
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 19, 1994

FNMA Negotiates on Indian Mortgages;
STRATEGIES FOR TRIBAL LANDS

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal National Mortgage Association is developing a strategy to make home
mortgage loans available nationally on Native American tribal lands.

Currently, mortgage lenders are reluctant to make home loans on many Indian
reservations because of legal and underwriting concerns.  Mortgage insurance,
title insurance and appraisal services often are also missing from the picture.

But Fannie Mae is drafting a set of legal agreements designed to provide a
framework for overcoming these obstacles.  The guidelines or agreements could be
negotiated with tribes across the country to provide the basis for a national
lending policy.

If the agreements are put in place, Fannie Mae is satisfied that lending on the
tribal land would be on par with lending off the trust land, and Fannie Mae will
open all its programs to lending on the land, said Ken Goosens, director of
Native American housing for Fannie Mae.

Essentially, the model documents will provide security in the loan by
compensating for anything in the ownership or tribal judicial structure that
might impede foreclosure in the event of default.  The agreements also address
issues such as resale marketability.

"In essence, we are trying to put it on equal footing from a standpoint of legal
and underwriting risk.  We want to break down the barriers to making lending
work on trust land," Mr. Goosens said.

The tribes often also have concerns that must be addressed, such as a fear of
losing control over tribal land.

In some cases, Fannie Mae hopes that tribes will agree to buy back homes in the
event of a default, alleviating risk concerns that lenders have.  Tribes also
may agree to assume default payments or take other steps to reduce the risk of
making loans on communal land under tribal judicial systems.

Also, Fannie Mae is developing a program, yet to receive final approval, to
purchase loans on Native American land that are insured under a Department of
Housing and Urban Development Native American housing program.

Already, Fannie Mae has entered into two lending agreements with Native American
tribes.  Fannie Mae agreed to lend $ 1 million for Chickasaw homebuyers in
Oklahoma.  The tribe is providing down payment assistance to homebuyers as part
of the agreement.

In Montana, Fannie Mae is providing $ 2.3 million to a Blackfeet Nation
nonprofit that is producing new singlefamily homes under a lease-purchase
option.  The financing will be secured by housing already owned by the
nonprofit.

Mr. Goosens said Fannie Mae's intent is to create a structure that will
facilitate business on Native American land nationally, so that it can focus on
more wholesale issues and lenders will feel comfortable making the loans.  He
said he hopes Fannie Mae can make an announcement about its initiative in the
first quarter of next year.

"If we are willing to buy these loans, people are willing to make them," Mr.
Goosens said.  "We are trying to invest time and resources to create a structure
that will pay off next year."

Fannie Mae is currently negotiating an agreement that could open lending to some
30 tribes in the Northwest.  Also, a lender owned by a confederation of Native
American tribes in the Northwest has applied for seller servicer status from
Fannie Mae.

Fannie Mae is also negotiating with the Navajo Nation Office, Window Rock,
Ariz., to provide mortgage lending services on equal terms on their tribal land
as in other areas of the Southwest.

Navajo Nation officials who spoke at a recent conference on rural housing said
they are pleased with the progress of talks with Fannie Mae.

Roger Boyd, an economic development official with the Navajo Nation, said the
banking industry has been slow to seek business opportunities on tribal land.

He said people in the Nation have an estimated $ 800 million to $ 1 billion in
personal income, and much of that money ends up being spend off the reservation.

There are 60,000 housing units on the reservation.

The Navajo Nation stretches across Arizona, New Mexico and Utah.

"People do not know anything about the Navajo Reservation.  We're like a black
hole," he said.

He said the Navajo Nation has successfully attracted several banking
institutions to do business on the reservation.

In addition, the tribe is taking an interest in developing a community
development banking system to support economic development and entrepreneurship
on the reservation.

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ruling lets N.Y. bank regulator target lenders on tribal lands

BYLINE: Danielle Douglas

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 566 words


A federal judge has cleared the way for New York's banking regulator to stop
online lenders that operate on Native American land from offering short-term,
high-interest-rate loans in violation of state law.

The ruling could encourage other states with interest rate caps to take legal
action to ban tribal lenders that charge triple-digit rates in their
jurisdictions. Native American groups say any such effort would infringe on
their federal rights as sovereign nations.

On Monday, U.S. District Judge Richard Sullivan in Manhattan rejected a request
by two Native American groups to block the New York Department of Financial
Services, led by Benjamin Lawsky, from barring them from making loans to state
residents.

The Otoe Missouria Tribe and Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Indians sued the state regulator in August after Lawsky demanded that 35 online
companies cease making loans to New Yorkers. The state has a 16 percent interest
rate cap in place for consumer loans under $25,000. At least one of the online
lenders had been charging more than 1,000 percent in annual interest.

Sullivan agreed that Lawsky has authority over loans made over the Internet to
consumers residing in New York, essentially stripping the Native American groups
of their immunity from state law.

"The state's action is directed at activity that takes place entirely off tribal
land, involving New York residents who never leave New York state," Sullivan
wrote in the order. "These consumers are not on a reservation when they apply
for a loan, agree to the loan, spend loan proceeds, or repay those proceeds with
interest."

Lawsky's office declined to comment on the ruling.

The Native American groups plan to appeal the judge's decision, according to
their attorney, David Bernick.

"This ruling opens a clear and painful breach in the legal protection that has
consistently been afforded to the tribes' efforts to become self-sufficient and
economically stable," he said.

Advocates for tribal lenders say the federal court overreached in its decision
and that only Congress has the authority to regulate Native American groups.

Jennifer Weddles, co-chair of Greenberg Traurig's American Indian law practice,
said tribal lenders have been swept up in state and federal efforts to clamp
down on payday loans, which carry high interest rates and often feature onerous
balloon payments.

A majority of the lenders that were cited by Lawsky, she said, offer installment
loans with less harmful terms and repayment structures. Weddles said most of
these lenders have established consumer protections in place.

"If New York regulators have concerns about the products that tribes are
offering, they should work with the tribes to come up with some framework that
works for everyone," she said. "That's what tribes and states do all the time
with gaming contracts."

Consumer groups have long been concerned about the ability of online lenders to
circumvent state laws. Once states began introducing interest rate caps, some
lenders migrated online or moved their operations offshore to sidestep laws.
Other lenders began forging relationships with Native American groups to take
advantage of their sovereign-nation status.

"By anybody's measure, these loans well exceed reasonable interest rate limits,"
said Ellen Harnick, senior policy counsel for the Center for Responsible
Lending.

danielle.douglas@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 8, 2002 Monday 2D EDITION

Hope deposited in Native American Bank Institution specializes in serving tribal
needs

BYLINE: By Aldo Svaldi, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 1031 words


Joe Serna, a Hopi Indian and Denver entrepreneur, struggled  to get a loan from
a traditional bank when he started his printing  business 10 years ago.

'It is always tough to get capital,' said Serna, who began  with $ 75. 'If there
is an institution that can more easily  understand the thinking of an Indian
person going through the loan  process, that is always a plus.'

Native American Bancorporation, one of Colorado's newest  banks, wants to smooth
the path to financing for entrepreneurs  such as Serna and Indian tribes.

'We are serving a group of people who have by and large been  left behind by the
American dream,' said John Beirise, president  and CEO of the bank, which moved
into its new Lakewood  headquarters last month.

Starting with $ 12.5 million in capital from founding tribal  backers, the bank
wants to offer loans to Native American  entrepreneurs and tribal governments
who are underserved by the  current system. By funding economic development on
and near  reservations, the hope is that the larger community will benefit.

But the bank's backers also have hired Beirise, an industry  veteran, to
maintain lending discipline and prevent the mistakes  that sank earlier efforts
to create a cross-tribal bank.  Traditional banks have limited experience
working with the Native  American community and struggle with complicated issues
such as  tribal sovereignty, said William Snider, a director with the bank.

Another hurdle is the lack of collateral that  reservation-based entrepreneurs
can offer lenders, said Frank  Riolo, president and CEO of Borrego Springs Bank,
a tribally owned  bank in Borrego Springs, Calif.

Most entrepreneurs tap the equity in their homes to start a  business, but the
U.S. government holds reservation lands in  trust, making their use as
collateral problematic. Even if parcels  of land could back a loan, a default
risks removing property from  tribal control.

Beirise said Native American Bank wants to establish  financing unique to Native
Americans. One example is a land  authority that would allow reservation lands
to back individual  loans while keeping the land under Indian control in the
event of  a default.

'We need to allow individuals to fail without costing the  tribe any more land,'
he said.

Geography is also an obstacle that prevents Native Americans  from obtaining
financial services. Long distances and sparse  populations in Indian country
make it costly to set up bank  branches, Snider said.

The poverty found on many reservations also presents a  problem for banks.

'Banks are mirrors of their environment,' Riolo said. 'If  there is no money,
banks won't serve those communities.'

He added that many Native Americans on reservations remain  distrustful of and
unfamiliar with financial institutions. Beirise  said promoting financial
literacy will be a key part of the bank's  mission.

Native American Bank, although it has a defined market,  doesn't face an easy
road. The 10 other banks with Native American  ownership are affiliated with a
particular tribe, and most are  small and struggling.

The last attempt to create a cross-tribal bank, in the 1970s,  failed.

But Beirise, a former group president at Mercantile Bancorp.,  said he is
confident that in five years Native American Bank will  be a success for the
investors backing it and the communities  served.

Beirise said the idea for the bank came out of a 1997 meeting  of tribal leaders
with Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii.

The leaders lamented the economic misery found on most  reservations - that more
than one in four Native Americans lives  in poverty, a rate double the U.S.
average, according to the U.S.  Census Bureau.

Inouye encouraged the leaders to try something different: If  financial
institutions were failing to meet their needs, the  tribes should form their own
bank.

Twelve tribes came together to create the bank holding  company, contributing
about $ 1 million each. Another nine tribes  have made smaller investments or
pledged to use the bank.

Investors raised $ 12.5 million for the bank, obtained a  charter and last fall
purchased the nation's oldest tribally owned  bank, Blackfeet National Bank in
Browning, Mont., renaming it  Native American National Bank.

'It is going to depend on the wherewithal of the leadership  to make it go,'
said Dean Parisian, president of Native American  Advisors in Atlanta and a
Chippewa.

'Accounting is not red, black or yellow,' Parisian said. 'The  banking industry
is simple. Do you qualify for a loan and do you  get credit?'

Riolo said winning the backing of the Native American  community can also take
time. The Borrego Springs Bank needed two  years to win the full support of the
Viejas Band, which owns 70  percent of the bank.

Gaming revenues make the Viejas Band one of the most  prosperous in the country
and many of the tribes backing the  Native American Bank have made their money
from casinos.

Some have criticized the bank's link to gaming tribes. Other  tribes have
rejected investing in the new bank over fears it will  be stuck with bad loans
made by the old Blackfeet bank.

But Beirise said where some tribes see risk, others see  opportunity. Once the
model proves itself, he expects other tribes  to join.

Serna added that it's historic for 12 tribes, including some  longtime rivals,
to come together and risk their money to benefit  the larger community.

'We are seeing tribes that are becoming self-sufficient and  investing back into
Indian country,' Serna said. 'I think it is  phenomenal.'

Founding tribes

The founding tribes that back Native American Bancorporation  are:

Arctic Slope Regional Corp.

Blackfeet Indian Nation

Chippewa and Cree Tribes of Rocky Boy Reservation

Grand Traverse Band

Mandan Hidatsa and Arikara Nation

Mashantucket Pequot Nation

Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe Indians

Navajo Nation

Oneida Tribe of Indians of Wisconsin

Sealaska Corp.

Eastern Shoshone Tribe

Ute Mountain Ute Tribe


LOAD-DATE: April 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Associated Press Native American Bancorporation acquired
Blackfeet National Bank in Browning, Mont., in October and renamed it Native
American National Bank. It plans to add locations on other reservations.  Native
American National Bank in Browning, Mont., formerly Blackfeet National Bank, was
the nation's oldest tribally owned bank.

TYPE: LIST

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Workshop set for tribal business owners

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 567  words


MUSKOGEE - The Mvskoke Loan Fund has scheduled a business development workshop
this month to deal with one of the biggest challenges Native American
entrepreneurs face in the development of their businesses: networking.

"We're supporting our entrepreneurs by being aggressive," said George Tiger,
principal chief of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation. "This is something that is long
overdue. It will help our businesses on an individual as well as tribal basis. "

The fund is a Community Development Financial Institution created to help
entrepreneurs develop their businesses by providing easier access to capital.
Although the program gives preference to Muscogee (Creek) citizens, other Native
Americans may also apply for loans. The fund offers post-loan development
services including assisting recipients in developing bookkeeping and inventory
systems, something most lenders do not provide, fund spokeswoman Veronica Hix
said.

The workshop will be held June 20 in Okmulgee in a former Bureau of Indian
Affairs office near the Creek Nation Tribal Complex.

Patsy Stuke, spokeswoman for the National Native American Chamber of Commerce,
said her members still run into cultural roadblocks when it comes to promoting
their business interests. Events such as the loan fund conference are badly
needed in the tribal community nationwide, she said.

"The networking piece is a little harder for Native Americans," she said. "My
experience has taught me that sometimes that if Native Americans are dealing
with other people outside their group, sometimes communications break down. "

"Being Native American in a predominantly white society presents certain
challenges," said Hix, who is also the executive director for Onaben, a
nonprofit corporation formed by Northwest Indian tribes to increase the success
of private businesses owned by Native Americans. "We've inherited some of those
challenges from our grandparents and great-grandparents, so there's a level of
distrust to deal with. "

Hix said establishing a small business usually isn't a problem for a tribal
member, but growing it beyond the first stages presents challenges in reaching
out to new business partnerships and self-promotion, she said. That's a little
easier when the company is larger or in the manufacturing industry, she said.
The private sector relationships are growing slowly but surely.

Kay Bills with the Mid America Government Industry Coalition is scheduled to
speak about Native American partnership advantages at an NNACC conference this
fall, Stuke said. Although MAGIC is not a dedicated Native American
organization, a large number of its members are tribally linked, she said. Stuke
said the recent implementation of century-old legislation, the Buy Indian Act of
1910, will go a long way to help business growth. The law requires the
Department of the Interior's Bureau of Indian Affairs to give preference in
funding and contracts to native-owned businesses in a fashion similar to other
preference policies that support businesses owned by groups such as veterans and
women. The law has been ignored until last year.

"Indian businesses contribute millions and millions of dollars to this economy,
which a lot of people don't realize," she said. "Networking has always been a
challenge. "

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Expands Farm Loans for Native Americans Farming and Ranching on
Tribal Land

LENGTH: 508  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Under Secretary Michael T. Scuse today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) has approved and obligated the first loan under
the Highly Fractionated Indian Land Loan program (HFIL). The program, made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, provides revolving loan funds to qualified
intermediary lenders, allowing qualified tribes and individuals the ability to
purchase tribal farmland that has multiple owners. Scuse made the announcement
during the Intertribal Agriculture Council Membership meeting in Las Vegas, Nev.





 "This program was created to address a longstanding barrier to agricultural
financing in Indian Country," said Scuse. "Working with intermediary lenders,
the program allows USDA to help increase the availability of farm loans to
Native Americans who want to start or expand a farming or ranching operation on
Indian lands."



 The first recipient, the Native American Community Development Corporation
Financial Services, Inc. (NACDCFS) of Browning, Mont., will lend funds directly
to tribal members through a $10 million intermediary HFIL loan from USDA's Farm
Service Agency (FSA). NACDCFS addresses critical needs in Native American
communities related to the growth of family assets, supports economic
development, and enhances the quality of life for communities and residents
located on or near Montana's seven Indian reservations. NACDCFS provides
one-on-one technical assistance to Native American entrepreneurs and
agricultural producers. NACDCFS is a 501(c) (3), certified Native Community
Development Financial Institution (CDFI), through the U.S. Department of
Treasury.



 Under the 1887 Dawes Act, Indian reservation land was divided and allotted to
individual tribal members such that with the passing of each generation, title
ownership was divided and parceled among heirs, while the land was not. As a
result, land once owned by a single person could today be owned by hundreds or
thousands of individuals, resulting in what is known as "highly fractionated
Indian land." In many instances, landowners are unknown or cannot be located,
which complicates the coordination of ownership or prevents the use of the
property altogether. There are more than 245,000 owners of three million
fractionated land interests, spanning approximately 150 Indian reservations.



 Under HFIL, tribes and tribal members can submit an application directly to an
intermediary lender. To participate, intermediary lenders first must be approved
by USDA. The lenders may be private and tribal nonprofit corporations, public
agencies, Indian tribes or lenders subject to federal or state regulation (such
as a credit union or other financial institution). FSA will lend to the
intermediary, which will relend to the applicant. The intermediary lender also
will administer the loan for the applicant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              May 18, 2015 Monday

Real estate connection: HUD offers special financing for tribal members

BYLINE: By Gary Sandler Gary Sandler Inc. Realtors

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 664 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; According to the New Mexico Indian Affairs Department, the
Land of Enchantment is home to 215,512 Native American citizens. Members of the
22 tribes associated with the three reservations and 22 pueblos located within
our borders make up just under 10.5 percent of our state's entire population.
While many tribal members live on their respective homelands, a significant
number live in the cities, towns and villages scattered throughout New Mexico.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 4,905 of those tribal members reside in
Doca Ana County.

Until the early 1990's, traditional mortgage lending was unavailable to Native
American and Alaskan Native tribal members who wished to purchase homes located
on tribal land. In an effort to address the lack of mortgage availability,
Congress passed the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 and the
Section 184 loan program. Initially, the program applied only to loans made on
tribal lands. In 2005, it was expanded to include loans made to tribal members
living in most states, including New Mexico.

The loans, which offer many advantages over traditional mortgage products, are
made by local lenders and guaranteed 100 percent by the Office of Loan Guarantee
within the U.S. Housing and Urban Development's (HUD's) Office of Native
American Programs. The guarantee protects lenders in the event the borrower
defaults on the loan. Loans are underwritten using traditional FHA guidelines,
which means that borrowers have to demonstrate that they have steady income and
the ability to repay the loan. Credit is still an important component of the
qualifying process, but scores are de-emphasized under the Section 184
guidelines.

Other differences include a 2.5 percent down payment for loans of $50,000, or
more, and 1.5 percent for loans under $50,000. Interest rates are based on
market rates and not on one's credit scores, so borrowers who meet minimum
credit standards are offered the same rate as exceptionally qualified borrowers.
To date, more than $100 million in loans have been made to New Mexico tribal
members.

The loans can be used to purchase a new or existing single-family home, or to
build a home, which in either case must be owner occupied. Manufactured homes on
permanent foundations also qualify as long as they are owner occupied,
permanently set, and have not been moved from the lots they were delivered to
when they were new. Owner occupants can also buy a fixer-upper or refinance an
existing loan.

Income properties consisting of two to four units can also be financed under the
program as long as the borrower lives in one of the units. Investment properties
in excess of four units and second homes are not eligible for 184 mortgages
under any circumstances. Maximum loan amounts in Doca Ana County are $271,050
for single-family homes, $347,000 for a duplex, $419,425 for three units, and
$521,250 for a four-unit building.

Each tribe establishes membership requirements that are set forth in their
constitutions, articles of incorporation or ordinances. Current tribal members
are good to go and can apply for a loan through one of HUD's participating
lenders. A list can be easily found by typing "HUD 184 participating lenders"
into your browser.

If you're not a tribal member but think you may be eligible to join, you need to
do your genealogical research, document your ancestry, and make application to
the tribe with whom your ancestor is or was affiliated. Once membership is
established, you'll be ready to make application to a participating lender.

With a bit of legwork and a little luck, you could be the next tribal member to
purchase one of the 744 Las Cruces area properties whose prices currently fall
within the program guidelines.

See you at closing.

Gary Sandler is the owner of Gary Sandler Inc. Realtors in Las Cruces and has
been reporting on local, state and national real estate trends for more than 15
years. He may be reached at 575-642-2292 or gary@garysandler.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gary Sandler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

VA and Mescalero Apache Tribe Sign MOU for Home Loans to Veterans

BYLINE: Daily News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


The Mescalero and Veterans Administration held a ceremonial signing of Native
American Direct Loan MOU (memorandum of understanding), Tuesday.

The event began at 9 a.m. and lasted until 3 p.m.

The signing took place 9:30 a.m. between Danny Breuninger, Sr., president,
Mescalero Apache Tribe and Mike Freuh, director, VA Loan Guaranty, Department of
Veterans Affairs, at the Community Center in Mescalero.

After signing the agreement eligible Native American veterans and their spouses
have the opportunity to use their VA home loan guaranty benefit on Federal trust
land.

By statute, before VA may make a loan to a Native American veteran desiring to
build or renovate a home on tribal land, the Veteran's tribal sovereign
governing body must enter into a MOU with VA.

Native American veterans eligible for VA home loan benefits and whose sovereign
governments have signed a MOU may then apply directly to VA for a 30-year fixed
rate loan to purchase, build, or improve a home located on Federal trust land.

They may also refinance a direct loan already made under this program to lower
their interest rate. If the property is not located on Federal trust land, the
veteran can use the traditional VA-guaranteed Home Loan program.

VA Regional Office representatives who work on the Native American Direct Home
Loan Program were present to answer questions.

Information about health and other VA benefits will be shared by staff from New
Mexico VA Health Care System, Albuquerque VA Regional Office, Department of
Veterans Services State of New Mexico and other VA representatives.

The day-long event included a meal.

Those who are interested can call 800-827-1000 or visit
www.benefits.va.gov/homeloans for more information about the Native American
Direct Home Loan Program (NADL).

Tribal Government Specialist LoRae HoMana Pawiki can also provide more
information about the program at 928-776-5306.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

For Native Americans, Buying Has Become Easier

BYLINE: By LINDA BAKER

SECTION: Section 11; Column 1; Real Estate Desk; NATIONAL PERSPECTIVES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1188 words

DATELINE: SPOKANE, Wash.


ON his way to a traditional Native American dance competition a few weeks ago,
Rodney Abrahamson, a police officer with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, stopped
off at a title company to sign the papers refinancing his home mortgage. It was
a satisfying stroke of the pen.

''I've tried to refinance through eight different places in five years,'' said
Mr. Abrahamson, who is 34 and lives with his wife and three children on the
Spokane Indian Reservation, about an hour's drive through rolling wheat fields
from downtown. ''I explain to people the land is in trust, and the first thing
out of their mouth is, 'Yes, we'll do it.' A week later they call back and say,
'What is trust land?'''

Because most of the land on Native American reservations throughout the country
is held in trust, residents generally do not own their land individually, which
means that banks have been hesitant to extend loans because they are unable to
foreclose on tribal property. That is one reason that the homeownership rate for
Native Americans is the lowest among all ethnic groups -- 33 percent -- and less
than half the rate for the general United States population. (The other is
income; more than half of all Native Americans on reservations live in poverty,
more than four times the national average.)

''The tribes didn't want to lose trust land, and the banks didn't know how to
foreclose if they had to,'' said Heidi Cleveland, marketing director with
AmericanWest Bank in Spokane. ''It was complicated; it was messy, and they
didn't want to go down that path.''

But the situation has begun to change, in part because of a federal program that
increases access to bank financing by guaranteeing home loans made to Native
Americans on and off tribal lands. The Department of Housing and Urban
Development's Section 184 program, now available in 18 states, provides a 100
percent guarantee in the event of a foreclosure to lenders to Native Americans
buying either on or off reservations. Should a borrower living on a reservation
default, the bank cannot sell the property to anyone but an enrolled tribal
member.

Begun in 1995, the loan program has expanded rapidly over the last two years. In
2005, AmericanWest and Wells Fargo Bank became the first banks to offer
financing on the Spokane reservation, which has about 2,200 tribal members on
157,000 acres. Other nearby reservations also offered possibilities for
mortgages.

''We recognized our footprint had a fairly large community of Indian tribes that
were underserved by community banks,'' said Robert M. Daugherty, chief executive
of AmericanWest. ''In return, we're looking for tribal business, so it's quid
pro quo.''

The northeast corner of the state includes the Spokane, Colville and Kalispel
Indian reservations, where approximately 10,000 people live on about 1.5 million
acres.

Bounded by the Columbia and Spokane Rivers, the sparsely developed Spokane
reservation has more than 200 square miles of pine forest, an administration
building, a school for kindergarten through 12th grade, a health clinic and two
casinos.

There are 700 houses on the reservation, and nearly half are publicly financed
rentals or lease arrangements leading to ownership, said Brook Kristovich, the
housing director for the Kalispel Tribe and the former executive director of the
Spokane Indian Housing Authority.

Until last year, Mr. Kristovich said, tribal members who sought private
financing to buy homes were limited to one or two lenders and dealers of
manufactured housing who tended to charge very high interest rates. Having banks
offer loans on the reservation will help build much needed housing, and
encourage economic development and private enterprise, Mr. Kristovich said.
''I've been pushing for them to come for years.''

Mr. Abrahamson, who lives in a complex of manufactured homes owned by his
parents, brothers and sisters -- ''I call it Abrahamson estates,'' he said --
has spent the last eight years paying 8.75 percent interest on an original loan
of $44,000. He has watched, hands tied, as mortgage rates dropped to historic
lows.

Inside the three-bedroom home, Mr. Abrahamson's 4-year-old daughter, Kirstyn,
showed off the dress she was planning to wear to the ''jingle dance''
competition at the Spokane powwow that evening. Her father kicked open a sticky
front door. ''See why I need the money?'' he said.

Mr. Abrahamson took $35,000 cash out as part of a $74,000 refinancing package.
The Section 184 loan with AmericanWest, which took three months to process,
reduces his interest rate to 6.375 percent. ''It's going to save me a bundle,''
he said.

Last June, the Section 184 program in Washington State expanded to include
tribal members living off the reservation. The expansion encourages banks to
finance Native American homes and extends the program's benefits -- including
low down payments and no mortgage insurance -- to all Native Americans, said
Evanlene Melting Tallow, a specialty mortgage broker with AmericanWest.

In August, Clint Kieffer and his wife, Dinah, moved from the Spokane reservation
to a 1910 bungalow in Harrington, a small town about 50 miles west of the
reservation. Without the Section 184 program, the couple would have been forced
to take out two mortgages and would have had to pay a percentage point more than
their current 5.73 interest rate, Mrs. Kieffer said.

Until the move, Mr. Kieffer, a former Bureau of Indian Affairs police officer
who is now unemployed, had been a lifelong resident of the reservation. ''Unless
you want to work at the casino or the tribe, there's not a lot to do,'' he said.
Their new house is also closer to the family's church and their daughters'
sports clubs, Mr. Kieffer said.

Mrs. Kieffer is not a Native American. She said land trust laws could have
complicated efforts to will tribal property to their children or resulted in the
loss of her home in the event of her husband's death. ''That's not security,''
she said.

Back on the reservation, other homeowners highlighted the complexities
associated with tribal housing regulations -- with or without the special
lending program. Clifford Brisbois and his girlfriend, Cammi Swearngin, recently
bought a three-bedroom house up the road from his mother, grandmother and uncle.

Ms. Swearngin and Mr. Brisbois, who is a carpenter, were turned down by several
banks before they found the Wells Fargo Section 184 program. ''The other banks
didn't like the trust land,'' Ms. Swearngin said. But after finally initiating
the application process with Wells Fargo, the couple received an unexpected loan
they had applied for long before, from Tribal Credit, a reservation agency with
limited housing money and a waiting list of up to two years.

Like all buyers on the reservation, Mr. Brisbois and Ms. Swearngin had to sign a
50-year lease for the land with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which allots one
and a half acres per tribal member. The lease process alone, Ms. Swearngin said,
took eight months. ''Everything takes a long time here,'' she said. But it has
been worth it to her. ''We're proud of our home,'' she said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: MORTGAGE HELP -- Ray Blackwater gets mortgage information from
Evanlene Melting Tallow, left. Clifford Brisbois and Cammi Swearngin, far left
top, and Rodney Abrahamson, center, live on the Spokane Indian Reservation.
Clint and Dinah Kieffer bought elsewhere. (Photographs by Jeff T. Green for The
New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Tribes: Leave us a-loan, gov

BYLINE: Daniel Beekman Daniel Beekman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 165 words


TWO Native American tribes are suing New York state for going after their online
lending businesses.

Earlier this month, the Cuomo administration ordered 35 lenders, including
several tribal companies, to stop offering "illegal payday loans" to New
Yorkers.

But the Oklahoma and Michigan-based tribes, which filed a lawsuit Wednesday in
Manhattan federal court, claim the crackdown is an assault on their federal
sovereignty because the businesses are operated from tribal land and under
tribal law.

TWO Native American tribes are suing New York State for going after their online
lending businesses.

Earlier this month, the Cuomo administration ordered 35 lenders, including
several tribal companies, to stop offering "illegal payday loans" to New
Yorkers.

But the Oklahoma and Michigan-based tribes, which filed a lawsuit Wednesday in
Manhattan federal court, claim the crackdown is an assault on their federal
sovereignty because the businesses are operated from tribal land and under
tribal law.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

USDA: Native Americans need better loan access

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


June 13--HURON, S.D. -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture has expanded the
availability of farm loans for American Indian tribes and members to buy tribal
farmland that has multiple owners.

The change will remove "a longstanding barrier to financing", increasing farm-
loan availability to Native Americans who want to start or expand a farming or
ranching operation on Indian lands, according to the South Dakota office of the
Farm Service Agency, based in Huron.

The FSA is an arm of USDA.

The change, the result of more than a dozen tribal meetings across the country,
reflects new authority granted by the 2014 farm bill, which allows USDA to
provide revolving loan funds to qualified intermediary lenders that can relend
the funds to qualified tribes and individuals, FSA says.

According to FSA:

Under the 1887 Dawes Act, Indian reservation land was divided and allotted to
individual tribal members such that with the passing of each generation, title
ownership was divided and parceled among heirs, while the land was not. As a
result, land once owned by a single person could today be owned by hundreds or
thousands of individuals, resulting in what is known as "highly fractionated
Indian land." In many instances, landowners are unknown or cannot be located,
which complicates the coordination of ownership or prevents the use of the
property altogether. There are more than 245,000 owners of three million
fractionated land interests, spanning approximately 150 Indian reservations.

USDA now allows tribes and tribal members to submit a farm loan application to
an intermediary lender. To participate, intermediary lenders first must be
approved by USDA. The lenders may be private and tribal nonprofit corporations,
public agencies, Indian tribes, or lenders subject to federal or state
regulation (such as a credit union or other financial institution). FSA will
lend to the intermediary, which will relend to the applicant. The intermediary
lender also will administer the loan for the applicant.

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or contact the local FSA
county office.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160613-AW-USDA-Native-Americans-need-better-loan-access-0613-20160613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 6, 2007 Friday
                                 Idaho Edition

HUD approves 'Indian area' expansion;

BYLINE: Melodie Little

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 612 words


Native Americans living in Idaho now have more opportunities to access a federal
home-buying program.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development recently approved the Coeur
d'Alene Tribe's request to expand an "Indian area" to include the entire state
of Idaho. The expansion allows Native Americans affiliated with any federally
recognized tribe to access the loan program to purchase homes anywhere inside
the state. Previously, within the state of Idaho, Section 184 loans were only
available to tribal members living on their own reservations.

"The whole purpose of the program is to greatly (increase) home ownership for
Native Americans," said Martha Dilts, deputy regional direction of HUD Region
10, which includes Idaho.

"We'd like to certainly promote this now that the whole state is an Indian
area."

Within the state of Idaho, 60 percent of Native American households either own
or are purchasing their homes - that's 12 percent lower than the homeownership
rate among the general population, Dilts said.

The Section 184 program started in 1992 and offers a comparatively low down
payment with high loan limits. Loans aren't limited to low-income borrowers and
have more flexible underwriting criteria. The money can be used to buy or
rehabilitate homes, build tribal housing entities or refinance higher interest
rate loans.

Eighty Native American households in Idaho currently have loans under the
program and 4,400 households nationwide participate, a HUD representative said.
According to the 2000 census, the state has 5,542 Native American households,
although more than half of them are already buying a house.

Cielo Gibson, executive director of the Coeur d'Alene Tribal Housing Authority,
said many other states, including Washington, already have the home-buying
program statewide. In Idaho a half-dozen local lenders are highly knowledgeable
of the program.

"They basically have done a ton of work to make this program successful," Gibson
said.

Native Americas interested in learning more about the federal homebuyer's
program can call Gibson at (208) 686-1927.

ANIMAL HOSPITAL OPENING IN SPOKANE VALLEY

Banfield, The Pet Hospital is opening at the PetSmart on East Broadway Avenue in
August.

The hospital is part of a chain that operates more than 615 clinics in 43
states, including a pet hospital in the North Spokane PetSmart. All but three of
the hospitals are located in PetSmart stores.

The clinics offer full services - including spaying, neutering and other
surgeries - and are open Saturdays, which makes visits easier for pet owners who
work weekdays, said Jennifer Baque, spokeswoman for the Portland, Ore.-based
company.

"Part of the reason we're in the PetSmarts is the convenience of it," she said.

GOLF COMMUNITY NEAR SILVER MOUNTAIN TAKES OFF

Lots at Galena Ridge, A Golf Course Community are selling at a brisk pace.

Forty of the 49 available home sites, located on a hillside that overlooks the
town of Kellogg, Idaho, sold within a week.The properties sell for an average of
$200,000 each and many are being purchased by people with a local connection
-including folks who grew up in the area and plan on returning or local
investors, said Stephen Lane, director of marketing for Galena Ridge and Silver
Mountain Resort."A lot of people have their eye on North Idaho as either the
place they want their second home or a retirement home."

The developer, JELD-WEN Communities of Redmond, Ore. plans to offer more lots
later this year, Lane said.

JELD-WEN also built 277 condos on the mountain in a project dubbed Morning Star
Lodge. In addition, the village is slated for a 42,000-square foot indoor water
park, Lane said.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Here's the Dirt keeps track of construction, business openings and other
projects. Contact Melodie Little at (509) 459-5513, melodiel@spokesman.com, or
at spokesmanreview.com/blogsdirt.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

VA opens funding avenue for Mescalero homes

BYLINE: By Dianne Stallings dstallings@ruidosonews.com @RuidosoNews on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


An all-day event in Mescalero on Tuesday will include an informational program
about Veteran Administration benefits and services and feature the ceremonial
signing at 9:30 a.m. of the Native American Direct Loan Memorandum of
Understanding.

Mescalero Apache President Danny Breuninger Sr. and Mike Freuh, director of VA
Loan Guaranty, Department of Veterans Affairs will handle the actual signing for
the two entities at the Community Center, 101 Central Ave., Mescalero.

The MOU will ensure that eligible Native American veterans and their spouses
have the opportunity to use their Veterans Affairs home loan guaranty benefit on
federal trust land.

By statute, before VA officials can make a loan to a Native American veteran who
wants to build or renovate a home on tribal land, the veteran's tribal sovereign
governing body must enter into a MOU with the agency.

Native American veterans eligible for agency home loan benefits and whose
sovereign governments have signed a MOU can then apply directly to the Veterans
Affairs for a 30-year fixed rate loan to purchase, build or improve a home
located on federal trust land.

They also may refinance direct loans already made under the program to lower
their interest rates.

If the property is not located on federal trust land such as a reservation, the
veteran can use the traditional VA-guaranteed Home Loan program.

Call toll free 1-800-827-1000 or visit www.benefits.va.gov/homeloans for more
information about the Native American Direct Home Loan Program.

Representatives from the VA Regional Office who work on the Native American
Direct Home Loan Program will be present at the informational program to answer
questions.

Information about health and other VA benefits will be shared by staff from New
Mexico VA Health Care System, Albuquerque VA Regional Office, Department of
Veterans Services State of New Mexico and other VA representatives.

Veterans and those interested are welcome to attend and learn about VA benefits
and services during the 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. event. The meeting is free and lunch
will be provided. Contact LoRae HoMana Pawiki, tribal government specialist, at
928-776-5306 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 24, 1995
                              Correction Appended

Fannie Starts Indian Effort

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal National Mortgage Association has formally announced the opening of
its Native American Housing Initiative to increase homeownership opportunities
for people living on tribal lands.

Fannie Mae also has named its first Native American seller/servicer for mortgage
loans, a public housing authority in the Pacific Northwest.

Fannie Mae said the national initiative will provide a framework for the
company's future efforts to meet the needs of underserved Native American
populations nationwide.  Products currently under discussion include a low down
payment mortgage in Oklahoma for the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw and Absentee
Shawnee nations.

NMN already has reported that the Chickasaw nation has signed the first separate
tribal pact with Fannie Mae.

Under the initiative, Fannie Mae will begin by purchasing single-family home
loans secured by ground leases on Native American trust lands that are
guaranteed by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

The loans will be fixed-rate mortgages with terms not exceeding 30-years.

Fannie Mae said its involvement will make it easier for local lenders to
participate in the HUD home loan guarantee program.

Under the program, eligible borrowers may finance closing costs as part of the
loan, lowering the amount of money needed at the closing table.  HUD has made up
to $ 22.5 million of financing available in the first year of the Native
American Housing Initiative.

The program was authorized by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992.

Meanwhile, in the Pacific Northwest, a Native American organization has been
approved as a Fannie Mae seller/servicer.

Sound Development Association, a wholly owned subsidiary of the South Puget
Sound Inter-tribal Housing Authority in Shelton, Wash., was named a
seller/servicer.  The public housing authority represents six tribes.

Continental Savings Bank of Seattle will act as the subservicer for mortgages
originated by Sound Development Association.

Fannie Mae said it hopes to work with other Native American nations as well.

Fannie Mae officials said they hope eventually to expand their program beyond
purchasing only government guaranteed loans.

The initial program will help them learn about the performance of loans of
tribal lands and resale values of the homes used as collateral.

LOAD-DATE: May 05, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 1, 1995

CORRECTION: Membership in the Chickasaw Nation was incorrectly reported in a
recent NMN story on the tribe's housing pact with Fannie Mae, at about 8,000.
In fact, there are approximately 34,000 card holders with certified Chickasaw
blood origins and 11,000 registered voters in the tribe.

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

State gets key ruling on tribal payday lenders;
The California Supreme Court says that a case against the firms can proceed.

BYLINE: James Rufus Koren

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 855 words


A decade after California financial regulators first went after a pair of online
payday lenders with ties to Native American tribes, the California Supreme Court
on Thursday handed the state a victory, ruling that case against the lenders can
proceed.

At issue is whether the lenders, doing business through half a dozen different
names including Ameriloan and OneClickCash, are immune from state lending laws
because of their affiliation with the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma and the Santee
Sioux Nation of Nebraska. Tribes and tribal entities are not subject to state
laws.

The court ruled, though, that while the lenders were tribal entities in name,
they had little connection to the tribes in practice. In a unanimous decision,
the court found "scant evidence that either tribe actually controls, oversees,
or significantly benefits from the underlying business operations of the online
lenders."

Instead, the court said it appeared that the lenders were controlled by Scott
Tucker, the owner of Kansas City-area firm AMG Services. AMG and Tucker are not
defendants in the California case but have been under federal scrutiny for years
over payday lending businesses that regulators and prosecutors say used sham
relationships with Native American tribes to flout state lending laws.

Federal prosecutors in New York this year charged Tucker with criminal
racketeering and violations of federal lending rules. Tucker has pleaded not
guilty and a trial is schedule to begin next year. In October, a federal judge
in Nevada ordered Tucker, AMG and related parties to pay $1.3 billion to
consumers who paid high and improperly disclosed fees, the result of a case
brought by the Federal Trade Commission.

Payday lenders offer small loans, usually for just a few hundred dollars, and
expect repayment once borrowers get their next paycheck. The loans often have
annual interest rates topping 300%.

California and other states have licensing requirements and rules that govern
how big payday loans can be and how much interest and fees lenders can charge.
Tribal lenders, or entities claiming an affiliation with Native American tribes,
say those laws don't apply to them, allowing them to make bigger and pricier
loans.

The California Department of Business Oversight first took action against the
tribe-affiliated lenders in 2006 and sued them the following year, saying they
were operating without licenses, making loans that were larger than the state's
$300 limit and charging illegally high fees.

Those allegations have yet to be addressed in court. Since the case was filed,
the lenders argued they were outside of the state's jurisdiction. Both the Los
Angeles Superior Court and a state appellate court agreed, saying the state had
no case. But the Department of Business Oversight continued to appeal the case,
and Thursday's ruling marks a long-sought victory.

Department Commissioner Jan Lynn Owen said the ruling "strengthens our ability
to enforce laws prohibiting excessive fees and unlicensed activity by denying
payday lenders' ability to inappropriately use tribes' sovereign immunity to
avoid complying with state law."

Still, the state will now have to make its case in the lower court.

Skip Durocher, an attorney for Miami Nation Enterprises, the entity that claims
an affiliation with the Miami Tribe, said he will continue to argue that his
client is a tribal entity.

"This is a fight about tribal sovereignty," Durocher said. "We're confident that
when the facts are laid out, we'll prevail."

Attorneys for SFS Inc., the lender affiliated with the Santee Sioux Nation, did
not returns calls for comment.

Regardless of the outcome of the case at hand, the ruling could have a big
impact on the involvement of Native American tribes in the online lending
business.

The state Supreme Court ruling is just the latest action challenging the way
that outside firms like Tucker's have sought to work with tribal entities to get
around state lending laws, including rules that cap interest rates.

In August, a federal judge in Los Angeles ruled that Orange County lender
CashCall used a sham relationship with a tribal entity to make loans that
violated lending laws in 16 states. The judge in that case also argued that the
tribal entity had too little involvement in the business for tribal sovereign
immunity to apply.

Donald Putterman, a San Francisco attorney who specializes in consumer lending
and financial regulation, said recent rulings show that some lender-tribe
relationships have been poorly structured in the past, giving tribal entities
too little involvement -- and too little skin in the game -- to pass muster.

But Putterman said he expects tribal lenders to use the recent rulings to make
sure that their businesses are structured in ways that will allow them to
continue to skirt state laws. The California Supreme Court ruling, he said,
could be particularly helpful as it lays out clear criteria for determining
whether a business affiliated with a tribe should be immune from state laws.

"This kind of decision, it essentially provides a guideline for what will work
in California," he said.

--

james.koren@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: Weekly Column: USDA Partners with Native Americans

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Shortly after taking office, I joined other Cabinet officials on a visit to
rural Southwest Alaska. We met with Alaska Native leaders and heard firsthand
the difficulties facing Native Americans living in small communities in remote,
rural areas. Since that time, this administration has worked each day to provide
Native Americans with improved housing, better educational opportunities, clean
water and sanitation, and the opportunity to create good jobs. Across
government, and here at USDA, we've made progress.

This past week, I joined President Obama and members of the Cabinet at the sixth
White House Tribal Nations Conference here in Washington, DC. In addition to
serving as the Chair of the White House Rural Council, I am also a member of the
White House Council on Native American Affairs, chaired by Interior Secretary
Sally Jewell. Our priorities in Indian Country include promoting sustainable
economic development; supporting greater access to and control over healthcare;
improving the effectiveness and efficiency of tribal justice systems; expanding
and improving educational opportunities for Native American youth; and
protecting and supporting the sustainable management of Native lands,
environments and natural resources.

The Obama Administration has been committed to increasing tribal self-governance
and self-determination, making it possible for tribes to develop resources and
improve infrastructure on their lands, and also create employment and business
opportunities for Native American families, including veterans and youth.

As part of this effort, I recently announced $9.7 million in grants to 62
community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational institutions to
conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially disadvantaged,
veteran, and tribal farmers and ranchers. A dozen of those grants will support
tribes. Additionally, we are providing loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to
1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges through USDA Rural Development's Community
Facilities Programs. These programs provide funds to construct, enlarge or
improve community facilities for healthcare, public safety and public services.

USDA will also support partnerships with three tribal colleges (Oglala Lakota
College, Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United
Tribes Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) by providing grant writing assistance
and other services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal
resources. We are also providing a $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband
service for residents of New Mexico's Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the
first telecommunications loan USDA has made under the Substantially Underserved
Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008 Farm Bill.

As we enter 2015, we will continue to work with tribes on a
government-to-government basis, consulting and collaborating with them, and
striving to ensure that they receive their fair share of support from USDA
programs--support that not only provides jobs and educational opportunity, but
also honors our promises and treaty responsibilities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Tribally owned banks in Oklahoma offer comfort level for members

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1017  words


Tribally owned banks in Oklahoma didn't set out to secure a niche in serving the
Native American Indian community, but focusing on that market has served them
well, bank executives said.

"We probably have a better comfort level in dealing with Indian tribes than do
some of the non-tribally owned institutions. We understand them better," said
Larry Briggs, president and chief executive of 1st National Bank and Trust Co.
of Shawnee. "There is a perception among other bankers that doing business in
Indian Country is risky or problematic. ... A lot of people have some fear of
doing business with tribes; they just don't know how to do it. "

And those business accounts from tribal members have been profitable, said Gene
Davis, president and chief executive of AllNations Bank in Calumet, which has
about $46.4 million in assets.

"I think members feel more comfortable coming to their own bank than they do
another bank. The comfort level is higher for many of our customers, since they
already own the bank," Davis said.

Seven years ago, as one of Bank2's executives left to join an American
Indian-focused bank out of state, he predicted to The Journal Record strong
growth for Indian banks, a perspective that was supported by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency. That office issued a report at the time,
"Commercial Lending in Indian Country - Potential Opportunities in an Emerging
Market. "

"Many bankers have already recognized this potential, but in a limited way," the
comptroller reported, pointing out that the gaming industry was not the only
commercial lending opportunity in Indian Country. "Bankers are evolving their
lending strategies beyond gaming-related enterprises to include both tribal and
private sector non-gaming enterprises. In some cases, they spoke of the need to
replicate the credit structure of gaming transactions to help bring commercial
lending in tribal communities to scale. For middle-market businesses in
particular, the environment is already competitive, and there is increasingly
robust tribal activity. "

Socioeconomic forces in so-called Indian Country tribal communities strengthened
significantly between 1990 and 2000, according to the U.S. Census and other
federal data, and the median household income for non-gaming tribes rose 21
percent.

That improvement held steady and drove more standard banking business lines. The
comptroller reported in August 2013 that banks in Indian communities weathered
the recession and have been able to extend loans and make investments in their
tribal markets "because they understand the unique business dynamics and
cultures of these communities and have been able to adapt and remain active
partners during the downturn. "

That may be true, said Ross Hill, the founding president and chief executive of
Bank2 in Oklahoma City. But he hasn't seen tribal presence grow much in the
industry over the last decade. Oklahoma has about 20 American Indian-owned
banks, and even fewer held by tribes. Those are Bank2, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Chickasaw Banc Holding Co. under the Chickasaw Nation; AllNations, owned
by the Absentee Shawnee; and 1st National Bank, owned by the Citizen Potawatomi
Nation.

Without widespread competition for Indian customers, Bank2 has been able to make
more Native American home loans than any other bank in the state, Hill said. The
company is one of the top three home lenders in the country.

"We've even made a home loan to an Alaskan Native above the Arctic Circle in the
last 30 days or so," he said. "We stretch out to make home loans for Hawaiian
Natives as well. ... Depending on the economy and the year, we do anywhere from
$100 (million) to $150 million in Native American home loans. So that means the
No. 1 state producing those loans is Oklahoma. "

Davis said he's not surprised that more tribes haven't entered the industry,
considering the presumption of specialized knowledge.

"If you don't know about a particular type of business, it's best to not get
into that business. I don't know, maybe that's what they think," he said. "Banks
have to be a little careful when they're dealing with tribal members to ensure
there are no sovereignty issues. ... We do know about those things. A bank
outside of that might not understand. "

Briggs said he's heard rumors of potential problems: "From time to time there
have been tribes that used their sovereign immunity to maybe avoid some
obligations - or at least that's what I've heard," he said.

"But you just have to know what an organization can and can't do and make sure
everyone signs the documents they need to sign, just like any other loan. After
you've done a few deals like that, your comfort level goes up because you have a
better sense of everyone's obligations. "

The comptroller encourages tribes and national banks to consult with experts in
banking law, federal Indian law and tribal law to obtain specific advice on
chartering, acquiring or operating a national bank and ultimately to put
bankers' minds at ease. And the Indian community needs the same loans, technical
assistance and financial education as any other segment of society, said
Jacqueline Johnson Pata, executive director of the National Congress of American
Indians, speaking on the potential of community development. According to 2011
data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., more than 40 percent of Native
American Indians have limited or no access to mainstream financial services,
26.8 percent have a bank account but use alternative financial services and 14.5
percent are completely unbanked.

There are 566 tribal nations that have been recognized in the Constitution,
Supreme Court decisions and acts of Congress, ranging in size from small Alaska
villages to the Navajo Nation across Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. The 2010 U.S.
Census Bureau reported a Native American Indian population of more than 5.2
million people, or 1.7 percent of the country. That's a lot of untapped
potential, Pata said.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      October 3, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Court Agrees: New York State Department of Financial Services Perpetuating
Irreparable Harm to Indian Country

LENGTH: 584  words


New Delhi, Oct. 3 -- After the Hon. Richard J. Sullivan of the U.S. District
Court, Southern District of New York denied a preliminary injunction in The
Otoe-Missouria Tribe of Indians, et al. v. New York State Department of
Financial Services, et al., effectively allowing the state of New York to
overstep its jurisdiction onto Native American sovereign territories, Barry
Brandon, Executive Director of the Native American Financial Services
Association (NAFSA), provided the following comment:



"Today's ruling failed to address hundreds of years of legal precedent and
legislative action regarding Native Americans' sovereign rights and will
continue to allow ongoing and irreparable damage to Indian country through the
state of New York's actions. The Court acknowledges this, noting that 'given the
Tribes' heavy fiscal reliance on lending operations, these developments pose a
potentially ruinous threat to the Tribes' financial viability.' On that point,
they are correct - it will absolutely devastate our tribes, which get large
shares of our tribal operating budgets from the revenues generated by these
businesses.

"At a time when the federal share of our governmental budgets is constantly in
jeopardy as a result of budget sequestration and government shutdowns, our
ability to provide for ourselves through these businesses is more important than
ever. Without the preliminary injunction to allow these legal and regulated
businesses to continue, their revenue streams will dry up, the services tribal
governments offer to the most vulnerable among us will cease to be funded, and
Native peoples will suffer."

James Williams, Jr., Chairman of the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa Indians, added:

"Consumers who take out loans from NAFSA tribal businesses do so with the
express and clear knowledge that they are taking out a loan from a
federally-recognized tribe, that it originates on a Native American reservation,
and that it is made pursuant to sovereign tribal law. The Internet has allowed
consumers to travel - virtually - to our reservations to get the financial
services they need. The Court recognizes Tribes' rights to sovereign authority
over our territories, yet supplants that recognition with this decision. They
aren't just allowing the state to choke off our businesses; they are choking off
our livelihoods.

"The denial of the tribes' request for an injunction allows Defendant Lawsky to
run out the clock without having to show a legal basis for his actions."

The lawsuit was filed on August 21 on behalf of the Otoe-Missouria Tribe, a
federally-recognized Indian Tribe; Great Plains Lending, LLC, a wholly-owned
tribal limited liability company; American Web Loan, Inc., a wholly-owned tribal
corporation; Otoe-Missouria Consumer Finance Services Regulatory Commission, a
tribal regulatory agency; Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Indians, a federally-recognized Indian Tribe; Red Rock Tribal Lending, LLC, a
wholly-owned tribal limited liability company; and  the Lac Vieux Desert Tribal
Financial Services Regulatory Authority, a tribal regulatory agency. Both tribes
involved are members of NAFSA.

Benjamin M. Lawsky, in his individual capacity and in his official capacity as
Superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services, has been
named as the Defendant.

David Bernick of Dechert, LLP, is serving as Counsel of Record for the action
with Robert Rosette serving as co-counsel and attorney representing the two
tribes.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Loans to Native Americans Focus of Clinton Initiative

                             August 7, 1998, Friday

By BILL McCONNELL

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Blaming lack of credit for the poverty of many Native Americans, President
Clinton on Thursday urged financial firms to aggressively pursue lending on
tribal lands.

"Very few grocery stores, gas stations, restaurants, and banks are doing
business on reservations," he said at a White House conference on improving
living standards in Indian communities. "As a result, money that could be used
to build tribal economies and creating jobs is spent too often off the
reservations."

Also, to make it easier for Native Americans to build homes on their ancestral
lands, the President on Tuesday directed the Treasury Department and the
Department of Housing and Urban Development to create a "one-stop" mortgage
lending program for reservations. A one-year pilot soon will be launched for the
Navaho nation.

"Tribal and federal governments, along with the private sector, all have to work
together to empower our people with the tools to succeed," he said.

With government assistance, private lenders can quickly increase the amount of
credit available to Native Americans, the President said. Specifically, he urged
banks to invest in Community Development Financial Institutions, which receive
government funds to match money committed by the private sector. The
institutions provide "micro-loans" to individuals and organizations to launch
small businesses.

"Micro-credit has tremendous potential," he said.

To determine how Indian communities can become more attractive for business
investment, President Clinton also ordered the Department of Commerce to study
the information technology needs of reservations and to issue a report within
nine months.

Acting Comptroller of the Currency Julie L. Williams, who spoke earlier in the
day, said Indian communities can be lucrative sources of new business for
depository institutions.

"Bankers who once wondered whether there was money to be made in the Native
American market are having many of their doubts dispelled," she said. " Some of
the most profitable branches of large nationwide banking companies today are
located on Indian reservations."

The most successful banks have tailored their services to comply with individual
tribal laws and adapt to reservation geography, she said. For instance, some
banks operating on reservations that span thousands of acres operate mobile
offices to deliver services.

All Indian communities do not need identical services, she added. Some may seek
only basic deposit and checking services for low-income members. Others may want
to increase the availability of residential mortgages or obtain financing for
small businesses, a hospital, or industrial development.

She also urged tribes to also consider establishing their own banks.

"The formation of a national bank is not the answer for every Native American
tribe," she said. "But as some have already discovered, the national bank
charter can be a potent instrument for economic progress. The Comptroller's
Office on Wednesday issued guidelines on forming a tribal- owned bank.

Bruce M. Morrison, chairman of the Federal Housing Finance Board, urged tribe
-owned banks to join the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which will allow them to
use advances as start-up funds.

The Home Loan banks can also invest in Small Business Investment Companies owned
by Native American communities.

"All Indian-owned institutions need to be part of" the Home Loan system, he
said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 588 words

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Clinton, photo

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Washington: HUD RELEASES COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF HOUSING NEEDS OF AMERICAN
INDIANS AND ALASKA NATIVES

LENGTH: 1009  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 American Indian tribes are building more housing units after enactment of the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA)
but housing conditions are substantially worse among American Indian households
than other U.S. households.  These are some of the findings of three new
comprehensive reports of tribal housing needs released today by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the Urban Institute.





 Congress asked HUD to conduct an Assessment of American Indian, Alaska Native,
and Native Hawaiian Housing Needs in 2009.  The Urban Institute led the study
and HUD is releasing three new reports today:



     Housing Needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives in Tribal Areas

     Mortgage Lending on Tribal Land

     Housing Needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives in Urban Areas



 Special circumstances on tribal areas--remoteness, lack of infrastructure,
complex legal issues and other constraints related to land ownership--make it
extremely difficult to improve housing conditions in some areas, according to
the reports.  Based on the assessments of doubled up households and the number
of severely distressed housing units in tribal areas, it is estimated that
68,000 more units are needed to replace severely inadequate units and to
eliminate overcrowding in tribal areas.



 "This assessment paints a stark picture of the deep and enduring housing needs
being experienced by Native American and Alaska Native households," said HUD
Secretary Julián Castro. "It's imperative that we support tribes and continue to
produce more quality housing in communities where families are living in
overcrowded or unsuitable conditions."



 HUD's assessment includes the first nationally representative survey of
American Indian and Alaska Native households in tribal areas.  The survey
sampled 1,340 households from 38 tribal areas, with a response rate of 60
percent.  It offers information not available in existing census data or other
data, including the first scientific estimate of the "doubled-up" population in
Native American households in tribal areas as a way to afford housing or to
avoid being homeless on the street.



 Data from the national survey was supplemented with Census and American
Community Survey data, interviews with 110 tribally designated housing entities,
site visits to 22 tribal areas, a study of urban Indians, and a study of
barriers to tribal mortgage lending. The assessment is a major milestone in
measuring both the extent of the problem and federal efforts to address the
housing needs of Native Americans.



 "Our research shows that physical conditions of housing and overcrowding remain
much worse for American Indians and Alaska Natives living in tribal areas than
for other Americans," said Nancy Pindus, a senior fellow in the Urban
Institute's Metropolitan Housing and Communities Policy Center and the lead
researcher for HUD's Assessment of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native
Hawaiian Housing Needs. "In 1996, federal assistance for housing was changed to
a block grant and tribes were given the primary responsibility for planning and
operating their housing programs. Tribes have demonstrated that they can
construct and rehabilitate housing for their low-income members under this
system, but the funding amount has been eroded by inflation."



 Key findings from the Housing Needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives in
Tribal Areas report:



     Housing conditions vary by region but are substantially worse overall among
American Indian and Alaska Native households in tribal areas than among all U.S.
households, with overcrowding being especially severe.

     Physical deficiencies in plumbing, kitchen, heating, electrical, and
maintenance issues were found in 23 percent of households in tribal areas,
compared to 5 percent of all U.S. households.

     Overcrowding coupled with another physical condition problem was found in
34 percent of households in tribal areas, compared to 7 percent of all U.S.
households.

     The percentage of households with at least one "doubled-up" person staying
in the household because they have nowhere else to go was 17 percent, estimated
to be up to 84,700 people.



 Key findings from the Mortgage Lending on Tribal Land report:



     While Native Americans value homeownership as much as other Americans,
mortgage lending is limited in Indian Country because reservation land is held
in trust and cannot be used to secure a mortgage loan.

     Since 1994, nearly half of mortgage loans originated on tribal lands were
in Oklahoma (45 percent by number and 37 percent by dollar value).  The entire
state of Oklahoma is considered an 'eligible area,' has no tribal trust areas,
there are several participating lenders in the state, and many Native Americans
live in Oklahoma.



 Key findings from the Housing Needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives in
Urban Areas report:



     Native Americans are becoming more urban but are still less likely to live
in a city than other Americans.  Even within urban areas, these households often
live in census tracts within or near a village or reservation.

     American Indian and Alaska Native households are more likely to occupy
worse housing than the rest of the population and more likely to be overcrowded.


     American Indian or Alaska Native individuals leave their village or
reservation due to lack of opportunities and some people cycle back and forth
between their tribal home and a nearby primary city.

     For Native Americans who struggle to transition from a village or
reservation to an urban area, there are a specific set of challenges, including
lack of familiarity with urban life and urban housing markets, lack of
employment, limited social networks, insufficient rental or credit history, and
race-based discrimination.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Veteran learns to thrive after war and tragedy

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Veterans Affairs, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Like many Veterans, Brandon brought the war home: Combat had changed him. This
proud son of Wisconsin's Ho-Chunk Nation, whose family members include the
tribal chief and a Vietnam combat Veteran, needed help.

Encouraged by loved ones, he sought care at the Minneapolis VA -- and by using
his VA benefits to receive treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder and get
an education, this young Marine Veteran built a new life and career, producing
Native American music.

Hear and share Brandon's story.

"Anything that you might have going on," Brandon says, "that's what the VA's for
and there are plenty of people there to help you."

Brandon shared his experience in hopes of helping other Veterans. He's one of
dozens of Veterans telling their stories at Explore.VA.gov, a site that allows
Veterans to learn about and apply for the benefits they've earned.

Beyond benefits like health care and education, which all eligible Veterans may
receive, VA has programs and services specifically for Native American Veterans
like Brandon.

For instance, through a partnership with the Indian Health Service, VA is
expanding home-based primary health care services to tribal lands and adjacent
rural areas.

Direct home loans are also available to eligible Native American Veterans who
want to buy, build, or improve homes on federal trust lands through VA's Native
American Direct Loan program. (All qualifying Veterans also can use VA's home
loan guaranty program.)

VA's Office of Tribal Government Relations, established in 2011 to strengthen
collaboration between VA and American Indians and Alaska Natives who served,
coordinates these initiatives and other VA benefits, programs, and services for
Veterans living in tribal communities

Hear from Brandon and others and learn more about VA benefits for Native
American Veterans -- and all Veterans -- at Explore.VA.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                October 18, 2010

A Successful Program Surges

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4 Vol. 35 No. 5

LENGTH: 381  words


The Department of Housing and Urban Development's Section 184 Native American
mortgage program has just had its most successful year, at nearly a half-billion
dollars of home finance to American Indians and Alaska Natives.

In a year where overall mortgage lending has been stagnant, the HUD 184 has
kicked it up a gear and increased by 25% over fiscal 2009. And the program has
tripled its annual fundings since 2006 during an era of retrenchment and
disaster for the mortgage industry.

Since inception during the 1990s, total fundings are $1.8 billion for 12,062
mortgages, for an average of about $150,000 per financing.

One big reason for the jump in volume has been an increase in the number of
loans made to Native Americans off-reservation. Some 10,000 loans have been made
to Natives living on "fee simple" land (private property) vs. a little more than
2,000 to those living on tribal trust land or "allotted" trust land. (The U.S.
government holds tribal lands "in trust" for tribes or individual Indians, a
status that makes mortgages much more difficult to perfect.) That's about 16%
going to Natives who live on tribal trust or allotted land. But in fiscal 2010,
of 3,028 loans made to Indians and Alaska Natives, just 183 went to mortgages on
reservations, or about 6%, indicating an acceleration of a trend away from
reservation loans, where alternatives are scarce, to private property loans,
where alternatives are plentiful.

In fiscal 2004, for example, fully 40% of Section 184 money went to tribal trust
or allotted land. A lot of the private property loans, however, are located in
Alaska and Oklahoma, two states where reservations per se do not exist, but many
people live in Native areas there. And in fact, Oklahoma ($593 million in
volume) and Alaska ($290 million in volume) are the two states with the biggest
Section 184 volume, with nearly half the financings.

Considering that total mortgages to Native people are off by more than 60% since
the market high, Section 184 has been doing a terrific job of increasing its
numbers year to year.

But attention must be paid to the credit-starved reservations where so many are
so poorly housed, and where Section 184 has seen a numerical falloff, not an
increase. An effort should be made to boost totals there as well.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

An Indian-Owned Bank Targets Tribal Credit Needs

                            July 24, 1997, Thursday

By JONATHAN D. EPSTEIN


Flush with fresh capital from its new tribal owners, California's only Native
American-owned bank is now seeking to return the favor to all Native Americans.

Seven months ago, the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians injected more than $2
million to recapitalize Borrego Springs Bank. Now the $42 million-asset
community bank is tailoring new lending and investment programs to meet Native
American needs in California and other western states.

"The Native American community historically has been the most underserved
segment by the financial industry," said president and chief executive officer
Frank V. Riolo. "Our goal is to be the first bank that's really a true
partnership" with Indian tribes, he said.

In the past few months, the Southern California bank has opened its fourth
branch, in La Mesa, and is planning two others in Alpine and Poway, closer to
the Viejas reservation.

In addition, the bank has expanded its Small Business Administration lending
through new loan production offices in Corona, Calif.; the San Francisco Bay
Area; and Tucson, Ariz. Two more are planned, in Las Vegas and in Portland, Ore.

All of the branch and loan production office locations are in active
small-business areas and are convenient to either the Viejas tribe or other
Indian tribes in the West.

Borrego Springs is working with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to tailor
loan products for government infrastructure and economic development. And the
bank is working with consultants and a local Small Business Development Corp. to
create an eight-week training program for Native American entrepreneurs. The
bank will fund start-up businesses, which would receive temporary space in a
factory outlet mall being built by the tribe.

"We're very proud to be associated with" the bank, said Anita R. Uqualla, tribal
treasurer. "They're a company that knows their stuff, and they're moving right
along."

Finally, Borrego Springs is developing tribal trusts and mutual fund investment
pools designed for any Native American, with the help of consultants and La
Jolla, Calif.-based Scripps Bank.

In December, the tribe injected $2.4 million into the struggling bank, buying a
60% stake and installing five tribal officials on the board. The bank has
business relationships with the Viejas Band and another California tribe, and a
third tribe is considering its own investment.

"We want to reach out and help as many Native Americans as we can," said Ms.
Uqualla, who is also a Borrego Springs director. "We know how difficult it is.
We've been there, and we just want to make the process easier."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 434 words

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

On Indian Reservations, Home Loans Scarce

                          January 27, 1999, Wednesday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN

DATELINE: ISLETA, N.M.


Joe D. Lucero has a strong grip for a man of 81. Over the past 30 years, his
calloused hands have built a six-room home-and sometime gathering place for the
Isleta tribe-one room at a time, with no financial assistance from a bank.

Mr. Lucero and his wife, Lupita, are leaders of the pueblo of Isleta, a
200,000-acre reservation just 15 miles south of downtown Albuquerque, offering
counseling to the 7,000 tribe members on issues ranging from baptism to
marriage.

But they haven't been able to get a mortgage.

"When you apply, the first thing they say is 'Do you live on the reservation?'
And that stalls things," Mr. Lucero said. The stumbling block, he said, is
collateral.

The Luceros' plight is typical for the estimated 1.2 million Native Americans
living on trust lands.

Myriad obstacles to traditional financing - among them the difficulty of
underwriting loans when the title on the land cannot be transferred - force
Native Americans to build houses board by board, meeting expenses one paycheck
at a time.

From 1992 through 1996, eight lenders made just 91 conventional mortgage loans
on the 55 million acres of trust lands nationwide, according to a 1998 report by
the General Accounting Office.

Public housing programs have been the main source of new housing development for
pueblos and reservations. But a tour of New Mexico, where trust land accounts
for about 7.8 million acres or about 10% of the state, provides a stark example
of the limits of government programs.

Mobile homes are scattered everywhere on reservations, evidence of the
difficulty of getting financing on tribal trust land. With no zoning laws on the
pueblo of Isleta and other reservations, members of tribes are free to put up a
house of any type on the land assignment they receive from the tribal council.

Of the 1,153 houses on the pueblo-a mix of traditional pueblo housing, with flat
roofs; government-financed houses, with pitched roofs; and manufactured homes
and trailers-more than 75% are in substandard condition and more than half are
overcrowded, according to the Isleta Pueblo Housing Authority, the tribal
organization that focuses on housing needs. Funds from the Department of Housing
and Urban Development have been used to build 152 of the pueblo's houses.

Most of those built with adobe and vigas-long circular shafts of trees to
support the ceiling-are in disrepair, uninhabitable. Doorways and windows are
boarded up in some; in others, adobe bricks have fallen out of walls and roofs
have caved in, scattering vigas on the ground.

Only a handful of banks have been willing to venture into mortgage lending on
reservations in New Mexico. The market leader in Albuquerque is First Security
Bank of New Mexico, and it has closed fewer than 30 mortgages on reservations in
the last three years.

"There is such a tremendous need for housing and there is no housing stock out
there," said Paul Jurkowski, community reinvestment officer for New Mexico
residential mortgage lending at First Security, part of First Security Corp. of
Salt Lake City.

But the problem of trust land is hardly insurmountable, he said. "The biggest
obstacle to homeownership is lack of information."

Lending on tribal trust land is not impossible, but it is unusually cumbersome.
The borrower needs a residential land lease approved by the tribe, which entails
a survey and approval by the tribal council. And the Bureau of Indian Affairs
requires environmental and cultural resource assessments before signing off on
the residential lease and title status report.

For the mortgage business, which thrives on volume, setting up an adequate staff
is another issue. Native Americans live primarily in isolated rural areas,
making it more costly to lend, said Jim Stretz, executive director of the New
Mexico Housing Finance Authority, which functions like an in-state,
government-sponsored enterprise. The remote locations mean most reservation
homes lack running water, electricity and telephones.

On average, Native Americans have larger families, lower incomes, and fewer
college graduates than the general population. The poverty rate is more than
double that of the population at large, according to the New Mexico Mortgage
Finance Authority.

When the Luceros moved into their house, it had just one room but no bathroom or
running water. Until recently the house was heated only by a wood stove. The
original room, now used as a bedroom, dates back to the 1850s.

As a visitor walked through this and other traditional homes on the Isleta
pueblo, one architectural detail stood out: There are no hallways. That is
because building room by room has been the only affordable way to create a home.

Mr. Lucero has done all the electrical, structural, plastering, and drywall work
himself, often using recycled materials he bought at auction.

To finance his repairs and home expansion, Mr. Lucero used some of his family's
resources as well as grants from the tribe. "We're very fortunate the tribe has
a little money and they were able to help me out with an extra bathroom and
running water," he said.

The self-financing route can be arduous. Norbert Lucero, the Luceros' son, has
been working on his house nearby for 20 years. It is still an unfinished wooden
frame.

"There's a lot of men and women who would get help from the bank," the elder Mr.
Lucero said. "Houses are always in need of repair and remodeling. And nowadays,
it's keep up with the Joneses.'"

Financial services in general are a relatively new concept on Native American
reservations. Banks have played a role in providing basic financial services,
such as auto loans and checking or savings accounts.

But when it comes to making mortgage loans, many Native American leaders note,
most banks are apprehensive. While some pueblos are working to establish
relationships with banks, others have plans to underwrite mortgages on their
own.

The government has long played a role through the departments of Housing and
Urban Development and of Veterans Affairs, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and the
Agriculture Department's Rural Housing Service. Grants, subsidies, loan
guarantees, and insurance have been used to provide housing assistance with
owner-occupied and rental homes.

But the shortcomings of government programs led to the Native American Housing
and Self Determination Act of 1996, which refashions HUD-assisted Native
American housing programs into block grants that may be made directly to a
tribal government. The law has given tribal housing entities nationwide more
flexibility in how they use federal funds.

For fiscal year 1998, the pueblo of Isleta received $1.1 million, which its
housing authority plans to use for rehabilitating substandard housing.

But tribes are also waiting for banks to step up to the plate. Isleta has a list
of more than 300 families waiting for houses.

At one point the Luceros had 12 people living with them and only one bathroom,
said their daughter, Stephanie Zuni, a homeownership counselor with the Pueblo
Housing Authority.

"Twenty-five years ago, it was accepted that three families live in a
household," she said. "Now it's not."

Native American housing loans are just a fraction of 1% of First Security of New
Mexico's mortgage business.

Even so, "First Security is an example of a bank doing better than most," said
Christopher D. Boesen, executive director of the National American Indian
Housing Council, an advocacy organization. In Albuquerque "they're the only ones
considering the pueblos as part of their market," he said.

The majority of First Security's loans have been section 248 loans, made under
the housing department's FHA mortgage insurance program, Mr. Jurkowski said. The
section 248 program enables the bank to refinance mobile homes and manufactured
housing units, of which there are many on reservations.

The bank has a pipeline of about seven loans for rehabilitation or refinancing
and another seven loan requests under consideration, Mr. Jurkowski said.

One homeowner in the Tortilla Flats subdivision at the pueblo of San Juan, north
of Espanola, said the bank was very helpful, but he complained that the Bureau
of Indian Affairs took eight months to return closing documents.

"What really irked me," he said, "was when I finally saw what I had been waiting
for. It was a signature."

Another difficulty Native Americans have in trying to get a HUD or FHA mortgage
loan is that both require some type of construction warranty, said Denise Chee,
an attorney at Chee Law Offices in the Isleta pueblo.

"Most people can't get that, because they've built the home on their own," she
said. "They haven't sought the expertise of a professional builder."

Meanwhile, for Joe and Lupita Lucero and their family, there is still much work
to be done on their houses. Moisture has damaged a wall of the Luceros' oldest
room, and they plan to expand the kitchen to accommodate the guests who flow in
and out of their home.

It is always open to members of the tribe. Sometimes guests are drawn by the
aroma of Mrs. Lucero's bread baking in their outdoor oven, or of her chili stew
cooking inside. But people also just knock on the door and enter because they
need a place to stay.

Thursday: Norwest's initiatives on the Navajo reservation

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1566 words

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: First in a Series

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 13, 1995

FHLB of Seattle Funds Indian Housing in Utah and Montana

BYLINE: By GEORGIA STEELE NMN Correspondent

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle is awarding $ 850,000 in targeted grants
to help financial institutions fund the construction and rehabilitation of 549
homes for Native Americans living on the Navajo Reservation in Utah and the Crow
Reservations in Montana.

The grants are the first provided by the FHLB to support housing on Native lands
since the Bank began its outreach efforts in the region's Native American
communities last year.

The Bank is providing the funding through its Affordable Housing Program (AHP),
which offers targeted grants and reduced-rate loans to help financial
institutions support community organizations with the development of affordable
housing.

According to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, nearly 50,000 new homes are needed
and 38,0000 more are in need of renovation on Native lands across the country.
"With nearly 30% of the country's tribal trust lands located in our region, we
want to ensure that our financial institution customers have the necessary tools
to serve the Native American citizens in their communities," said James R.
Faulstich, president and chief executive officer of the FHLB of Seattle.

"These grants are the culmination of our efforts to educate lenders and tribal
housing officials about programs to support housing on Native lands.  We are
very excited that our outreach efforts have been successful and hope that they
will steadily increase the flow of funding to Native Americans," he said.

The Seattle Bank's outreach efforts include the publication of a resource guide
containing the first complete directory of financial programs to support housing
development for Native Americans, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians.

The first publication of its kind, "Bringing Private Resources to Native Lands,"
provides a catalog of housing programs that offer direct loans and Federal
subsidies, or provide loan guarantees and mortgage insurance to aid financial
institutions in making mortgage loans on restricted Native lands.

Seventy-eight percent of all Native lands in the continental U.S. carry landuse
restrictions that hamper the lending community's ability to provide credit.

"Bringing Private Resources to Native Lands" has been widely utilized in Native
American housing seminars nationwide, and more than 4,000 copies are in
circulation.

The Seattle FHLB furthered its outreach efforts in June 1994, when its staff
joined representatives of the Federal Home Loan Banks of San Francisco and
Dallas, and Federal and state housing officials, on the Navajo Reservation where
they met with tribal administrators to discuss ways in which the 12 Federal Home
Loan Banks can aid the flow of funds for housing onto reservation lands (see
related story).

"By initiating a dialogue among government officials, lenders and tribal
leaders, the meeting was a valuable first step toward bringing mortgage credit
to restricted lands and improving housing conditions for Native Americans," said
Nicolas P. Retsinas, assistant secretary for housing at the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development, and a participant in the Navajo meeting.  "The
need for decent housing on reservations is critical (and) the Federal Home Loan
Banks are committed to finding viable solutions for Native communities in need
and providing crucial dollars in the form of AHP grants," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Tribes Take to Bonding
Indian Nations Expected to Issue More Debt

                             May 2, 2001, Wednesday

By Alex Maurice



American Indian tribal governments likely will increase their issuance of
tax-exempt bonds as their infrastructure needs increase and they develop greater
sophistication in accessing the capital markets, according to an official at the
Native American Finance Officers Association and a report issued this week by
Fitch.

Jeffrey Lamb, the president of NAFOA, said Native American tribal governments,
which are considered sovereign nations, traditionally have relied on cash
payments and bank financing for infrastructure improvements.

"A lot of the tribes pay cash, but now they are starting to operate as
governments and issue debt," said Lamb, who is also the first vice president at
Miller & Schroeder Investments in Minneapolis. "As tribes are getting more and
more sophisticated they are starting to look to the capital markets for more and
more financing."

Katherine S. McManus, managing director at Fitch, said "right now seems to be a
time in which more tribes are looking at whether the capital markets are
appropriate for them."

Fitch on Monday issued a special report, "Tribal Governments in the Bond
Markets," that anticipates an increase in the issuance of bonds and outlines
ratings criteria for tribal governments.

"Unlike state and local governments, tribal governments for the most part have
been limited to borrowing money through commercial bank loans or privately
placed debt offerings," states the report. "This limited access to capital has
been due partly to credit issues and partly to legal issues."

"However, this historical pattern is changing," the report continues. "In recent
years, tribal governments have increasingly sought and gained access to the
larger capital markets, especially for tax-exempt debt."

The report notes, "When analyzing tribal credits, Fitch uses a combination of
ratings techniques usually applied to sovereigns, local governments,
corporations, and structured finance. A higher grade credit ordinarily requires
a history of balanced or improving fiscal operations, conservative fund
management, stable government, legal enforceability of the debt obligations, and
a borrowing structure that emphasizes timely repayment."

Lamb said "the initiative by Fitch to develop a rating system for Native
American credits will open new financial markets."

"Potential lenders to Indian Country who have resisted making loans to Native
American tribes because of their inability to adequately assess the risk will
for the first time be able to look toward a consistent standard to making this
decision," he said. "What it should mean to the Native American nations is a
much larger pool of options for their debts, which should mean lower rates."

Paul Savage, chief executive officer of Native Nations Securities, a Native
American investment bank, also anticipated an increase in bond issuance by
tribal governments. "It is central to our business plan to help finance more
municipal-like projects in Indian Country," he said.

Lamb said that similar to state and local governments, Native American tribes
need infrastructure improvements on their lands, including construction and
rehabilitation of roads, water and power facilities, and schools.

Lamb estimated that among the 555 Native American tribes in the United States,
approximately 50 have issued tax-exempt and taxable bonds. The majority of bonds
were either general obligation or revenue bonds.

He said that in Arizona alone, an estimated $1 billion in capital funding is
needed on the Native American reservations. Nationwide, Lamb said "easily $4
billion to $5 billion" and probably more is needed for capital projects.

In the next 12 months, $500 million in bonds likely will be issued by Native
American tribes, he said.

Besides infrastructure, tribal governments also use bonds to finance casino
construction and expansion, said Craig Parmelee, a director for Standard &
Poor's, which in December 2000 issued a report entitled, "Gaming Moves American
Indian Tribes Toward Self-Sufficiency."

"As it pertains to casino development, I would expect that there would be an
increase" in tax-exempt bond issuance, he said.

Native American tribal governments, however, face unique and extraordinary
regulatory and legal hurdles when issuing bonds, because they are considered
sovereign entities that exist within the United States. For example, a tribal
government cannot operate a casino facility with Las Vegas-style games unless it
has come to an agreement or "compact" with the state in which the casino is
located, even if it is on reservation land.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 779 words

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Katherine S. McManus

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2016 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                      2016

                           American Indian Law Review

                            41 Am. Indian L. Rev. 1

LENGTH: 10701 words

ARTICLE: CAPITAL, INEQUALITY, AND SELF-DETERMINATION: CREATING A SOVEREIGN
FINANCIAL SYSTEM FOR NATIVE AMERICAN NATIONS

NAME: W. Gregory Guedel, Ph.D. * & J.D. Colbert **

BIO:



   * J.D. Colbert (Chickasaw/Muscogee-Creek) is president and CEO of Holisso
Hakv Inc. a banking, financial and mergers and acquisitions consulting advisory
firm. Mr. Colbert has a nearly forty-year history of accomplishments in banking
and economic development matters. He is active in legal, regulatory and policy
formation in the areas of banking, Federal-Indian policy and community and
economic development.


   ** W. Gregory Guedel, Ph.D. is an attorney with the law firm of Hobbs Straus
Dean & Walker LLP, and his legal practice focuses on strengthening economic
development, governmental institutions, and community resources within Native
American nations. Dr. Guedel is a member of the American Bar Association
Committee on Native American Concerns and served as Chair for nine years, and is
the author of the book Strategies and Methods for Tribal Economic Development:
Building Sustainable Prosperity in Native American Communities.

   For their tremendous contributions to the creation of this work, the authors
give thanks and appreciation to Francella Colbert (Pueblo of Isleta/Navajo),
Holisso Hakv Inc.; Dr. C. Blue Clark (Muscogee-Creek), Oklahoma City University
School of Law; Jeanette C. Timmons, Partner, Conner & Winters; Vince Logan
(Osage), United States Special Trustee for American Indians; Professors Jose
Antonio Lucero, Saadia Pekkanen, Glennys Young, and Sara Curran of the
University of Washington Jackson School of International Studies; John Bley,
Lauren King (Muscogee-Creek), and Laura White of Foster Pepper PLLC; and Dr.
Christina Wygant of the University of Washington Comparative History of Ideas
program, whose vision and support makes all things possible.

 TEXT:
 [*2]  Executive Summary

   The existing financial system in the United States is not working for Native
Americans. The aggregate data on chronic Native American poverty, unemployment,
and lack of reservation business activity indicates a substantial disconnect
between tribal communities and traditional sources of development capital such
as banks, credit unions, and other commercial lenders. Structural conditions in
tribal communities do not embody the legal elements or collateral base required
by commercial banks to provide loans and credit for Native American economic
development. What tribal communities need is a new financial system, built upon
an understanding of the unique economic and legal conditions of Native American
nations, to provide access to capital on terms that are structurally and
culturally consistent with the realities of Native American life.

   This policy paper describes an innovative program to create a new financial
institution that can facilitate much-needed access to capital and affordable
financial services for Native American nations: the Tribally Chartered Bank
(TCB). The TCB would be a new banking system--rather than a new bank under the
existing system--that would be chartered under tribal law and regulated by an
independent tribally appointed governing  [*3]  body. Organized under the
sovereign authority of one or more tribal governments and free from the
short-term focus of publicly listed banks, the TCB would offer a means for
tribes to secure the "patient capital" required for long-term economic and
infrastructure development.  n1 The potential benefits of the TCB for Native
American communities are substantial and far-reaching, including:


     . direct capital investment into reservation businesses, housing, and
     infrastructure;

     . a long-term approach to access and ROI on capital, designed
     specifically for the Native American paradigm;  n2

     . lending standards based on tribal needs and conditions, not bank
     shareholder demands;

     . opportunities to become the primary banking institution for emerging
     businesses such as legal cannabis and online gaming;

     . embracing a culture of creativity and innovation in financial
     products, processes, and technology.

   The TCB's organizational structure and operational activities can be designed
for mutually beneficial integration into existing American/global financial
networks through:


     . a compact for cooperative oversight with U.S. agencies, providing
     transparency and legitimacy;

     . utilizing existing and accepted financial infrastructure such as
     SWIFT and NACHA; and

      [*4]  . deploying state-of-the-art FinTech to enhance efficiency and
     reliability for transactions.

   The TCB would be an institutional means for Native American nations to
address and improve the chronic conditions of poverty, unemployment, and
underdevelopment within their communities. Tribes would create the financial
system to recognize specific conditions and serve the unique needs of their
members. By providing support for the formation and operations of the TCB, the
U.S. government would also provide substantive redress for its historical
policies that have directly resulted in the deleterious economic conditions
experienced by tribes. In contrast with traditional banks that are constrained
by the legal strictures of federal or state charters, the TCB would embody the
beneficial flexibility of tribal laws and sovereignty, and provide a powerful
instrument for enhancing Native American self-determination.

I. Introduction

   The economic and related development conditions of Native American nations
and their members chronically and severely lag behind accepted standards for the
rest of the United States. One-third of reservation-based Native Americans fall
below the poverty line, and aggregate Native American unemployment is twice the
U.S. average.  n3 Tribal governments, unable to spur economic development within
reservation territories and operating without a typical municipal tax base,
struggle to provide even the most basic services and infrastructure.  n4 The
significant and chronic disparity in economic advancement between the Native
American population and the U.S. average is illustrated by comparative
unemployment rates, reflecting their progression prior to, during, and after the
recent "Great Recession":

    [*5]   Table 1. United States National Unemployment Rates

   Note: "American Indian" refers to individuals identifying as American Indian
or Alaska Native alone or in combination with another racial category.

   Source: EPI analysis of basic monthly Current Population Survey micro data.
n5

   With these economic and human security conditions, it is little wonder some
commentators have described Native American nations as the "fourth world."  n6

   A fundamental element for any economic development program is access to
capital, which makes purchases, investments, and asset building
possible--increasing and sustaining economic activity. Although the United
States controls more capital than any other nation, access to this capital is
uneven within the country and numerous communities struggle to obtain funding
for basic development.  n7 Nowhere is this inequality more starkly evident than
in Native American nations, where poverty, unemployment, the prevalence of "food
deserts," and other symptoms of scarce capital  [*6]  manifest at far higher
rates than the national average.  n8 According to a report published by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, "insufficient access to capital" is a
primary challenge to economic development in Native American nations.  n9

   From Marx to Piketty, economists and scholars have understood the
importance--and bemoaned the unequal distribution--of global capital for the
better part of 200 years. Marx identified capital as a "social power," without
which people "cannot become masters of the productive forces of society."  n10
In Capital in the Twenty-First Century, Piketty recognizes that "[b]efore
production can begin, funds are needed for equipment and office space, to
finance material and immaterial investments of all kinds, and of course to pay
for housing."  n11 For Native American communities, the chronic lack of
available capital has caused development to stagnate in all of these basic
elements of their economies.

   One element of the inequality of capital distribution in the United States is
particularly unusual and counterintuitive from an economic perspective. In
general, having a presence within a particular territory for an extended period
of time is an advantage for a community of people in accumulating capital
available within that area.  n12 Yet in the United States, extreme longevity of
presence does not correlate with increased wealth--in fact, the opposite has
manifested. Native Americans resided within the territory of the United States
for thousands of years prior to European contact, yet today the small amount of
land and resources they own and control is effectively "dead capital" that
cannot be leveraged to create development opportunities.  n13 In essence, those
who have lived in the United States the longest have accumulated the least, and
for Native Americans this historical  [*7]  anomaly has resulted in a situation
where, according to Piketty, "[t]he past devours the future."  n14

   For Native American nations, the lack of access to capital inhibits their
ability to finance new projects such as housing, business development, and
renewable energy that would benefit both the tribal communities and the United
States.  n15 Yet despite their difficulty in accessing capital, Native American
nations possess significant potential for economic growth based on untapped
resources, land, and sovereignty.  n16 The transformative opportunity embedded
in this potential is beginning to inspire creative approaches to new development
pathways, with tribal finance expert Gavin Clarkson identifying Native American
nations as "America's domestic emerging market."  n17 Harnessing this potential
and implementing development programs that can have a real impact on conditions
within tribal communities will require not only inventive thinking, but also the
creation of new and innovative economic institutions.

   Commenting on the current state of global capital distribution, Bill Gates
has noted that "governments can play a constructive role in offsetting the
snowballing tendencies" of inequality in access to capital when they embody the
will to do so.  n18 In the government-to-government relationship between the
United States and Native American nations, the federal and tribal governments
have a mutual interest in facilitating the enhancement of Native American
economic and human security development. Moreover, such work is directly
connected to the U.S. government's legal obligations as a signatory to the
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.  n19 The
Articles relating to economic development address these obligations:


      [*8]  Article 21

     1. Indigenous peoples have the right, without discrimination, to the
     improvement of their economic and social conditions, including, inter
     alia, in the areas of education, employment, vocational training and
     retraining, housing, sanitation, health and social security.

     2. States shall take effective measures and, where appropriate,
     special measures to ensure continuing improvement of their economic
     and social conditions. . . .

     . . . .

     Article 38

     States, in consultation and cooperation with indigenous peoples, shall
     take the appropriate measures, including legislative measures, to
     achieve the ends of this Declaration.

     Article 39

     Indigenous peoples have the right to have access to financial and
     technical assistance from States and through international
     cooperation, for the enjoyment of the rights contained in this
     Declaration.  n20

   The Declaration provides direct mandates (and in fact binding obligations
under international law) for the U.S. government to take official action to
facilitate improved economic development in tribal communities. These general
obligations provide a framework for the United States to begin working with
tribal governments on new policy initiatives to address the specific
deficiencies experienced by Native American nations in accessing capital within
existing financial systems, particularly in light of the failings of those
systems so glaringly exposed by the recent financial crisis.

   The systemic breakdown in U.S. and global finance that occurred during the
"Great Recession" period of 2007-10 revealed numerous weaknesses in the
structure and performance of existing financial institutions. Subsequent  [*9]
analysis of those weaknesses has produced policy recommendations for improving
the performance and equality of access to these institutions:  n21


     . establish short, simple, and direct connections between financial
     institutions and the end-users of capital;

     . prioritize transactions that place capital into the hands of people
     who will use it for on-the-ground development activities, rather than
     transactions between financial institutions in pursuit of corporate
     profits; and

     . create specialized institutions with a direct focus on serving
     specific types of capital users and needs, with business models and
     institutional priorities based on meeting those needs.

   These policy concepts are particularly relevant for addressing the endemic
problems Native American nations experience in accessing sufficient capital to
promote economic and human security development.

II. Challenges For Tribes In Accessing Capital

   The problems Native American nations experience in accessing development
capital can be seen as arising from three primary causes: (1) the historical and
structural conditions of tribal communities; (2) the unwillingness of commercial
lenders and other mainstream capital sources to conduct business with tribes and
their members; and (3) the failure of the U.S. government to uphold and properly
manage its legal and trust obligations to facilitate capital availability.

A. Historical and Structural Problems

   Thousands of years before Europeans first took to the sea in search of the
"New World," the indigenous people of North, Central, and South America had
established unique and flourishing civilizations that stretched from the Arctic
Circle to Tierra Del Fuego. While the nations of Europe languished in the Dark
Ages, the indigenous nations of the Americas were creating scientific, cultural,
and architectural achievements that are marvelous to ponder even today.  n22 A
key element of the success of these societies was their economic activity, which
involved trade with other indigenous nations  [*10]  in combination with local
endeavors that were harmonious with the natural world and sustainable with
available resources.  n23

   The general picture of Native American political economy in the twenty-first
century is radically different from pre-Columbian times. The political
subjugation of indigenous nations by European colonizers, combined with forced
geographic dislocation from their ancestral lands and traditional trading
partners, essentially destroyed the original paradigm of economic development in
the Americas. Native American nations were forcibly removed from their ancestral
territories by the U.S. government, thereby losing both the capital value of the
land and the asset base of natural resources associated with it. This
dislocation deprived tribes of untold billions of dollars' worth of capital
producing assets, and consigned them to areas of the United States that were
considered economically undesirable by the U.S. government and American
settlers.  n24

   The land that Native American nations retained typically included several
conditions that prevent it from being effectively leveraged to obtain
development capital:


     . reservations are often located in geographically isolated areas, far
     from established commercial and population centers that could provide
     a market base for tribal economic activity, and on land that is
     commonly devoid of natural economic resources;  n25

     . tribal lands generally have a "checkerboard" of varying title
     status, limiting the ability of tribal governments and businesses to
     put their lands into productive economic use;  n26 and

     . a lack of infrastructure investment leaves many tribal nations to
     cope with inadequate roads, utilities, and communication networks for
     economic development.  n27

   A further problem, and a puzzling irony, is inherent in the sovereign lands
owned by a tribal government itself. To ensure the protections of tribal
sovereignty and prevent alienation to third parties, lands the tribal  [*11]
government holds title to are often converted into "trust land."  n28 The U.S.
government acknowledges that it holds such land "in trust" for the tribe, and
thereby extends its own legal protections over the land against potential
creditors or other outside entities.  n29 Tribal governments, however, cannot
levy property taxes upon trust lands.  n30 This creates a "Catch-22" wherein
tribes must place their land into trust in order to fully assert their sovereign
jurisdiction over those lands, but by putting the land in trust they forfeit the
sovereign capital revenue of property taxes that could be derived from their
lands. Consequently, this deprives tribal governments of a stable (and often
sizeable) revenue source that is available to almost every other jurisdiction in
the United States to provide capital for infrastructure, essential services, and
community development.  n31

B. Commercial Capital Source Problems

   Economists and development scholars have long recognized that "[f]or any
economy to grow, banking institutions must be available to help provide
individuals with standard loans, and provide small businesses and industries
with the necessary amount of capital to pay for wages, materials, and other
developmental costs."  n32 Even the Federal Reserve has noted that the shortage
of banking institutions located near Native communities is a primary barrier to
accessing capital markets.  n33 In some communities, Native Americans living on
reservations may need to travel as far as thirty miles to  [*12]  access an ATM
-- a barrier known as the "buckskin curtain."  n34 This dearth of mainstream
financial institutions has created a disproportionate unbanked population and a
vacuum into which predatory lenders such as payday loan companies have moved,
eroding tribal members' personal capital with high interest rates and fees.  n35
As a result, Native Americans often find themselves in a negative cycle where
they turn to predatory lenders because they cannot connect with traditional
lenders, and then they become ineligible for future traditional lending due to
their indebtedness to the predatory lenders.  n36

   Further still, Native-owned businesses that possess adequate collateral and
good credit histories struggle to obtain capital for operations and expansion.
n37 For example, financing of more than $ 100,000 tends to be difficult for
Native Americans and tribal nations to obtain, reflecting a seemingly unwritten
risk-underwriting threshold beyond which most banks are unwilling to lend.  n38
Even Native Americans with above average income often have difficulty financing
the purchase or improvement of a home, as banks remain wary of any reservation
based collateral for their loans.  n39

   The unwillingness of the financial regulatory bodies to adopt policies and
procedures that account for the conditions of tribal communities presents
another significant barrier to capital access. On an institutional level,
Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 appears (intentionally or otherwise)
to preclude Native American nations from obtaining status as  [*13]  "accredited
investors."  n40 The regulation thereby prevents tribal governments from
accessing and investing in various, potentially high return financial vehicles,
which further "inhibit[s] capital formation and investment in Indian Country."
n41 Tribes also do not qualify for exemption from SEC registration for bond
issues enjoyed by municipal, county and state governments, thereby greatly
inhibiting the raising of capital for street, sewer, water facilities and other
capital improvements in tribal communities.  n42

   A concurrent problem is that banks and other traditional capital sources are
reluctant to provide funding to tribal communities, as tribal sovereignty
precludes the use of standard financial security mechanisms such as property
liens, foreclosures, or repossession of goods.  n43 Tribal lands that have been
placed into trust status cannot be leveraged as collectible collateral for bank
financing, and the legal jurisdiction of tribal governments generally prevents
property seizures and sales by outside commercial and law enforcement agencies.
n44 As a result, most American financial institutions do not do business with
tribes or lend money for reservation business, housing, or other development
activities, thereby perpetuating the obstacles to economic progress in tribal
communities.  n45

   Despite federal incentives, non-native private lenders often forego providing
needed banking services to tribal members due to perceived structural risks.
n46 The fear of sovereign immunity artificially raises the risk profile of
tribal borrowers in the eyes of traditional banks, as does a lack of
understanding of tribal law and legal systems.  n47 The inability of banks to
[*14]  utilize traditional default remedies such as foreclosure and repossession
on tribal lands also contributes to an industry-wide reluctance to finance
Native American development needs.  n48

C. Conflict of Law Problems

   When banks provide loans to tribal borrowers, legal uncertainties often
manifest due to conflicts between the laws governing the activities of federal
or state chartered institutions and the sovereign legal status of tribal
nations.  n49 Issues of jurisdiction, sovereign immunity, and available rights
and remedies outlined in financial agreements between banks and tribal borrowers
have resulted in varying court opinions that confuse rather than clarify the
legal landscape.  n50 It is well defined, however, that contemporary banking law
remains ill-equipped to deal with the sovereign status of Native American
nations and their affiliated enterprises.

   A threshold challenge in applying existing financial laws to tribal
transactions is determining jurisdiction for disputes. The overlap of tribal,
federal, and state laws creates uncertainty regarding which courts can exercise
personal and subject matter jurisdiction when a tribal borrower has a dispute
with a federal or state chartered bank.  n51 In Cheyenne & Arapaho Tribes v.
First Bank & Trust Co., the Tenth Circuit ruled that the tribal government
borrowers waived their sovereign immunity from state court jurisdiction by
signing contracts with First Bank & Trust Company. That court noted that while
the Tribes' accounts were subject to Oklahoma law the state court lacked
jurisdiction to resolve the dispute because it was a matter exclusively for
tribal courts.  n52 The situation for banks is further complicated when a
borrower quit-claims or otherwise transfers its interest in loan collateral to a
tribal entity after the loan is made, leaving the bank to deal with an ambiguous
legal scenario outside the scope of the parties' financing negotiations.  n53

    [*15]  Current banking laws have difficulty accounting for complex
multi-party deals involving a lender, a tribe, and the U.S. government.  n54
Banks are subject to uncertainty regarding whether the terms of a deal they make
with a tribe are enforceable if the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) or other
federal agency also has an interest in the transaction. For example, a bank's
right to apply the deposit of a depositor to offset that depositor's debt has
been held to be limited once the bank has notice of a third party interest in
the funds on deposit.  n55 When a bank has knowledge that a third party, such as
the BIA, has an interest in funds deposited in the account of a tribal borrower,
the account must be considered special and the bank is prohibited from
exercising any claimed right of set-off.  n56 Banks are also precluded from
setting off the indebtedness of a tribal enterprise against tribal cash deposits
if the deposits are considered federal appropriations of revenue-sharing funds
between the United States and the tribe.  n57

   In situations where a federal agency has an interest in a tribal transaction,
banks often find themselves limited in their ability to obtain relief from the
United States if the parties fail to fulfill contractual obligations. For
example, in Montana Bank of Circle, N.A. v. United States, the Court of Federal
Claims held: (1) the failure of the BIA and an Indian-chartered corporation to
enter a formal lease agreement underlying a bank loan was not a breach of
contract the bank could enforce; (2) the bank could not recover as a third-party
beneficiary; and (3) the statute requiring approval of Secretary of the Interior
and Commission of Indian Affairs for a contract cannot be interpreted as
mandating compensation by the United States for losses suffered as a result of
contracts with third parties that were approved.  n58 Such uncertainties
increase the risk profile for banks in considering loans to tribes, thereby
reducing the approval rates for tribal loan applications.

   Another uncertainty that shadows tribal lending is whether a particular loan
agreement is even enforceable in the first place. Banks have suffered unexpected
losses in tribal loan transactions when they subsequently discovered that their
agreement with the tribe lacked required approval from the federal government.
In Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. v. Lake of the  [*16]  Torches Economic Development
Corp., a trust indenture was held to be an unapproved "management contract," and
was thus void under the Indian Gaming Regulation Act.  n59 Lack of clarity as to
which transactions may be subject to tribe specific laws, such as the Indian
Gaming Regulatory Act, repeatedly results in wasted legal efforts by banks and
the dismissal of cases on jurisdictional grounds.  n60

   Moreover, the First Circuit illustrated in Penobscot Indian Nation v. Key
Bank of Maine that tribes also experience uncertainty regarding federal
approvals and protections for their deals and assets.  n61 The Penobscot court
rejected the tribe's assertion that a business loan for a fee simple land
purchase was unenforceable due to a lack of approval of the agreement from the
Secretary of the Interior under 25 U.S.C. § 81, holding that


     reading § 81 to apply to Indian lands purchased in fee simple for
     business reasons contradicts the statute's purpose and its drafters'
     intentions. Even those courts that have propounded a broad reading of
     § 81's "relative to [Indian] lands" component, moreover, have not
     found that this phrase refers to Indian fee lands.  n62


It can also be difficult for banks to obtain viable security interests in
tribespecific collateral such as an individual's right to receive future per
capita payments, the issuance of which has been held to be a matter of exclusive
discretion for the tribal government.  n63

   Banks and existing banking laws have chronically failed to recognize the
specific socio-economic conditions and needs within tribal communities.
Problematic federal laws struggle to allocate trust assets to Native Americans
based on troubling racial categorizations such as "mixed-bloods" and
"full-bloods."  n64 Lack of experience on the part of traditional banks in
handling trust funds and other restricted assets on behalf of Native American
children has long been a problem, resulting in allegations of  [*17]
mishandling of trust obligations and illegal activity that deprives families of
much-needed financial assets.  n65 Banks in some cases have been held to only
nominal fiduciary standards in their dealings with tribal customers, being
obligated only to avoid "material deception" in handling tribal transactions.
n66

   Federal courts have also been part of the problem by frequently demonstrating
a distinct lack of understanding regarding the evolving nature of tribal
economics and business activities. For example, transactions occurring off
reservation are of increasing importance to tribal nations and businesses, yet
in Little Horn State Bank v. Crow Tribal Court the District Court of Montana
denied relief sought by tribal borrowers in a repossession case because "[t]his
transaction occurred outside the exterior boundaries of the reservation and is
not of tribal importance."  n67

   Conflicts are presently emerging between state and Tribal laws regarding
short-term lending products, which are often provided to borrowers through
online portals accessible nationwide. These conflicts complicate the electronic
lending landscape within the United States and produce legal actions that can
require the participation of tribes in widespread jurisdictions.  n68 Resolving
the inherent legal conflicts between traditional lenders and tribal borrowers
calls for a new legal regime that can adequately account for the sovereignty,
legal status, and the unique economic conditions of Native American nations.

D. U.S. Government Trust Management Problems

   An exacerbating factor that compounds the financial struggles of Native
American nations is their inability to gain full access to capital and economic
resources they already own. Dating back to the nineteenth century, the U.S.
government has assumed a fiduciary trust responsibility on behalf of Native
American nations and their members to manage cash, land, and natural resources
worth tens of billions of dollars.  n69 Among the many trust activities it
undertakes, the U.S. government leases surface use and mineral rights on tribal
property and is responsible for depositing the monetary proceeds from such
activities into capital accounts the United  [*18]  States manages for tribes
and individual Native Americans.  n70 In theory, this trust concept was designed
to protect tribes and their members from exploitation by outside parties, and to
help the tribal asset base grow for the benefit of future generations.
Unfortunately, the various federal agencies in charge of trust assets have
chronically mismanaged them, and the amount of actual capital made available for
beneficial use by tribal communities is only a small fraction of the true value
of the assets--effectively turning those assets into "dead capital."  n71

   Prior to instituting the tribal "trust lands" policy (with its attendant
problems noted above), the U.S. government undertook a radically different
approach from the late nineteenth to mid-twentieth century. During this
"termination era," the federal government sought to end tribal ownership of land
altogether through a policy that would create, in the words of President
Theodore Roosevelt, "a mighty pulverizing engine to break up the tribal mass."
n72 The U.S. government ordered the "termination" of ownership of lands by
tribal governments, with fee simple ownership of those lands being allotted in
shares to individual tribal members. Two primary results followed, both of which
devastated the potential land-capital base of Native American nations:


     (1) unscrupulous real estate speculators acquired (legally or
     otherwise) vast tracks of the most desirable properties previously
     owned by tribal governments and paid negligible value to tribal
     members for their lands. This deprived tribal communities of both the
     short and long-term capital value of the land that the "termination"
     policy was ostensibly designed to provide; and

     (2) due to a failure of the U.S. government to provide an orderly
     process for trans-generational ownership succession of allotted tribal
     lands, the land that remained in tribal members' ownership became
     increasingly fractionated over time. Today, many parcels of land
     within reservations have dozens (sometimes hundreds) of owners, each
     holding a small percentage of the property title. This fractionation
     of ownership makes beneficial  [*19]  economic use of the land almost
     impossible, as securing sale/lease authorizations from so many owners
     is often unattainable.

   Beyond the misguided and destructive policies regarding tribal lands, the
United States further deprived tribes of capital generated from their retained
territory. During the twentieth century and continuing today, the Department of
Interior has taken responsibility for stewarding the oil/mineral leases and
other resource-based revenue on over 56 million acres of tribal land.  n73 The
federal trust relationship requires the United States to effectively manage the
"acquisition, disposal, rights-of-way, leasing and sales" of tribal land
resources, and assist tribes "in the management, development, and protection of
trust land and natural resource assets."  n74 Unfortunately, gross mismanagement
of these assets became the norm, depriving Native American communities of vast
sums of desperately needed capital.

   The most prominent example of trust mismanagement leading to the destruction
of Native capital is reflected in the recent "Cobell Settlement."  n75 While
serving as Treasurer of the Blackfeet Nation, Ms. Eloise Cobell discovered
irregularities in the federal management records of funds held in trust by the
United States for the benefit of hundreds of thousands of Native Americans. In
many instances, Ms. Cobell discovered no records at all. Working with the
Intertribal Monitoring Association, she attempted in the 1980s and 1990s to
convince the responsible federal government agencies of the need for procedural
reform and an accounting of the trust funds. When the reform effort failed to
achieve progress, Ms. Cobell initiated a class action lawsuit in federal court
to force the administrative reform and compel an accounting from the U.S.
government of the trust funds belonging to individual Native Americans.  n76

   After several trials over thirteen years, the federal agencies responsible
for managing trust funds for Native Americans effectively admitted they could
not produce a reasonable accounting of their actions.  n77 It was clear  [*20]
from the evidence that for decades, billions of dollars in revenue collected by
the government--money that was gained from the lease of tribal lands that should
have gone into trust for native people--had simply disappeared.  n78 The exact
amount of money that was unaccounted for has never been determined, due
primarily to the government's failure to keep even basic records of the business
transactions occurring on tribal lands. Ultimately, the Cobell trust litigation
was resolved in a settlement whereby the U.S. government pledged a total of $
4.3 billion in restitution and supporting programs for tribal communities--but
the average settlement payment check received by individual Native Americans was
only $ 1,000.  n79

   The inability of Native American nations to unlock and utilize capital that
should be available to them has severely limited their development progress. The
combination of these structural, commercial, and intergovernmental factors has
brought the lack of available capital for tribal communities to a point of
socio-economic crisis. In response, in 2015 the United States Senate conducted
hearings to investigate the problems and seek pathways toward solutions.

III. United States Senate Oversight Hearing on Access to Capital in Indian
Country

   On June 17, 2015, the United States Senate conducted a public inquiry
entitled the "Oversight Hearing on Accessing Capital in Indian Country." The
purpose of the hearing was to explore means for tribes "to improve access to
capital and their experiences working with Federal partners" and "help Indian
communities to prosper and to enjoy healthier lives."  n80 The Oversight Hearing
was chaired by Senator John Barrasso (R-Wyoming), Chairman of the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, and participants included Senator Michael Crapo
(R-Idaho), Senator Al Franken (DMinnesota), Senator Jon Tester (D-Montana),
Alejandra Castillo (National Director, Minority Business Development Agency),
Derek Watchman (Chair, National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development), Ross Hill (CEO, Bank2), and Dante Desiderio (Executive Director,
Native American Finance Officers Association).  n81

    [*21]  The Oversight Hearing produced a number of key findings regarding the
current state of capital access for Native American nations:


     . Economic development and the capital necessary for that development
     are significant needs in Native communities. This development relies
     on capital to start, support, and maintain businesses of all sizes;

     . Native and tribal-owned businesses face unique challenges beyond
     those that non-native businesses in general face. For example, many
     tribes are located in remote areas, far away from transportation,
     distribution, or communication systems suitable for sustainable
     commerce;

     . Individual Native Americans do not own as many small businesses
     compared to other demographic groups. For the most part, they also do
     not receive business or financial assistance from tribes. Native-owned
     businesses, however, tend to employ more people than those operated by
     small business owners in other demographic categories, thereby
     offering a greater potential impact on employment levels if adequately
     funded for growth; and

     . Cost-effective capital for Native American nations is lacking in
     both access and effectiveness in meeting the intended purposes, i.e.,
     the limitations on the use of capital imposed by lenders render tribes
     unable to deploy it where it is needed most.  n82

   The testimony of the Senators and witnesses participating in the Oversight
Hearing provided further insight into the specific conditions and challenges
Native American nations and their members confront in seeking capital to advance
their development programs. The clear consensus from the Oversight Hearing is
that a substantial and urgent need for increased access to capital exists for
tribal communities, as the mainstream financial institutions and federal
government programs have chronically proven themselves inadequate in providing
funding opportunities for economic and community development. The findings of
the U.S. Senate mandate a new and more effective institutional and
government-to-government partnering approach for increasing the capital
available to Native American nations.

    [*22]  IV. A Sovereign Solution -- The Tribally Chartered Bank

   In order to overcome their chronic lack of access to capital, Native American
nations cannot hope to rely on improvements within the existing financial
systems. Indeed, the structural format and economic priorities of those systems
virtually ensure the continuation of the status quo, where tribal communities
are overlooked, underserved, and struggle to obtain negligible amounts of
capital to advance their development. Native American nations must therefore
disrupt this inertia by introducing a new dynamic element into the landscape of
financial institutions.

   To that end, a new Tribally Chartered Bank system (TCB) could provide an
innovative solution to the problem of insufficient capital for tribal
development within for tribal communities.  n83 This Section describes the legal
basis, organizational structure, and potential benefits of the TCB for Native
American nations, their partners, and the tribal citizens they represent.

A. Concept Plan and Benefits

   The TCB is a proposed banking system--rather than a new bank under the
existing system--that would be chartered under tribal law and regulated by a
tribally appointed governing body. Organized under the sovereign authority of
one or more tribal governments and free from the short-term focus of publicly
listed banks, the TCB would offer a means for tribes to secure the "patient
capital" required for long-term economic and infrastructure development. The
potential benefits of the TCB for Native American communities are substantial
and far-reaching, including:


     . direct capital investment into reservation businesses, housing, and
     infrastructure;

      [*23]  . a long-term, "patient capital" approach to access and ROI on
     capital investments, designed specifically for the Native American
     paradigm;

     . lending standards based on tribal needs and conditions, not bank
     shareholder demands;

     . facilitation and leveraging of existing federal loan guarantee
     programs for tribal communities;

     . opportunities to become the primary banking institution for emerging
     businesses such as legal cannabis and online gaming; and

     . embracing a culture of creativity and innovation in financial
     products, processes and technology by the TCB and the tribal bank
     regulatory body.

   The TCB's organizational structure and operational activities can be designed
for mutually beneficial integration into existing American/global financial
networks through:


     . compacting for cooperative oversight with U.S. agencies, providing
     transparency and legitimacy;

     . utilizing existing and accepted financial infrastructure such as
     SWIFT and NACHA; and

     . deploying state-of-the-art FinTech to enhance efficiency and
     reliability for transactions.

   The TCB would be an institutional means for Native American nations to
address and improve the chronic conditions of poverty, unemployment, and
underdevelopment within their communities. By providing support for the
formation and operations of the TCB, the U.S. government would also provide
substantive redress for its historical policies that have directly resulted in
the deleterious economic conditions experienced by tribes. In contrast with
traditional banks that are constrained by the legal strictures of federal or
state charters, the TCB would embody the beneficial flexibility of tribal laws
and sovereignty, and provide a powerful instrument to enhance Native American
self-determination. Banks chartered as a TCB would also be able to organize as
tribal 17 corporations to limit their tax exposure and gain a competitive
financial advantage.  n84

    [*24]  Banks chartered under tribal law would be imbued with the sovereign
powers and immunities of tribal governments, allowing them to participate in
emerging economic opportunities such as online gaming and cannabis retailing
that federal law currently either explicitly or effectively prohibits for
federal and state chartered banks.  n85 Businesses conducting these activities
would generate cash that is presently "unbankable," as federal regulations
either prohibit or otherwise dissuade traditional commercial banks from
accepting deposits from these forms of commerce.  n86 A TCB chartered under
sovereign tribal law, however, could become the primary depository agency for
these funds, in a manner consistent with the United States Department of Justice
mandate that tribal commerce related to such activities "contain robust controls
and procedures."  n87

    [*25]  Two graphs illustrate the scale of the current and projected revenue
from online gaming activity and legal cannabis sales and the corresponding
economic opportunity for the TCB to service these revenue streams:

 Table 2 Online Gaming Revenue Base Case $ 9B by 2020

 Table 3

   These two activities are generating billions of dollars of revenue each year
- almost none of which is being put to constructive use in the existing U.S.
banking system. With federal and state chartered banks unable or unwilling to
accept deposits from these economic activities, the billions of  [*26]  dollars
in annual revenue generated from the activities instead circulates untraceably
within the "cash economy," an unregulated realm of finance that presents public
safety challenges and is highly inconvenient for legitimate commercial actors.
n88

   Substantial portions of gaming and cannabis funds are also being channeled to
off-shore accounts or money-laundering schemes, creating a huge problem for U.S.
law enforcement.  n89 The United States Department of Justice is now
specifically seeking to partner with tribal governments in "[p]reventing revenue
from the sale of marijuana from going to criminal enterprises, gangs, and
cartels."  n90 The tribal governments organizing the TCB could help resolve
these problems by entering into a compact for cooperative oversight with U.S.
financial agencies for depository receipts and reporting, thereby taking these
billions of dollars out of the hands of foreign and/or or unlawful entities and
placing them into a legitimate and regulated "on-shore" bank.

   The direct and potentially gigantic financial benefit for Native American
nations would be the TCB's ability to generate fee revenue from the financial
services it provides to these areas of commerce and to leverage the cash
deposits to provide the source capital for financing development in tribal
communities.

B. Strategic Approach

   The purpose of the TCB would not be to compete with existing banks and
replicate their standard activities, which have obviously fallen short in
funding Native American development. Instead, the TCB should focus on filling
the void commercial banks have created through their lack of service to tribal
communities, and utilize electronic technology in lieu of costly (and
commercially unnecessary) physical infrastructure for facilitating capital
transactions.

    [*27]  To that end, the TCB from conception should adopt three strategic
priorities for improving tribal access to capital:


     (1) create a culture of financial innovation, for both the scope of
     services to tribal communities and the delivery methods for those
     services;

     (2) provide banking services to under/unbanked areas of lawful
     commerce, including traditionally overlooked customers in tribal
     communities and new emerging ventures (e.g., online gaming & legal
     cannabis); and

     (3) emphasize "real time" electronic payments and settlements,
     employing affordable and readily upgradeable internet-based
     technologies.

   Building a network of traditional brick-and-mortar depository banks
accessible to all 566 federally recognized tribes would be too expensive and
take too long to have a real impact within a relevant time period. Instead, the
TCB can utilize electronic payment technology to leap forward into
next-generation banking activities, and use internet-based access to connect
with the multitude of Native American nations. In lieu of expensive multistate
marketing campaigns, the TCB can partner with national tribal organizations such
as the National Congress of American Indians and the Native American Finance
Officers Association to help inform tribal communities of the TCB's programs.

   For tribes whose economic prospects have been limited by geographic
isolation, the ability to participate in the global economy through electronic
financial transactions via a tribally chartered bank presents the opportunity to
engage with potentially limitless customers who need never set foot on the
reservation. By combining the new legal regime of a tribal banking charter with
existing technology and inherent tribal sovereignty, Native American nations can
obtain capital on their own terms for investing in self-directed economic
development. The initial step in the institutional formation of the TCB is for
the sponsoring tribe(s) to adopt a Tribal Banking Code and create a Tribal
Banking Commission.

C. The Tribal Banking Code, Tribal Banking Commission, and TCBs

The foundational legal element for the structure and operations of the TCB will
be a new Tribal Banking Code--a set of laws that authorize the TCB's creation
and govern its activities. The sponsoring tribe(s) for the TCB would undertake
the formation of the Tribal Banking Code as a  [*28]  sovereign political
action, ratified in accordance with the required procedures in the applicable
tribal Constitution(s). Although the Tribal Banking Code could be established as
an independent body of sovereign tribal law, the existing banking codes for
federal/state chartered banks should be studied for best practices and guidance.
These banking codes would help to smooth the process for acceptance of the TCB
into global financial networks.  n91 Key elements and priorities for an
effective Tribal Banking Code include:


     . threshold standards for capitalization and organization of TCB
     operations;

     . transparency, conflict of interest, and insider-dealing regulations;


     . consumer protection and public disclosure requirements;

     . compliance standards for protecting customer privacy and account
     security;

     . rigorous but efficient bank examination protocols; and

     . regular evaluations and CAMELS-type ratings of all TCB institutions.
     n92

   Although the TBC would follow tribal law, tribal legislatures should consult
with U.S. banking regulators and incorporate appropriate provisions for
compliance with major U.S. federal banking laws into the Tribal Banking Code. Of
particular importance will be compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering Act, the
Bank Secrecy Act, the PATRIOT Act, and Know Your Customer rules.  n93 This
approach will acknowledge the practical reality of the dominant status of U.S.
regulations in the global financial system, increase opportunities to obtain
beneficial technical assistance from federal agencies, and help accelerate the
implementation and acceptance of the TCB into global payment and credit systems.

    [*29]  The Tribal Banking Code could create the structural framework for the
TCB system through the establishment of a Tribal Banking Commission that will be
empowered with supervisory and regulatory authority over the banking entities
chartered in accordance with the Tribal Banking Code. The Tribal Banking
Commission will be an independent regulatory body of the tribal nation(s)
sponsoring the TCB system; it will be imbued with the sovereign powers and
immunities of the tribal government(s) and will have responsibility for the
creation, regulation, and regular examination of TCBs. The initial Commission
could be established with a Governing Board consisting of approximately five to
seven members, appointed pursuant to the tribe's internal processes for board
appointments and with the experience qualifications specified by the sponsoring
tribe(s).  n94 Ideal Board members for the Tribal Banking Commission will have
significant prior experience with commercial banking, banking law, and/or
service with a federal or state bank regulatory agency.

   The Tribal Banking Commission could also appoint a Bank Commissioner--the
Tribal Banking Commission's day-to-day operations manager and primary public
figure. An early priority for the Tribal Banking Commission and its Commissioner
should be the pursuit of a Cooperative Oversight Agreement (Compact?) with U.S.
banking regulators in order to coordinate on a co-regulation regime that will
strengthen the legitimacy of the TCB system by providing access to federal
investigative and enforcement resources for legal compliance issues.  n95 In
addition to its institutional duties, the Tribal Banking Commission should
envision and foster a culture of innovation and creativity in the financial
products, processes, and service delivery of the banks it charters.

    [*30]  The Tribal Banking Commission should be organized to be financially
self-supporting and self-sustaining, with revenue derived through fees and
assessments levied upon the banks it charters. This will be accomplished within
the Commission's primary activity: issuing bank charters to Tribally Chartered
Banks. The TCBs will be the entities that directly manage the capital within the
TCB system, provide the public interface for the system, facilitate payments and
deposits, and act as the vehicle for providing access to capital for development
in tribal communities.

   The initial TCBs will be organized as part of the overall creation of the TCB
system, and will connect directly with the sponsoring tribe(s). The Tribal
Banking Commission may also charter TCBs that are formed and owned by other
federally recognized Indian tribes. Any TCBs formed by other tribes and
chartered by the Tribal Banking Commission shall be subject to the supervisory,
regulatory, and examination authority of the Commission.

 Table 4. TCB Governance and Regulatory Structure

    [*31]  The primary mission of the TCB system is to facilitate increased
access to capital for tribal communities. An integral part of the program for
achieving this mission is facilitating existing capital access programs. As
noted during the U.S. Senate Oversight Hearing, there are numerous federal
programs that offer loans, loan guarantees, and other financing vehicles for
Native American development projects on favorable terms.  n96

   In addition to the BIA, funding programs specifically designed for Native
American nations are offered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the
Department of Energy, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the
Economic Development Agency, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and many
others.  n97 These programs are, however, chronically underutilized and have
never come close to achieving their full potential. Two primary reasons for this
failing are: (1) a lack of general knowledge about the programs within the
commercial lending community and (2) a lack of experience, and/or will, of
commercial lenders in fulfilling the federal requirements and procedures to
access the programs.  n98 The TCB will be uniquely placed to fill this gap. It
should emphasize communication and partnering with federal agencies that provide
financing support for tribal development, and in the process become the
one-stop-shop where tribal communities can learn about and participate in the
various funding programs the U.S. government offers.

   In order to efficiently achieve the goal of facilitating increased access to
capital for Native American nations, TCBs must adopt a "cutting edge" and
"lean-and-mean" approach to the scope of services they provide. Investing
capital to create traditional brick-and-mortar banking infrastructure will
reduce the amount of capital TCBs can invest back into tribal communities,
thereby undermining the driving purpose for the program. To alleviate that
issue, TCBs could initially be conceived as limited purpose banks focusing on
advanced electronic commerce, including serving as a preferred platform for
electronic payments and fund transfers for commercial and individual customers.

D. Twenty-first Century E-Commerce

   The rapidly changing nature of the ways people handle money in every day
transactions presents a prime opportunity for the TCB concept. Instead  [*32]
of withdrawing cash from the bank before making subsequent purchases, people now
simply place a card, phone, or watch next to an electronic terminal at the shop
checkout counter. Increasingly, individuals do not even leave home to make such
purchases. Instead, they use web portals such as Amazon to buy everything from
gifts to groceries; even high-capital transactions such as mortgage loans are
often completed entirely via electronic communication.  n99 By focusing on the
high technology/low infrastructure model of commerce, the TCB can participate
efficiently in the current and emerging electronic capital transactions that
will be dominant throughout the twenty-first century.

   The TCB's initial primary commercial activities should focus on realtime
electronic fund transfers, payments, and receipts. Utilizing technologies to
facilitate instantaneous electronic payments and transfers of funds could enable
the TCB to quickly integrate into fee-generating commerce streams including
debit card networks; VISA, MasterCard, and American Express systems; the use of
e-mail/e-transfer to make instant payments; membership in the NACHA electronic
payments association, the Federal Reserve wire system, and the Depository Trust
Company; and retail payment networks such as Apple Pay and PayPal.

   Focusing on electronic capital transfers will also position TCBs for
participation in the emerging e-currency commerce based on block chain platforms
such as Bitcoin.  n100 Focusing on e-commerce for fee generation, rather than
the traditional banking approach that bases revenue on interest charges of loans
will be advantageous to the operations and growth of TCBs in numerous ways,
including:


     . a reduced credit risk profile for bank assets needed to sustain
     operations;

     . lower reserve capital requirements related to operational assets;
     and

     . the ability to maintain smaller Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
     ("ALLL") than peer institutions.  n101

    [*33]  The emphasis on electronic fee-for-service to produce topline revenue
also reflects the specific realities of the TCB's mission to serve the needs of
Native American nations. The "patient capital" TCBs will provide to finance
tribal development projects will need to be structured on long-term payback
timeframes and below-market interest rates. Thus, the fee revenue from
e-commerce will be the TCBs' primary profit engine, allowing the TCBs to provide
tribal development financing on lower-profit terms that traditional banks refuse
to offer.

E. Innovation and FinTech Partnering

   Serving as the foundation for advanced commerce requires the TCB to
incorporate forward-looking technology in all of its operations. The key to
successfully implementing the vision of creating a nimble and efficient
electronic commerce enterprise is for TCBs to partner with financial technology
firms ("FinTech") that are rapidly and constantly innovating financial products.
FinTech companies are currently offering systems designed to move money rapidly
across a variety of mobile platforms; the companies also focus their business
models on connecting their technology with global financial systems and the
attendant payment and settlement regimes.  n102 These technologies facilitate
rapidly growing consumer demand for same-day payments and settlements, mobile
banking and mobile payments, seamless integration of technological platform, and
timely financial transaction reporting and tracking.

   Because only the very largest banking institutions can afford to develop
their own proprietary IT platforms and functionality, the majority of financial
institutions rely wholly upon third party FinTech providers for their core IT
processing and transaction platforms.  n103 With little to no  [*34]  control
over the core-processing platform for their financial transactions and standard
services, the average bank has a difficult time obtaining a competitive
advantage in the market because it lacks the ability to positively differentiate
their products and services. The TCB's inherent competitive advantage of tribal
sovereignty, however, presents an attractive new opportunity for FinTech
companies to become market leaders--particularly by providing electronic systems
to facilitate the previously discussed "unbankable" commerce the TCB is intended
to capture.

   The chance to become the leading provider in these emerging industries is a
lucrative proposition for FinTech providers, and the TCB could leverage this
unique opportunity to create beneficial long-term partnerships with FinTech
firms and obtain cutting-edge technology at an affordable price.

F. TCB Organizational and Chartering Process

   The creation of a paradigm-shifting financial system like the TCB requires a
methodical approach for initiating and performance-testing each aspect of the
organization structure and operational activities as they come into being. The
overall process for organizing the TCB system from conception to operational
status is illustrated in the following flowchart:

 Table 5. TCB Organizational and Chartering Process

    [*35]  The timeline for initiation and completion of the required milestones
would depend upon and be impacted by numerous factors such as the tribe's
legislative process and the timeframe for negotiating a compact for cooperative
oversight with the U.S. government, but the successful completion of a given
stage should increase the overall project momentum, e.g. creating a sound Tribal
Banking Code would help attract experts to serve on the Tribal Banking
Commission. The crucial first steps of establishing the legal codes and
regulatory structure for the TCB system could be undertaken immediately and
solely by the sponsoring tribe(s), thereby enabling the process to move forward
without reliance upon outside parties or waiting for an alignment of favorable
circumstances.

G. SWOT Analysis for the Tribally Chartered Bank

   The TCB system is a new and ambitious enterprise, and should be rigorously
scrutinized at the conceptual and operational level to determine its viability.
A SWOT analysis provides a structured planning method to evaluate the strengths,
weaknesses, opportunities and threats involved in a project or in a business
venture. For the Tribally Chartered Bank project, the SWOT analysis can be
structured using the following categories:


     Strengths: characteristics of the TCB that give it an advantage over
     others;

     Weaknesses: characteristics that place the TCB at a disadvantage
     relative to others;

     Opportunities: elements in the environment that the TCB could exploit
     to its advantage;

     Threats: elements in the environment that could cause trouble for the
     TCB.

   SWOT analysis for the TCB reveals numerous dynamic factors in each category:

    [*36]  Strengths


     . tribal sovereignty provides legal basis for competitive market
     advantages;

     . self-regulation allows TCBs to set credit standards appropriate for
     tribal communities;

     . tax advantages of tribal status enhance positive revenue margins;

     . ability to pursue presently unbanked revenue streams;

     . immediate appeal for participation by 566 Native American nations;

     . electronic service platform provides agility to predict/serve new
     commerce trends;

     . avoiding brick-and-mortar branch model allows for low Capex costs;

     . fee-for-service revenue reduces reliance upon deposit and loan
     generation;

     . shortened time to profitability because of lower overhead costs; and


     . ability to provide "patient capital" to tribes through customized
     financing terms.

Weaknesses


     . unprecedented endeavor with no equivalent pathway model;

     . must have a financially strong and fully committed Sponsoring Tribe;


     . investments from other tribes may not materialize.

     . concept perception may be tainted by prior history of "off-shore"
     banks;

     . requires FinTech partnering to implement technology platforms;

     . fear of tribal sovereignty/immunity on the part of potential non-
     tribal partners;

     . tribal deposits may require FDIC insurance, adding to administrative
     burden;

     . tribes may be reluctant to work together due to competing economic
     interests; and

     . likely requires co-regulation regime with U.S. government for
     legitimacy.

    [*37]  Opportunities


     . service to increasing numbers of Native-owned businesses;

     . ability to bank emerging commerce such as legal cannabis and online
     gaming;

     . become bank of choice for 200+ tribal casinos.

     . establish TCB as one-stop-shop for accessing federal loan guarantee
     programs;

     . "corner the market" for development financing to Native American
     nations;

     . partnerships with innovative FinTech companies readily available;

     . perfect model for banking emerging block chain currencies such as
     Bitcoin;

     . pro-business regulation from Tribal Banking Commission to entice new
     customers;

     . some existing banks may switch their charter to the Tribal Banking
     Commission; and

     . will be high-profile endeavor that can generate significant free
     positive publicity.

Threats


     . effort may be viewed as an attempt to skirt U.S. banking laws, rules
     and regulations;

     . failure to create a legally viable and operationally sound Tribal
     Banking Code;

     . inability to appoint expert personnel to Tribal Banking Commission;

     . inability to hire necessary tech/marketing experts to implement TCB
     services;

     . inability to obtain FDIC insurance and/or co-regulation agreement;

     . inability to obtain Federal Reserve Bank Master Account Number;

     . U.S. banking community may react negatively and attack the effort;

     . U.S. government refuses to co-regulate legal cannabis/online gaming
     accounts; and

     . U.S./global banking laws may conflict with TCB code provisions.

   Like any new concept and effort, the idea of the TCB system may encounter
resistance and face rejection for its unprecedented nature. All systems and
organizations are resistant to change. This is especially true in  [*38]
banking and with respect to bank regulation and supervision. Given the new and
unique nature of the TCB concept, detailed examination of the "Threats" and
inherent challenges of the program is warranted in order to ensure a realistic
assessment of the potential for success.

G. Challenges of the Tribally Chartered Bank

   Personnel/Governance. One major practical challenge to establishing a
functional Tribal Banking Commission and TCB is attracting experienced,
successful banking professionals with impeccable banking credentials. Such
professionals are a sine qua non to the bank regulatory community granting de
facto accreditation to the Tribal Banking Commission and the TCB. Many
successful and established banking professionals of high reputational regard may
be reluctant to be associated with the concept for fear that it may be, or will
become, viewed as a rogue or outside-the-law operation.

   Amending the U.S. "dual banking system" to include Tribally Chartered Banks.
From its very foundation, the United States has embraced a "dual banking
system," i.e., heretofore only banks chartered by either a state banking
department or a federal bank regulatory body have existed. The concept of a TCB
will thus upset and disrupt a static banking system with a history of over 230
years. The inertia of the extant banking system in the United States is deeply
engrained and highly resistant to change. The advent of TCBs will necessitate
far-reaching and very broad changes and adjustments of state and federal banking
laws, rules, and regulations. Such adjustments will likely not come easily or
quickly, and will require TCB stakeholders to engage in an effective campaign
with officials of the federal government.

   Weakening of Anti-Money Laundering Efforts. Another practical challenge
facing the TCB is the perception that such banks could weaken existing
anti-money laundering efforts across the United States and worldwide banking
systems. For several decades there have been increasing intergovernmental
efforts to combat illegal activities by taking steps to prevent or inhibit the
use of the banking systems to move money for unlawful purposes. The terrorist
attacks on September 11, 2001 directly led to the passage of the PATRIOT Act in
the United States and to similar legislation worldwide. These laws put
additional emphasis upon anti-money laundering efforts to combat terrorism
financing.  n104 The TCB chartered  [*39]  bank may suffer from significant
reputational risk as a potential back door to escape such heightened bank
regulatory supervision, and will need to clearly demonstrate its transparency
and legitimacy as a new partner in curbing unlawful activity.

   Reputational Risks. Yet another practical obstacle is the reputational risk
of the TCB. The present reality and history of tribally owned banks reflects a
very checkered past. On the surface, this history reflects poorly on the tribes
involved with such efforts and thus could negatively affect public perceptions
of any tribal efforts to establish a TCB. This public perception is primed by
the notion of the reservation-based "off-shore bank."  n105 This idea has been
widely promoted over the years as a way to offer the traditional Swiss-style
secrecy and numbered accounts on a United States domestic basis through Indian
tribes. Those involved in such regrettable efforts were members of the Apache
Tribe of Oklahoma and the Delaware Nation of Oklahoma. Both tribes launched
efforts in the 1990s to create banks imbued with tribal sovereignty, and both
efforts ended in ignominy, prison sentences for some, and very bad public
relations for the tribes.  n106 These and similar efforts have to some extent
poisoned the waters for tribes who wish to create a TCB in a responsible and
legally compliant manner. At least in the near term, the prior experience of
such tribal banking institutions may prove to be an extremely difficult
challenge to overcome.  n107

   The Difficulty of Achieving Comity for the Tribally Chartered Bank. There is
a possibility that the current bank regulatory infrastructure in the United
States will resist and deny the concept of a TCB. TCB stakeholders will likely
need to make a tremendous effort for the community of state and federal bank
regulators to recognize the authority of a Tribal Banking Commission. Further, a
United States Supreme Court ruling and/or an act of Congress may prove necessary
to grant comity to the Tribal Banking  [*40]  Commission and to allow a TBC to
integrate into the existing global financial systems.

   Obtaining FDIC Insurance and Federal Reserve Bank Master Account Number. Even
if the concept of a TCB becomes recognized via U.S. Supreme Court ruling or an
act of Congress, additional obstacles remain. Although it is legally possible
for most any organized group to apply for either a state or federal banking
charter, that does not mean that all applicants will actually receive such
charter. Each bank regulatory agency will thoroughly review the bank charter
application and assess the risks posed by the business plan of such application.
Many applications are denied because of the perception of undue business risks,
lack of qualified personnel in the proposed bank, insufficient capital, and/or
potential illegality in the operations of the enterprise.  n108 Accordingly,
even if the Tribal Banking Commission approves a tribal banking charter that
does not mean the FDIC will approve the charter for deposit insurance or that
the Federal Reserve will approve the charter for the issuance of a Federal
Reserve Bank master account number.

   Both FDIC insurance and a Federal Reserve Bank master account number are
indispensable components to any bank and are viewed as its lifeblood.  n109 The
power to grant these attributes lies totally outside the control of the Tribal
Banking Commission and could prove to be the Achilles' heel of the concept.

   Inability to Attract Investment Capital. In an environment of legal and/or
regulatory uncertainty with respect to the concept, the organizers of a TCB may
not be able to attract sufficient capital for launching and sustaining
operations. Potential investors may feel that the legal and regulatory
environment is too uncertain or tenuous, thus show reluctance to invest the
millions of dollars necessary to adequately capitalize a TCB. This concern may
also extend to possible perceptions of lax regulation by the Tribal Banking
Commission that could give rise to fears that invested capital may be
inefficiently applied or siphoned off via unlawful or imprudent management acts.

   Fears of Opening "Pandora's Box". Another practical threat to the TCB concept
is fear among bankers and bank regulatory agencies that  [*41]  recognizing and
granting comity to one Tribal Banking Commission and one TCB will open the doors
to a flood of similar efforts by many of the hundreds of federally recognized
tribes.  n110 While there are only fifty-three extant bank regulatory agencies
in the United States today (fifty state bank agencies and three federal bank
agencies), there could potentially be hundreds of tribal bank regulatory
agencies and perhaps thousands of TCBs. Establishing the procedures and
logistical structure to ensure uniformity of quality, laws, rules, regulations,
policies and procedures will be paramount. Fears of opening a "Pandora's Box" of
widespread TCB activity may combine with a lack of federal will or resources and
stall the concept.

   These hardships persist in Native American nations despite repeated attempts
to modify the existing finance system to ameliorate such conditions, and despite
various federal government interventions into the capital markets and financial
system designed to improve conditions in tribal communities. Although
well-intended, federal efforts, such as the BIA Loan Guaranty program,
consistently fall short in addressing tribal needs.  n111 For example, Senator
Al Franken described the paucity of funding from the program as "embarrassing."
n112 Moreover, the United States Special Trustee for American Indians Vincent G.
Logan has stated: "When we talk about economic development, I always tell all
the people that I work with: credit is how the world was built. We are not going
to get very far" unless they have access to credit.  n113

   The lack of financial systems within Native American nations persists despite
SWOT analysis indicating that the Tribally Chartered Bank risks are outweighed
by the opportunity to fulfill an urgent and substantial need for credit and
capital among Native American nations. The inherent challenges of creating a new
financial system dictate that successful implementation of the TCB will require:
focused efforts and investment by one or more tribal  [*42]  governments,
beneficial partnership with advanced FinTech firms, and a collaborative
inter-governmental relationship with the United States.

V. Policy Recommendations and Next Steps

   The TCB presents an opportunity to create an innovative financial institution
that can directly address and improve the access-to-capital conditions for
Native American nations and their members. The TCB would also facilitate the
delivery of the "patient capital" needed for long-term economic, infrastructure,
and community development in tribal communities. "Patient" capital is not
unprofitable capital--a TCB must be profitable to sustain its operations.
However, a TCB need not continually and exclusively chase the highest possible
profit margin, nor should it abandon the financing of lower-margin but socially
beneficial activities. A TCB can maintain a long-term view of capital
productivity consistent with the "seven generations" concept, rather than a
short-term focus on meeting the quarterly expectations of outside financial
analysts.  n114 Notably, a TCB can prioritize projects that meet the urgent
needs of the most overlooked communities.

   The next steps for bringing the TCB to fruition involve policy actions by the
tribal government(s) such as:


     . drafting TCB governance codes that embody consistency, transparency,
     cogent dispute resolution mechanisms, and robust oversight;

     . investing in partnerships with FinTech companies to create
     electronic payment infrastructure; and

     . Presenting a workable cooperative regulatory oversight plan to U.S.
     finance authorities.

   The U.S. government, via a corollary set of policy actions, will facilitate
the implementation of the TCB program by:


     . providing technical assistance for integrating the TCB into existing
     domestic and global electronic payment networks;

      [*43]  . designing a clear path of required actions for the TCB to
     obtain FDIC insurance for future depository accounts;

     . working proactively to implement a cooperative regulatory oversight
     regime; and

     . providing guidance and resources to establish electronic security
     and fraud-prevention best practices for the TCB.

   Two key elements for launching the TCB initiative are obtaining an initial
"critical mass" of support among tribal nations and attaining agreement among
credible leaders to manage the program's creation. To obtain federal
cooperation, tribes must first demonstrate the commitment, knowledge, and
willingness to invest in the program and create the legal and operational
infrastructure. In order to build this support, the academic community can take
an active role in facilitating meetings and discussion among tribal leaders,
utilizing in person networking and real-time electronic participation models
similar to the University of Washington's 2015 Tribal Development Colloquium.
n115 Partnering with trans-tribal entities such as the National Congress of
American Indians and the First Nations Development Institute can assist in
bringing key leaders into the discussion, and help identify appropriate
divisions of labor among participating tribes based on relative institutional
strengths, resources, and administrative capabilities.

   The TCB represents a game-changing paradigm shift in that it: (1) disrupts
the 240-year model in the United States of the "dual banking system" (i.e., only
state or federal charters) by creating a tribally chartered bank system; (2) is
a public policy innovation arising locally and organically from tribal
communities to intervene in the capital markets to address their well-documented
and chronic lack of access to financial  [*44]  services and capital; (3)
represents a commitment to robust bank regulation and supervision married to a
"pro-business" environment that welcomes and embraces innovations in financial
processes and technology; and (4) assimilates and distributes "patient" capital
for long-term economic, community, and social development in Indian Country. The
United States Special Trustee for American Indians Vincent G. Logan has
succinctly stated the mutual foundation that underlies contemporary Native
American development: "We know that economic development and the relationship
between the [United States] and tribal nations--it all depends upon getting the
right pieces into place."  n116 The TCB provides a unique platform for the
United States and tribal governments to collaborate and construct a "missing
piece" within the network of existing financial institutions, and launch a
purpose-driven vehicle for enhancing access to the capital that is essential for
Native American socio-economic development.

    [*45]  APPENDIX

   United States Senate Oversight Hearing  n117

Selected Witness Testimony: Accessing Capital in Indian Country

   The following excerpts are quotes from the June 17, 2015 testimony of the
indicated witnesses appearing at the United States Senate Oversight Hearing on
Accessing Capital in Indian Country. They highlight the issues and challenges
that impact the accessibility of development capital for Native American
nations.

   Senator Michael Crapo (R-Idaho):


     Regardless of location, access to capital is one of the most important
     fundamentals of business and economic development.

        . . . .

        We know the challenges that Indian Country faces in accessing
     essential business resources are significant. In fact, some of our
     witnesses today have noted in their testimonies that Native people are
     most underserved demographic in terms of access to capital.  n118

   Alejandra Castillo, National Director, Minority Business Development Agency:


        Access to capital continues to be the number one impediment for
     Native businesses and other minority businesses.

        By any socioeconomic indicator, Native Americans are the most
     underserved population in the Country. This means that financial
     literacy, credit history and access to lending institutions on or near
     Native lands may be lower than in other areas of the Country.  n119

    [*46]  Derek Watchman, Chair, National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development:


     Lower margin projects and start-ups are always challenging to finance.

        Infrastructure projects, which are badly needed in Indian Country,
     are very hard to finance, especially if there is limited Federal
     funding or because tribes have little tax base[.] [I]t is hard to do
     bonds based on limited tax bases. Tribes themselves, however, are
     increasing access to capital through self-financing of their business
     and economic development projects. . . .

        That is why the National Congress of American Indians and NAFOA
     have repeatedly urged Congress to improve and increase the allocations
     to the BIA loan guarantee program. Right now it is set at $ 7 million.
     n120

   Senator Al Franken (D-Minnesota):


     I was hearing that the BIA Loan Guarantee Program is underfunded. Mr.
     Hill just talked about it being badly administered. It is hard to get
     more funding for a program that is badly administered.

        What I am hearing is that $ 7 million is next to nothing and sort
     of embarrassing, I think. . . .

        . . . There are bands of tribes in my State that have a great need
     for capital. Because of that, they would be considered a high credit
     risk but that is exactly why they need capital. . . .

        . . . .

        . . . The need in Indian Country is so great. I wonder sometimes,
     the tribes that need it the most, need economic development the most,
     are probably the worst credit risks in a sense . . . .

        I just want to make sure that the bands that need it the most get
     the opportunity to do economic development on their land  [*47]
     because they have such high unemployment rates. They need something
     and they need it the most.  n121

   Ross Hill, CEO, Bank2:

        The BIA Commercial Loan Guarantee Program is truly the only
     guaranteed loan program that can be widely used for nearly any need on
     tribal lands. The program could become a vital source of growth and
     development of Native America . . . .

        [But] [t]ypically, it is funded about 20 to 30 percent of the
     maximum authorization. This year is a prime example of the problem.
     The BIA is already out of commitment authority. . . .

        . . . .

        . . . [B]ut perhaps as many as 200,000 homes are still needed on
     reservations alone. The economic impact of satisfying this need could
     reach as much as $ 40 billion on the U.S. and Indian Country
     economies.

        Think of this to picture that. The City of New Orleans has 200,000
     homes. The demand is high, the need is great and the opportunity for
     real economic impact is unquestionable.

        . . . .

        . . . The [BIA Loan Guarantee] program is not adequately funded,
     nor is it administrated properly.

        . . . .

        . . . The BIA is not very accountable to their customer or to the
     banks. Their process for approval is subject to individual offices and
     subject to different edicts handed down from Washington from time to
     time. The process is not one that can be counted on, nor is it one
     that can be counted on in a timely basis.

        . . . .

        . . . [W]e cannot close a transaction and get a guarantee on the
     loan. Without the BIA addressing this problem and making it a serious
     matter . . . most loans will not be completed and funded that could
     be.

         [*48]  . . . .

        . . . I believe there is just a lack of commitment at the BIA
     office to remedy the problem.  n122

   Dante Desiderio, Executive Director, Native American Finance Officers
Association:


     While the need for capital to flow freely into Indian Country is
     great, existing Federal capital programs have failed to drive economic
     growth and development that is profoundly needed in Indian County. We
     think it is time to take a different look at these programs and ask
     ourselves why they are not working to reach their full potential.

        . . . The first program is the Indian Loan Guarantee Program. . . .
     [T]he program is not reaching its potential because the total amount
     of Federal funds budgeted is around $ 7 million or $ 8 million for all
     of Indian Country.

        . . . Treasury set aside the Native program from the larger CDFI
     [Community Development Financial Institution] program. . . . The
     program works but again, its entire budget is around $ 15 million for
     all of Indian Country.

        . . . We have 70 Native CDFIs that if you average it out, it is
     about $ 200,000 each, which is not enough for technical assistance and
     loans.

        . . . .

        Tribal governments are much different and need much longer term
     capital, much more patient capital. We do not have the ability to go
     to the market and raise equity, so we rely on long term, patient
     capital to grow enterprises. It is a much different role.

        The tribal governments are looking at those enterprises to fund
     programs and services. . . .

        . . . .

        . . . [And] the long term patient capital is needed to build the
     infrastructure and the tribal businesses to provide those program
     [*49]  services, even the telecommunications infrastructure that is
     needed for business development.  n123

   Senator Jon Tester (D-Montana):


     I think access to capital in Indian Country is an incredible inhibitor
     to increase the economy and reduce poverty, and reduce the necessity
     for the safety net programs at the Federal level.  n124

     [O]pportunities will go for naught if tribal economies are struggling
     -- forcing children to take their skills and find jobs elsewhere. . .
     . We can't let that happen. Our First Americans should not have to
     choose between making a good living away from their family and
     homelands or living in poverty.  n125


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesNative AmericansReal Property LawFinancingConstruction Loans

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Patient capital "bridges the gap between the efficiency and scale of
market-based approaches and the social impact of pure philanthropy. Patient
capital has a high tolerance for risk, has long time horizons, is flexible to
meet the needs of entrepreneurs, and is unwilling to sacrifice the needs of end
consumers for the sake of shareholders. At the same time, patient capital
ultimately demands accountability in the form of a return of capital: proof that
the underlying enterprise can grow sustainably in the long run." See What Is
Patient Capital?, ACUMEN, http://acumen.org/ideas/patient-capital/ (last visited
Jan. 17, 2016).





n2  Return on Investment or "ROI" is commonly defined as the ratio of net income
to the average capital employed in an investment or enterprise.





n3  Poverty and Possibilities in Indian Country, FCNL INDIAN REP. (Friends Comm.
on Nat'l Legislation, Washington, D.C.), Spring 2012, at 1,
http://fcnl.org/assets/pubs/indian_report/IR_Spring_2012_d4.pdf; see also Robert
J. Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country: Will Capitalism or Socialism
Succeed? 80 OR. L. REV. 757, 758-59 (2001).





n4  Poverty and Possibilities in Indian Country, supra note 3; Miller, supra
note 3.





n5  Algernon Austin, High Unemployment Means Native Americans Are Still Waiting
for an Economic Recovery, ECON. POL'Y INST. (Dec. 17, 2013),
http://www.epi.org/publication/high-unemployment-means-native-americans.





n6  CHARLES F. WILKINSON, BLOOD STRUGGLE: THE RISE OF MODERN INDIAN NATIONS 271
(2006) ("However favorable the new legal and policy framework might be, every
Indian tribe in the postwar years faced challenges befitting a third world
nation--some have called aboriginal peoples the fourth world."); see also Amar
Bhatia, The South of the North: Building on Critical Approaches to International
Law with Lessons from the Fourth World, 14 OR. REV. INT'L L. 131 (2012).





n7  John Cassidy, Piketty's Inequality Story in Six Charts, NEW YORKER (Mar. 26,
2014),
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/pikettys-inequality-story-in-six-char
ts.





n8  Alysa Landry, What Is a Food Desert? Do You Live in One? 23.5 Million in
this Country Do, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (Apr. 28, 2015),
https://indiancountry_medianetwork.com/culture/health-wellness/what-is-a-food-de
sert-do-you-live-in-one-235-million-in-this-ountry-do/.





n9  SUSAN WOODROW ET AL., GROWING ECONOMIES IN INDIAN COUNTRY: TAKING STOCK OF
PROGRESS AND PARTNERSHIPS 4-6 (Apr. 2012) (Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System White Paper),
http://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/conferences/GEIC-white-paper-20120501.p
df.





n10  KARL MARX, THE COMMUNIST MANIFESTO 65, 68 (W.W. Norton & Co. 1988) (1848).





n11  THOMAS PIKETTY, CAPITAL IN THE TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY 385 (2014).





n12  Id. at 368-70.





n13  Shawn Regan, 5 Ways the Government Keeps Native Americans in Poverty,
FORBES (Mar. 13, 2014),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2014/03/13/5-ways-the-government-keeps-
native-americans-in-poverty/#61ad1ed36cc6/.





n14  PIKETTY, supra note 11, at 571.





n15  Jenny Small, Note, Financing Native Nations: Access to Capital Markets, 32
REV. BANKING & FIN. L. 463 (2013).





n16  Richard J. Ansson, Jr. & Ladine Oravetz, Tribal Economic Development: What
Challenges Lie Ahead for Tribal Nations as They Continue to Strive for Economic
Diversity?, 11 KAN. J.L. & PUB. POL'Y 441, 443 (2001-2002) ("Sovereignty is best
defined as the vested powers of self-government, self-control,
self-determination, and self-actualization.").





n17  Gavin Clarkson, Accredited Indians: Increasing the Flow of Private Equity
into Indian Country as a Domestic Emerging Market, 80 U. COLO. L. REV. 285, 285
(2009).





n18  Bill Gates, Why Inequality Matters, GATESNOTES: THE BLOG OF BILL GATES
(Oct. 13, 2014),
http://www.gatesnotes.com/Books/Why-Inequality-Matters-Capital-in-21st-Century-R
eview.





n19  G.A. Res. 61/295, annex, Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
(Sept. 13, 2007), http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/unpfii/documents/DRIPS_en.pdf.





n20  Id. arts. 21, 38, 39.





n21  JOHN KAY, OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY 259-60 (2015).





n22  W. GREGORY GUEDEL, STRATEGIES AND METHODS FOR TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
(2013).





n23  Id.





n24  CHARLES WILKINSON, BLOOD STRUGGLE (2005).





n25  See The Poverty Cycle, RUNNING STRONG FOR AMERICAN INDIAN YOUTH,
http://indianyouth.org/american-indian-life/poverty-cycle (last visited Jan. 17,
2016).





n26  GUEDEL, supra note 22.





n27  See Housing & Infrastructure, NAT'L CONGRESS OF AM. INDIANS,
http://www.ncai.org/policy-issues/economic-development-commerce/housing-infrastr
ucture (last visited Jan. 17, 2016).





n28  Office of Trust Services, INDIANAFFAIRS.GOV,
http://www.indianaffairs.gov/WhoWeAre/BIA/OTS/index.htm (last updated Oct. 7,
2016) ("The Office of Trust Services carries out Indian Affairs trust
responsibilities to Indian tribes and individuals and oversees all headquarter
activities associated with management and protection of trust and restricted
lands, natural resources, and real estate services.").





n29  Id.





n30  Taxation, NAT'L CONGRESS OF AM. INDIANS, http://www.ncai.org/policy-issues/
tribal-governance/taxation (last visited Oct. 6, 2016) ("In general, tribal
governments lack parity with states, local governments, and the federal
government in exercising taxing authority. For example, tribes are unable to
levy property taxes because of the trust status of their land . . . .").





n31  Id.





n32  Ansson & Oravetz, supra note 16, at 462.





n33  WOODROW ET AL., supra note 9, at 4; see also Ansson & Oravetz, supra note
16, at 462 ("In general, banking institutions have even failed to establish
banking facilities within Indian country. For instance, the Navajo reservation,
which has a population of more than 200,000 individuals, only has several
banking facilities. Meanwhile, a border town, such as Gallup, New Mexico, with a
population of 20,000, has almost three times as many as [sic] banks.").





n34  Ronald A. Wirtz, Breaching the "Buckskin Curtain," FED. RES. BANK OF
MINNEAPOLIS (Sept. 1, 2000),
https://www.minneapolisfed.org/publications/the-region/breaching-the-buckskin-cu
rtain.





n35  FIRST NATIONS DEV. INST., BORROWING TROUBLE: PREDATORY LENDING IN NATIVE
AMERICAN COMMUNITIES (2008).





n36  Predatory Lending in Indian Country: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Indian
Affairs, 110th Cong. 20 (2008) ("The effect of having a tribal population
unbanked and subject to predatory financial firms is that it strips an already
vulnerable population of the opportunity to advance by preventing them from
building assets, equity and wealth.").





n37  WOODROW ET AL., supra note 9, at 4.





n38  OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY, INSIGHTS REPORT: COMMERCIAL
LENDING IN INDIAN COUNTRY: POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES IN A GROWING MARKET (Feb.
2016),
http://www.occ.gov/topics/community-affairs/publications/insights/insights-comme
rcial-lending-indian-country.pdf.





n39  Aaron Drue Johnson, Comment, Just Say No (to American Capitalism): Why
American Indians Should Reject the Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act and
Other Attempts to Promote Economic Assimilation, 35 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 107, 117
(2010-2011).





n40  Clarkson, supra note 17, at 285. See generally Accredited Investors, U.S.
SEC. & EXCHANGE COMMISSION, http://www.sec.gov/answers/accred.htm (last modified
Oct. 21, 2014).





n41  Native Am. Cap., LP, Policy Briefing: Native American Tribes Require Reg D
Change (n.d.), https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/265-23/nac020306.pdf.





n42  Id.





n43  Small, supra note 15, at 488.





n44  See id. at 473.





n45  Id. at 494.





n46  Susan Woodrow & Fred Miller, Lending in Indian Country: The Story Behind
the Model Tribal Secured Transaction Law, BUS. L. TODAY, Nov./Dec. 2005, at 38,
39,
http://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/publications/blt/2005/11/lending-indi
an-country-200511.authcheckdam.pdf.





n47  Opportunities and Challenges for Economic Development in Indian Country:
Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Baking, Housing & Urban Affairs, 112th Cong. 52
(2011) (statement of Susan M. Woodrow, Community Development Advisor, Federal
Reserve Bank of Minneapolis) ("[L]enders and others face confusing and uncertain
rules, and thus risky legal environments, that either deter them from doing
business in Indian Country or raise the costs of doing business in tribal
jurisdictions.").





n48  See Daniel Wallach, New York's Fantasy Sports Legislation May Face
Constitutional Roadblock, LAW360 (June 21, 2016, 11:34 EDT),
https://www.law360.com/articles/809124/ny-fantasy-sports-law-may-face-constituti
onal-roadblock (describing New York's constitutional amendment process and
potential issues with the new DFS law).





n49  Press Release, N.Y. State Office of the Att'y Gen., Statement from A.G.
Schneiderman on Daily Fantasy Sports Legislation Signed Into Law by Governor
Cuomo Today (Aug. 3, 2016).





n50  White v. State, No. 5861-2016 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Mar. 24, 2017).





n51  Memorandum of Law in Support of Motion to Dismiss, White v. State, No.
5861-2016 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Jan. 11, 2017),
http://www.legalsportsreport.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOL.pdf.





n52  Susan Haigh, Looney Says Fantasy Sports Bill Unlikely After AG's Warning,
WASH. TIMES (Apr. 18, 2016),
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/apr/18/ag-jepsen-warns-fantasy-sports-b
ill-could-risk-tri/.





n53  Op. Conn. Att'y Gen. 2016-03, at 1 (Apr. 18, 2016),
http://www.ct.gov/ag/cwp/browse.asp?a=1770&bc=0&c=29568.





n54  Small, supra note 15, at 494.





n55  Liberty Sav. Ass'n v. Sun Bank of Jacksonville, 572 F.2d 591 (7th Cir.
1978).





n56  See United States ex rel. Crow Creek Sioux Tribe v. Tri-County Bank of
Chamberlain, S.D., 415 F. Supp. 858 (D.S.D. 1976); see also Crow Tribe of
Indians v. Little Horn State Bank, No. 94-35391, 1995 WL 299886 (9th Cir. May
17, 1995).





n57  Navajo Tribe v. Bank of New Mexico, 556 F. Supp. 1, 4 (D.N.M. 1980).





n58  7 Cl. Ct. 601, 611, 614 (1985).





n59  677 F. Supp. 2d 1056, 1060-62 (W.D. Wis. 2010). The trust gave unapproved
third parties the authority to set up working policy for a casino's gaming
operation in violation of federal statutes. Id.





n60  See id. at 1061; see also Wells Fargo Bank v. Cabazon Band of Mission
Indians, No. EDCV 12-01278 VAP, 2012 WL 4718879, (C.D. Cal. Oct. 3, 2012).





n61  112 F.3d 538 (1st Cir. 1997).





n62  Id. at 552 (citing United States ex rel. Hall v. Tribal Dev. Corp., 49 F.3d
1208, 1214 (7th Cir. 1995); United States ex rel. Shakopee v. Pan Am. Mgmt. Co.,
616 F. Supp. 1200, 1217-18 (D. Minn. 1985)).





n63  DeCora v. DeCora (In re DeCora), 387 B.R. 230, 243 (Bankr. W.D. Wis. 2008).





n64  See Hackford v. First Sec. Bank of Utah, N.A., 521 F. Supp. 541 (D. Utah
1981).





n65  United States v. Barnett, 7 F. Supp. 573, 576 (N.D. Okla. 1934).





n66  Hackford, 521 F. Supp. at 550.





n67  690 F. Supp. 919, 922 (D. Mont. 1988).





n68  See Otoe-Missouri Tribe of Indians v. N.Y. State Dep't of Fin. Servs., 769
F.3d 105 (2d Cir. 2014) (detailing the issues involved in short-term lending
operations conducted by tribally owned businesses).





n69  Office of Trust Services, supra note 28.





n70  See Small, supra note 15, at 474-77.





n71  Hernando de Soto, Dead Capital and the Poor, SAIS REV., Winter-Spring 2001,
at 13, 17.





n72  Teddy Roosevelt, INDIGENOUS KNOWLEDGE COMMONS.
http://indigenous_knowledge.org/discussion/native-conversations/big-question-1-d
oes-tribalism-have-a-valid-role-in-modernlife/post/teddy-roosevelt/ (last
visited Oct. 10, 2016) (excerpt from President Theodore Roosevelt's State of the
Union Address, Dec. 3, 1901).





n73  Q & A: Department of the Interior's Final Leasing Reform,
INDIANAFFAIRS.GOV,
http://www.bia.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc-037327.pdf (last visited
Oct. 7, 2016).





n74  Office of Trust Services, supra note 28.





n75  See Small, supra note 15, at 474-77.





n76  Complaint at 4, Cobell v. Babbitt, No. 1:96CV01285 (D.D.C. 1996),
http://www.indiantrust.com/docs/1996.06.10_Cobell_Complaint.pdf.





n77  See Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law, Cobell v. Kempthorne, Civial
Action No. 96-1285 (JR) (Jan. 30, 2008),
http://www.indiantrust.com/docs/oct_trial.pdf





n78  Id.





n79  GUEDEL, supra, at page 22.





n80  Accessing Capital in Indian Country: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Indian
Affairs, 114th Cong. 1 (2015) [hereinafter Hearing: Accessing Capital],
http://www.indian.senate.gov/sites/default/files/documents/CHRG-114shrg97306.pdf
(opening statement of Sen. John Barrasso, Chairman, S. Comm. on Indian Affairs).





n81  Id. at III.





n82  Id. at 1-2.





n83  The TCB project concept is developing under the leadership of economic
advisor J.D. Colbert, whose past positions include serving as President of
Native American Bank, N.A. and as Bank Examiner for the Federal Reserve Bank of
Boston. See David Melmer, A Conversation with Chickasaw/Creek J.D. Colbert of
Native American Bank, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK (Mar. 29, 2006),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2006/03/29/conversation-chickasawcreek
-jd-colbert-native-american-bank-106156. The TCB structure and operational
approach described in this article is founded upon Colbert's presentation
"Establishing a Sovereign Financial System" at the University of Washington
Jackson School of International Studies Tribal Development Colloquium, held on
May 28-29, 2015. See Foster Pepper PLLC Videos, Native American Colloquium:
Establishing a Sovereign Financial System, YOUTUBE (June 8, 2015),
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad5q2Zs_csM&feature=youtu.be (address by J.D.
Colbert).





n84  GUEDEL, supra note 22, at 99-104.





n85  See David Kelly, Limited by U.S. Banking Rules, Pot Businesses Rely on Bags
of Cash and Armed Guards, L.A. TIMES (Dec. 19, 2015),
http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-napot-banking-20151219-story.html.


     "Banks face a number of risks if they choose to serve the industry, up
     to and including closure of their institutions," said Amanda Averch,
     Director of Communications for the Colorado Bankers Assn. "Regulators
     can impose civil money penalties, cease-and-desist orders, fines and
     can ban bankers from their careers for life."


Id.





n86  Online Gambling: Don't Roll the Dice, ARCHIVES.FBI.GOV (June 6, 2007),
https://archives.fbi.gov/archives/news/stories/2007/june/gambling_060607.


     "You can go to Vegas. You can go to Atlantic City. You can go to a
     racetrack. You can go to those places and gamble legally. But don't do
     it online. It's against the law," says Leslie Bryant, head of our
     Cyber Crime Fraud unit at FBI Headquarters.

     . . . .

     We've also had success against companies supporting the money flows
     behind virtual gambling. In January, for example, two Canadians were
     charged with operating an Internet payment services company that
     transferred billions of dollars in illegal gambling proceeds between
     U.S. citizens and the owners of online gambling sites outside the
     country.

     In 2003, another Internet financial services company paid $ 10 million
     in a civil agreement to settle allegations that it aided illegal
     offshore and online gambling agreements. The U.S. government has also
     settled several cases with online businesses that have accepted money
     to market virtual gambling operations.


Id.





n87  Memorandum from James M. Cole, Deputy Attorney Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice,
to all U.S. Attorneys, Guidance Regarding Marijuana Enforcement (Aug. 29, 2013),
https://www.justice.gov/iso/opa/resources/3052013829132756857467.pdf.





n88  See Editorial, The Perils of Pot's Cash Economy, L.A. TIMES (Oct. 19, 2016,
5:00 A.M.),
http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-prop64-banking-20161019-snap-sto
ry.html.





n89  James Jarman, Marijuana Banking, Money Laundering, and the Government,
KRDO.COM (July 15, 2016, 5:48 AM MDT),
http://www.krdo.com/news/local-news/marijuana-banking-money-laundering-and-the-g
overnment-/35606891





n90  Memorandum from Monty Wilkinson, Dir., Exec. Office for U.S. Attorneys,
U.S. Dep't of Justice, to all U.S. Attorneys, First Assistant U.S. Attorneys,
Criminal Chiefs, Appellate Chiefs, OCDETF Coordinators, Tribal Liaisons, Policy
Statement Regarding Marijuana Issues in Indian Country (Oct. 28, 2014),
https://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/tribal
/pages/attachments/2014/12/11/policystatementregardingmarijuanaissuesinindiancou
ntry2.pdf.





n91  Information regarding structural models and baseline requirements for new
banking ventures is discussed in detail in OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE
CURRENCY, COMPTROLLER'S LICENSING MANUAL: CHARTERS (Sept. 2016),
http://www.occ.treas.gov/publications/publications-by-type/licensing-manuals/cha
rters.pdf.





n92  The FDIC's Uniform Financial Institution Rating System applicable to
U.S.-chartered banks utilizes financial assessment categories known by the
acronym "CAMELS" -- Capital, Asset quality, Management, Earnings, Liquidity, and
Sensitivity to Risk. See Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System, 62 Fed.
Reg. 752 (Jan. 6, 1997), https://www.fdic.gov/regulations/laws/federal/UFIR.pdf.





n93  FOREST E. MYERS, BASICS FOR BANK DIRECTORS 5-19 (4th ed. 2005).





n94  The qualifications and integrity of the members of the Governing Board are
a crucial element for the successful launch and management of the TCB. The
process for vetting potential appointees to the Governing Board should
prioritize review of each candidate's experience in banking operations,
regulatory compliance, and detailed understanding of both applicable Tribal and
federal laws regarding bank chartering.





n95  Co-regulation is a standard aspect of U.S. and global financial systems,
and is gaining increased prominence due to the proliferation of domestic and
international financial vehicles and regulations. See, e.g., Sophie Baker &
Anish Puaar, Market Infrastructure Firms Urged to Take a 'Co-regulation'
Approach, FINANCIAL NEWS (Sept. 18, 2013),
http://www.efinancialnews.com/story/2013-09-18/sibos-2013-market-infrastructure-
coregulation ("Because the financial industry is so busy following one
regulation after the other, it has no time, money or resources to go into market
requirements. . . . We need to go for coregulation, where the regulator and the
financial industry sit together and define the rules and regulations.") (quoting
Michael Steinbach, chief executive and chairman of the board of directors at the
Dutch payment processing firm Equens SE).





n96  Hearing: Accessing Capital, supra note 80.





n97  Federal Loan Programs for Economic and Community Development Throughout
Indian Country and Alaska, BIA.GOV (Aug. 2012),
http://www.bia.gov/cs/groups/xieed/documents/document/idc-022680.pdf.





n98  Hearing: Accessing Capital, supra note 80.





n99  The author recently refinanced a home mortgage without ever setting foot in
a bank or escrow office, and with all communication, document execution, and
payment transfers accomplished via the internet.





n100  Lynnley Browning, Oglala Sioux Hope Bitcoin Alternative, Mazacoin, Will
Change Economic Woes, NEWSWEEK.COM (Aug. 14, 2014, 2:47 PM),
http://www.newsweek.com/2014/08/22/tribe-brought-you-custers-last-stand-sitting-
bulls-bitcoin-264440.html.





n101  The ALLL is a calculated reserve that financial institutions establish in
relation to the estimated credit risk within the institution's assets. This
credit risk represents the charge-offs that will most likely be realized against
an institution's operating income as of the financial statement end date. See
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Interagency Policy Statement on the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses at 2 (OCC Bulletin 2006-47, Dec. 13, 2006),
https://www.occ.gov/news-issuances/bulletins/2006/bulletin-2006-47a.pdf.





n102  Maria Aspan, Why Fintech Is One of the Most Promising Industries of 2015,
INC. MAG. (Sept. 2015),
http://www.inc.com/magazine/201509/maria-aspan/2015-inc5000-fintech-finally-lift
s-off.html.





n103  Id. The market for Core IT processing and electronic platform systems for
banking is one dominated by four FinTech companies: FIS, Fiserv, D+H and Jack
Henry. Penny Crosman, Can Big Four Core Banking Vendors Oligopoloy Be Broken?,
AM. BANKER (Oct. 7, 2013), 12:45 PM EDT),
http://www.americanbanker.com/issues/178_194/can-big-four-core-banking-vendors-o
ligopoly-be-broken-1062654-1.html. Beyond the core systems, "middleware" systems
offered by FinTech firms such as Yantech, Moven, Stripe, Square, Inc., iZettle
AB, [BrainTree, Balanced Payments, and Standard Treasury provide financial
institutions with APIs (application program interface) to develop end-user
applications to facilitate capital transfers, mobile banking and payments,
e-commerce, and personal financial money management.





n104  See Anti-Money Laundering/Combating the Financing of Terrorism -- Topics,
INT'L MONETARY FUND, https://www.imf.org/external/np/leg/amlcft/eng/aml1.htm
(last visited Jan. 18, 2016).





n105  Tribe Offers First Offshore Bank, INDEP. REC. (Helena, Mont.) (Jan. 17,
2000),
http://helenair.com/news/state-and-regional/tribe-offers-first-offshore-bank/art
icle_86afb60c-3d1e-5fdd-8336-7c9642d33de4.html.





n106  John Parker, Indian 'Bank' Founders Convicted of Fraud, Deceiving Tribe,
NEWSOK.COM (Apr. 30, 1999, 12:00 AM CDT), http://newsok.com/article/2651551;
Dana Attocknie, Delaware Nation Citizens Question Leadership, Election
Commission, NATIVE TIMES (Aug. 13, 2012),
http://www.nativetimes.com/index.php/news/tribal
/7582-delawarenation-citizens-question-leadership-election-commission.





n107  Dan Rutherford, Tribal Bank Bypasses FDIC, Has Own Rules on Deposit, TULSA
WORLD (Mar. 22, 1997, 12:00 AM)), http://www.tulsaworld.com/archives/tribal
-bankbypasses-fdic-has-own-rules-on-deposit/article_28b4a9e9-2378-5f78-ada5-2cbf
c14745a0.html.





n108  Nathaniel Popper, Banking for Pot Industry Hits a Roadblock, N.Y. TIMES
(July 30, 2015),
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/31/business/dealbook/federal-reserve-denies-credi
tunion-for-cannabis.html.





n109  See FIRST NAT'L BANK, THE IMPORTANCE OF FDIC INSURANCE,
https://www.thefirst.com/uploadedFiles/THE_FIRST/Images/FDIC%20article.pdf (last
visited Jan. 18, 2016).





n110  Indian Entities Recognized and Eligible to Receive Services from the
United States Bureau of Indian Affairs, 81 Fed. Reg. 5019 (Jan. 29, 2016),
https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2016-01-29/pdf/2016-01769.pdf.





n111  See Appendix (statement of Sen. Al Franken).





n112  Id.





n113  See Foster Pepper PLLC Videos, Native American Colloquium: Native American
Development and U.S./Tribal Relations, YOUTUBE (June 5, 2015) [hereinafter Logan
Address], https://youtu.be/H9Ru4hVsyJM (address by Vincent G. Logan, U.S.
special trustee for American Indians, at University of Washington Tribal
Development Colloquium, Seattle, May 28, 2015).





n114  "The Peacemaker taught us about the Seven Generations. He said, when you
sit in council for the welfare of the people, you must not think of yourself or
of your family, not even of your generation. He said, make your decisions on
behalf of the seven generations coming, so that they may enjoy what you have
today." Oren Lyons (Seneca), Faith keeper, Onondaga Nation, quoted in Seven
Generations -- The Role of Chief, PBS.ORG,
http://www.pbs.org/warrior/content/timeline/opendoor/roleOfChief.html (last
visited Oct. 11, 2016).





n115  In May 2015 the University of Washington's Jackson School of International
Studies hosted a two-day colloquium focused on Native American sovereignty,
development, and human security. The Colloquium provided an exploration of the
mutual sovereignty dynamic between the United States and Native American
nations, with a particular focus on innovative policies for institutional
development, economic growth, and social cohesiveness in Native American
nations. The program featured national tribal leaders and subject matter experts
from a broad spectrum of development backgrounds including governance,
economics, law, education, health, and culture. Video recordings and
presentation materials for the full colloquium are accessible at no charge via
Sovereignty, Development and Human Security: A Colloquium on United States and
Native American Relations, FOSTER PEPPER (May 28, 2015),
http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:whvt2kYm1-wJ:www.foster.com
/resources/events/sovereignty,-development-and-human-security-a-coll+&cd=1&hl=en
&ct=clnk&gl=us.





n116  Logan Address, supra note 113.





n117  See Hearing: Accessing Capital, supra note 80; see also Andrew Bahl,
Senate Committee Focuses on Access to Capital in Indian Country, INDIANZ.COM
(June 18, 2015), http://www.indianz.com/News/2015/017889.asp.





n118  Hearing: Accessing Capital, supra note 80, at 2.





n119  Id. at 3.





n120  Id. at 8-9.





n121  Id. at 38, 39, 44.





n122  Id. at 18, 37, 39, 42.





n123  Id. at 28, 29, 37, 38.





n124  Id. at 42.





n125  Press Release, U.S. Senate Comm. on Indian Affairs, Tester Remains
Committed to Finding a Path to Improving Economic Conditions Across Indian
Country (June 25, 2014),
http://www.indian.senate.gov/news/press-release/access-capital-remote-locations-
stymieeconomic-growth-indian-country.


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Head of Native American association applauds N.Y. AG's lawsuit against Western
Sky

BYLINE: Jessica M. Karmasek

LENGTH: 577 words


WASHINGTON (Legal News Line) - The executive director of the Native American
Financial Services Association said Monday he approves of New York Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman's lawsuit against Western Sky Loans.

Barry Brandon said the online lender does not operate under tribal law or abide
by tribal regulatory bodies and is not wholly-owned by a federally-recognized
tribe.

Brandon

"On behalf of the Native American Financial Services Association, we applaud
this lawsuit and its distinction between those tribal government-owned
businesses who operate legally under federal law, and those who seek to
profiteer on the back of hundreds of years of government-to-government
relationships," he said in a statement.

"NAFSA sets the bar high for our members. Our member tribes follow all
applicable tribal and federal laws and agree to abide by a strict set of
industry-leading best practices to ensure that consumers can trust NAFSA members
to honor their rights, protect their privacy, treat them fairly, and constantly
strive to offer innovative financial products."

He continued, "Western Sky Loans does not abide by these consumer-friendly
practices, is not an enterprise wholly owned by a federally-recognized tribe, is
not regulated by a tribal regulatory lending authority, does not operate
according to tribal law, and breaks the covenants meant to benefit tribal
governments and their members."

On Monday, Schneiderman said his office filed a lawsuit against Western Sky
Financial LLC, CashCall Inc., WS Funding LLC and their owners, Martin Webb and
J. Paul Reddam, for violations of New York's usury and licensed lender laws in
connection with their issuing of personal loans over the Internet.

According to Schneiderman's office, the companies charged annual rates of
interest from 89 percent to more than 355 percent to thousands of state
consumers.

The interest rates far exceed the maximum rate allowed under New York law, which
is limited to 16 percent for most lenders not licensed by the state.

None of the companies sued are licensed in New York.

"Western Sky and CashCall charged exorbitant interest rates on their loans to
scam New Yorkers out of millions of dollars," the attorney general said in a
statement.

"With this case and others, my office will continue to fight to protect New
Yorkers from illegal business practices and stop companies that seek to prey
upon consumers facing tough economic times."

The companies, located in South Dakota and California, allegedly targeted
vulnerable New York consumers through television and Internet advertising that
promised "fast cash" to consumers in urgent need of money.

The companies took advantage of consumers by allegedly charging extremely high
rates of interest that were above New York State's usury caps.

For example, consumers that received loans of $1,000 were charged an interest
rate of more than 234 percent, and had to repay as much as $4,942 in interest
and principal over just two years.

"Our member tribes support this move by the state of New York and will continue
to abide by the highest possible lending standards," Brandon said.

Other state attorneys general have filed similar lawsuits against Western Sky,
including Minnesota and Georgia.

According to its website, NAFSA was formed in 2012 to advocate for Native
American sovereign rights and enable tribes to offer responsible online lending
products.

From Legal News Line: Reach Jessica Karmasek by email at
jessica@legalnewsline.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

BYLINE: JODI RAVE Lee News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 698 words


The top leader of the Democratic National Convention Committee announced on
Wednesday that the organization has made a $2 million deposit with the nation's
only multi-tribal-owned bank, which is based in Denver.

"When the 2008 Democratic National Convention comes to Denver, we want to ensure
that it offers economic benefits to the community as a whole," said Leah D.
Daughtry, CEO of the DNCC. "Our goal is to bring groundbreaking opportunities to
the broad variety of businesses that make the city of Denver stand tall. Native
American Bank is the perfect partner for us in this venture because of its
proven commitment to supporting economic growth and development in diverse
communities."

Native American Bank and Democratic convention officials held a press and phone
conference on Wednesday morning from the bank's headquarters in downtown Denver.
J.D. Colbert, president and CEO of the Native American Bank, described the
multimillion-dollar deposit as an "historic partnership."

Frank LaMere, chairman of the Native American Democratic Caucus, said 35,000
people are expected in Denver for the 2008 Democratic National Convention. He
hopes upward of 8,000 Indians attend the event.

"When Leah called, I took that phone call and it pretty much made my week," said
LaMere. "She didn't hear me put my hand over the phone and say, 'Aho!'"

The Native American Bank was created in 2001. The bank's total assets topped $86
million as of June 30, up from $24 million in 2002. The bank is now owned by 26
federally recognized tribes and tribal organizations across the United States.
The bank's mission is to promote economic development in Indian communities,
which have been historically underserved by mainstream banks.

More than 85 percent of the bank's loans are made to Indian people, including
commercial, home mortgage, real estate and consumer loans.

"The Native American Bank represents perhaps the most courageous, grand and
ambitious banking experiment in the history of the United States," Colbert said.
"For generations, mainstream banks have ignored and avoided Indian Country and
reservation areas."

"They said they couldn't make money in Indian Country," he said. "They said
Indian people would default on any loans they made. They said reservation areas
were too economically distressed. They said that the trust land status of
reservations was a complete obstacle to transacting any business. ... In effect,
they said that Native people were not bank-worthy."

But the national Indian bank has proved otherwise.

"Now in our sixth year of operation, Native American Bank is no longer an
experiment," said Colbert. The bank expects profit margins to double in 2007,
compared to the previous year's figure of $551,000.

The bank could improve its lending service in Indian Country if amendments were
made to the National Bank Act, which would allow tribes to control interstate
branches of nationally chartered banks in reservation areas. Colbert said the
NAB would like to establish 100 new bank branches on 100 reservations across the
country.

The DNCC chose the Native American Bank in large part because of the bank's work
through the Native American Community Development Corp., a nonprofit arm
directed by Elouise Cobell, of Browning, Mont. The organization helps strengthen
the financial insight of Indian people and tribal communities throughout the
country.

Here are some of NACDC's current initiatives:

3 Work with the Indian Land Tenure Foundation to help the Rocky Boy, Fort
Belknap, and Fort Peck tribal communities in Montana to buy land.

3 Provide start-up assistance and ongoing guidance to youth-oriented financial
education "mini-bank" initiatives on the Blackfeet Reservation in Montana and
the Fort Hall Reservation in Idaho.

3 Develop a model small- business incubator on the Blackfeet Reservation and
provide direct assistance on specific business planning and business financing
projects within the Blackfeet and other tribal communities.

3 Provide home mortgage counseling and assistance on home mortgage applications,
with a focus on the HUD 184 loan guarantee program

(Reach reporter Jodi Rave at 406-396-8537 or jodi.rave@lee.net.) Democratic
deposit boosts Indian bank

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Native American Bank Group Offers Tribes Start-Up Help

                             August 9, 2004, Monday

By Katie Kuehner-Hebert



A Native American banking group wants more tribes to start their own banks, and
it is bringing that message to the people.

The North American Native American Bankers Association has hosted annual
conferences to encourage tribal start-ups, but will take its act on the road
beginning next month. It will join with NuBank, a consulting firm in San Luis
Obispo, Calif., in conducting daylong bank start-up seminars in 10 cities.

They will focus on tribes with thriving commercial centers - including casinos
-- providing them the wherewithal to start a bank, said J.D. Colbert, president
of the bankers group.

Some tribes, such as the Mohegans in Connecticut and the Seminoles in Florida,
have built popular casinos and may want to open their own banks, Mr. Colbert
said.

"One of the biggest challenges to opening a bank is raising sufficient capital,"
he said in an interview. "But for many tribes that isn't a big issue - they have
the money now. What they really need is expertise on how to do it."

Mr. Colbert said there are only nine Native American-owned banks in the United
States, largely because many tribes do not believe that they have the know-how
to start and run a bank. Since forming six years ago, the trade group has helped
only one tribe, the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma, to start a bank.

The group is working with NuBank, which has hooked up with teams of attorneys,
accountants, and other professionals to help organizers form more than 130 banks
over the past 20 years. Last year, NuBank started holding seminars for Hispanic
entrepreneurs seeking to open small banks.

Dan Hudson, NuBank's chief executive officer, said it is crucial that a tribe
does not narrow its bank's focus to appeal exclusively to Native Americans.

However, he added, "The bank can also have a great niche - the Native American
sector - because they'll know how to bank them better than other banks who don't
know the culture."

If a tribe expresses interest at a seminar, NuBank will help it form a bank, for
an additional fee.

Mr. Colbert said more tribal banks are needed on reservations, because many
living there are simply not served well by mainstream banks. Tribal laws tend to
make it difficult for Native Americans to pledge reservation property as
collateral, so many banks have shied away from making loans there. Tribe-owned
banks, however, can tailor their policies to work with tribal laws, Mr. Colbert
said.

There is considerable opportunity: Only about 33% of Native Americans own their
own homes, compared with more than 70% of the overall U.S. population, Mr.
Colbert said. Moreover, casino development has raised the incomes for many
Native Americans, who now want to start businesses and are therefore in the
market for commercial loans.

Then there are the casinos themselves. Though a tribally owned bank is limited
in the amount of loans it can make to that tribe's casino, the casino can
deposit its funds at the bank and use the bank's cash management services, Mr.
Colbert said. The bank can also make loans to other tribes' casinos, and many of
the Native American-owned banks do just that.

"Several tribes have discovered that there are significant profit opportunities
in bank ownership," Mr. Colbert said.

One of them is the Chickasaw Nation, which formed Chickasaw Banc Holding Co. in
2001 and bought $10.6 million-asset First State Bank in Davidson, Okla. The
bank, renamed Bank 2 with its headquarters in Oklahoma City, has been able to
grow to $60 million of assets, by banking tribe members, other tribes' casinos,
and non-Native Americans.

Ross Hill, Bank 2's president and CEO, said he will be sharing his bank's
success story with other tribes' representatives at the upcoming seminars.

"It's the mission of our board to help other tribes start banks," Mr. Hill said.
"It would help us indirectly by helping the overall Native American economy.
Right now that economy suffers because financial products are not readily
available."

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 685 words

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Hill

                      Copyright 2004 American Banker, Inc.


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         American Bankruptcy Institute

                                  34-6 ABIJ 18

                                   June 2015

In This Issue:

Code to Code

Rolling the Dice on Debtor Eligibility: Native American Tribes and the
Bankruptcy Code

By Ji Hun Kim and Christopher S. Koenig n1






n1 The views expressed herein are merely the views of the authors and do not
represent the views of their firm.


Ji Hun Kim and Christopher Koenig are associates in the Business Reorganization
and Restructuring Practice Group of Wilkie Farr & Gallagher LLP in New York.

LENGTH: 2180 words

TEXT:


 [*18]  Native American n2 law is a complex blend of American history, federal
law, treaties with Native American tribes and certain principles of
international law. n3 In turn, Native American tribes are a unique form of
government in the U.S.: They enjoy local self-governance by applying tribal law
on many issues, but are subject to federal law on certain issues where Congress
has applied federal or state law to them. n4 Since the passage of the Indian
Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 (IGRA), n5 gaming activities on Native American
reservations have skyrocketed, and tribes have established hundreds of casinos
and resorts on tribal lands, n6 which have grown into large and complex
commercial enterprises capable of entering into contracts and loan documents
with nontribal lenders.


n2 This article uses the terms "Native American," "Indian" and "tribes"
interchangeably.

n3 R. Spencer Clift, III, "The Historical Development of American Indian Tribes;
Their Recent Dramatic Commercial Advancement; and a Discussion of the
Eligibility of Indian Tribes under the Bankruptcy Code and Related Matters," 27
Am. Indian L. Rev. 177, 184 (2002-03) (citations omitted).

n4 See Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, 436 U.S. 49, 55-56 (1978) ("Indian tribes
are 'distinct, independent political communities, retaining their original
natural rights' in matters of local self-government," but noting that "Congress
has plenary authority to limit, modify or eliminate the powers of local
self-government which the tribes otherwise possess.") (citations omitted).

n5 25 U.S.C. § 2701, et seq. The IGRA authorizes and regulates tribal gaming
activities on tribal lands in states that do not prohibit such gaming
activities, and appointed the National Indian Gaming Commission (NIGC) to
oversee such tribal gaming activities.

n6 The NIGC reports that there were approximately 450 tribal gaming operations
as of the end of 2013. See NIGC Tribal Gaming Revenues 2009-13, available at
www.nigc.gov/LinkClick.aspx?fileticket=_15OAX4uZyA%3d&tabid=67 (last visited
April 29, 2015).

   Due both to an economic recession and increased competition in the gaming
sphere, Native American businesses, and thereby the tribes, have suffered
significant unanticipated competition and financial distress. As tribes look to
a variety of options to address financial distress, an emerging question is
whether such tribes are eligible to be debtors under the Bankruptcy Code. Relief
under the Bankruptcy Code is particularly important for tribal casinos because
tribal insolvency law cannot effectuate a restructuring of a tribe's financial
obligations, as tribal law only applies to members of the tribe and cannot bind
dissenting non-tribal lenders.

   This article will analyze whether Native American tribes are eligible to file
for bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code and finds that since the Code does not
provide a basis for tribes to file, it is unlikely that they can. However, there
is a potential legal argument that Native American tribes might be able to use
in reorganizing their businesses under the Code.

Eligibility of Native American Tribes to File for Bankruptcy

   Section 109 of the Bankruptcy Code governs who may be a debtor and provides,
in pertinent part, that "only a person ... or a municipality ... may be a debtor
under this title." (Municipalities may only be debtors under chapter 9.) In
turn, § 101(41) defines a "person" as including "individual, partnership, and
corporation, but does not include governmental unit." n7 "Governmental unit" is
defined in § 101(27) as "United States; State; Commonwealth; District;
Territory; foreign state; department, agency or instrumentality of [each of the
foregoing]; or other foreign or domestic government." Given the self-governance
rights afforded to tribes, various courts have held that tribes qualify as a
domestic government unit for other purposes under the Bankruptcy Code, such as
the waiver of sovereign immunity pursuant to § 106. n8


n7 Section 101(41) also provides that a governmental unit can qualify as a
person in certain respects, which is not relevant for this article.

n8 See, e.g., Krystal Energy Co. v. Navajo Nation, 357 F.3d 1055,1058 (9th Cir.
2004) ("[T]he category 'Indian Tribes' is simply a specific member of the group
of domestic governments."); In re Platinum Oil Props. LLC, 465 B.R. 621, 643
(Bankr. D.N.M. 2011) ("The language 'or other foreign or domestic government'
found in 11 U.S.C. § 101(27) includes Indian tribes...."); Russell v. Fort
McDowell Yavapai Nation (In re Russell), 293 B.R. 34, 44 (Bankr. D. Ariz. 2003)
(holding that "other foreign or domestic governments in § 101(27) unequivocally,
and without implication, includes Indian tribes as 'governmental units'"); In re
Davis Chevrolet Inc., 282 B.R. 674, 683 n.5 (Bankr. D. Ariz. 2002) (ruling that
phrase "'other domestic government' is broad enough to encompass Indian
tribes.").

   Accordingly, as "governmental units," tribes do not qualify as debtors under
either chapters 7 or 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, which require that a debtor be a
"person." In order to be a chapter 9 debtor, a debtor need not be a "person,"
but must instead be a "municipality," which is defined as "political subdivision
or public agency or instrumentality of a State." Although tribes are domestic
governments, they are regulated by federal law -- not state law -- and are not
in any way governed by the states or subject to their authority (except inasmuch
as federal law requires the application of state law). Accordingly, a tribe does
not qualify as a "municipality" and is therefore not eligible for chapter 9
relief.

An Alternative Argument for Tribes to File for Bankruptcy

   Despite the fact that the tribes themselves are almost certainly not eligible
debtors under the Bankruptcy Code, there is one potential alternative argument
that Native American tribes may be able  [*19]  to use to reorganize tribal
-owned businesses such as casinos. Many casinos are not directly owned by the
Native American tribes but by tribally chartered corporations (which, in turn,
are wholly owned by their respective Indian tribes). In some cases, the various
loan documents for the tribal casino might list the tribal corporation itself as
the obligor, rather than the tribe. In such instances, the prospective debtor
may be the tribal corporation, which could constitute as an eligible debtor if
it qualifies as a "corporation" under the Bankruptcy Code. Specifically,
pursuant to § 101(9) of the Bankruptcy Code, the definition of a "corporation"
includes an "association having a power of privilege that a private corporation,
but not an individual or a partnership, possesses" and "unincorporated company
or association."

   This argument has been made at least twice before in bankruptcy courts.
First, in 'Sa' Nyu Wa Inc., a "tribally chartered corporation" wholly owned by a
tribe filed for bankruptcy in Arizona in 2013. n9 The debtor explained in its
first-day filings that it was "a tribal corporation that is separate from the
Nation and from other corporations or instrumentalities of the Nation," with its
own board of directors. n10 The bankruptcy filing was precipitated by an
arbitration award of $ 28 million entered against the debtor as a result of a
dispute over a development agreement. The debtor noted that the party under the
development agreement was the debtor tribal corporation itself, that the tribe
was not party to the agreement in any way, and that the arbitration award was
collectible only from the debtor corporation and not the tribe. The debtor
argued that it was a separate entity from the tribe, which was eligible for
relief under chapter 11. While several contemporaneous articles questioned
whether the debtor was an eligible filer, n11 no parties-in-interest challenged
the debtor's eligibility; the case proceeded normally before the debtor and
developer settled their dispute and consensually dismissed the case.


n9 See 'Sa' Nyu Wa Inc., Case No. 13-2972 (Bankr. D. Ariz. 2013). The debtor
owned and operated the Grand Canyon Skywalk, a tourist attraction in Arizona.

n10 See 'Sa' Nyu Wa Inc., Case No. 13-2972 (BMW) (Bankr. D. Ariz. March 4, 2013)
(Docket No. 10).

n11 See Christine L. Swasnick, et al., "Are Tribal Corps. Eligible for
Bankruptcy Protection?," Law360 (March 13, 2013), available at
www.law360.com/articles/423192/are-tribal
-corps-eligible-for-bankruptcy-protection- (last visited April 29, 2015);
Sheppard Mullin, "Tribal Corporate Bankruptcy Petition Raises Issues of First
Impression for Bankruptcy Court," Finance and Bankruptcy Law Blog (March 7,
2013), available at www.bankruptcylawblog.com/tribal
-corporate-bankruptcy-petition-raises-issues-of-first-impression-for-bankruptcy-
court.html (last visited April 29, 2015).

   Next, in Santa Ysabel Resort and Casino, a casino that was owned and operated
by the Iipay Nation filed for bankruptcy. n12 The debtor's first-day filings
argued that the debtor that owned the casino was a separate legal entity from
the tribe and was therefore not a governmental unit. The debtor argued that it
was an "unincorporated company" under § 101(9)(A)(iv) and therefore eligible to
file. Three parties in interest filed motions to dismiss because the debtor was
ineligible, including another Native American tribe (the debtor's largest
creditor) and the U.S. Trustee. n13 The objecting parties argued that the debtor
casino was not an "unincorporated company" because it was merely an arm of the
tribe itself and there was no legal distinction between the tribe and the casino
entity; specifically, the loan documents provided that  [*66]  the tribe was the
obligor that owned and operated the casino and did not make such a distinction
between the tribe and the casino entity. The bankruptcy court granted the
motions to dismiss by summary order without writing an opinion. n14


n12 Santa Ysabel Resort and Casino, Case No. 12-9415 (Bankr. S.D. Cal. 2012).

n13 Id. [Docket Nos. 57, 65 and 66].

n14 See Santa Ysabel Resort and Casino, Case No. 12-9415 (Bankr. S.D. Cal. Sept.
11, 2012) [Docket No. 98].

   Unfortunately, there are no binding judicial opinions on whether a tribal
corporation separate and distinct from the tribe is an eligible debtor. However,
if there are facts suggesting that a tribe and a tribally chartered corporation
are held out as legally separate entities, and the tribal corporation is the
actual obligor on the loan(s), it would seem arguable that tribal casinos might
be eligible to file for bankruptcy. n15


n15 In addition, Native American tribes may utilize this argument during
negotiations with lenders. Tribes can maintain that they are actually able to
file for bankruptcy with the hopes of negotiating "in the shadow of bankruptcy."
This argument will likely be a temporary (and risky) one, as at some point, a
tribal corporation will indeed file for bankruptcy, and a bankruptcy court will
either confirm or reject the tribal corporation's eligibility. The outcome will
have major consequences to Native American tribes seeking to restructure their
debts with lenders because the tribes' negotiation position will be either
significantly emboldened or weakened depending on how the applicable bankruptcy
court rules.


Confusion and Uncertainty Ensues

   Since Congress's enactment of the IGRA, Native American tribes have developed
and expanded significant gaming operations, including major casinos and resorts.
These gaming operations have provided Native American tribes with significant
revenue and economic viability. Given the recent financial distress being
suffered by Native American tribes (in connection with their tribal casinos),
the issue of whether a Native American tribe is eligible to be a debtor under
the Bankruptcy Code will need to be addressed by the bankruptcy courts or
Congress.

   As a result of the complexity of the intersection of Native American and
federal law, it is not clear whether Congress would be able to easily amend the
Bankruptcy Code to provide Native American tribes with a source of relief under
federal bankruptcy laws. In deciding what relief to allow tribes under the Code,
Congress will have to consider a number of alternatives: whether to amend the
definition of "person" or "governmental unit" to make it clear that tribes are
eligible debtors, or create a new subchapter under chapters 7, 9 and/ or 11 to
allow Native American tribes to file for bankruptcy. Until then, confusion and
uncertainty will ensue while Native American tribes continue to try to find
creative ways to address their financial distress.


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Barrasso and McCain Introduce Bill to Spur Economic Development in
Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has issued the
following press release:



 U.S. Senator John Barrasso (R-WY), chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs, and committee member Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), introduced S. 3234, the
Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act of 2016.





 The legislation is based on input from Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and
businesses. It will improve access to capital in tribal communities by amending
and improving existing law, including:



 o           the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and
Tourism



             Act of 2000;



 o           the Native American Programs Act of 1974;



 o           the Indian Trader Act; and



 o           the Buy Indian Act.



 "Accessing capital is paramount for economic development in tribal
communities," said Chairman Barrasso. "This bill will break down existing
barriers for growth, support loan and bond guarantee programs, expedite
Washington's slow approval processes, and increase opportunities for tribal
members. I am thankful to Senator McCain for working with me on this legislation
and hope to see it move forward quickly."



 "Many Indian reservations across my home state of Arizona and the western
United States continue to struggle with high unemployment rates and few business
opportunities. We must do more to change this," said Senator McCain. "Our
legislation addresses these serious challenges by expanding key economic
development services for Native Americans who aspire to open a business on their
own on tribal lands. I thank Chairman Barrasso for his partnership on this
important effort to ensure the future success of Native American entrepreneurs
and tribally owned businesses."



 The specific amendments to existing law within S. 3234, that will promote
economic development, include:



 The Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of
2000



 &middot;         require interagency coordination between the secretaries of
Commerce, Interior, and Treasury to develop initiatives encouraging investment
in Indian communities;



 &middot;         elevate the director for the Indian programs in the Department
of Commerce;



 &middot;         make permanent the waiver of the requirement for Native
community development financial institutions (CDFIs) to provide a matching cost
share for assistance received by the Treasury CDFI;



 &middot;         establish the Indian Economic Development Fund to support the
Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) Indian loan guarantee and CDFI bond guarantee
program for Indian communities;



 The Native American Programs Act of 1974



 &middot;         reauthorize the economic development programs;



 &middot;         prioritize economic development program applications and
technical assistance for:



 o   building tribal court systems and code development for economic
development;



 o   supporting CDFIs;



 o   developing master plans for community and economic development;



 The Indian Trader Act



 &middot;         add an authorization for the secretary of the Interior to
waive, upon tribal request, where an Indian tribe has a tribal law governing
trade or commerce on its lands; and



 The Buy Indian Act



 &middot;         facilitate the use of the Buy Indian Act and increasing
accountability in procurement by the BIA and the Indian Health Service.



 Background



 On May 27, 2015, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held an oversight field
hearing on "Advancing Economic Success in Indian Country." The hearing was held
in Anadarko, OK.



 On June 16, 2015, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held a listening
session on the "Buy Indian Act and Community Development Financial
Institutions."



 On June 17, 2015, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held an oversight
hearing on "Accessing Capital in Indian Country."



 On June 22, 2016, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held an oversight
hearing on "Accessing USDA Rural Development Programs in Native Communities."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Lawsky Should Leave Tribal Lending Alone

BYLINE: Mark Calabria

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE; BANK THINK Vol. 1 No. F341

LENGTH: 853  words


A U.S. District Court recently ruled that New York can stop payday lenders from
making loans, even when those loans are originated from tribal offices outside
New York. This ruling expanded the state's jurisdiction over lenders to tribal
sovereign enterprises. This is not only inconsistent with Supreme Court
precedent; it attacks the very notion of tribal sovereignty.

In August, New York's Department of Financial Services Superintendent Benjamin
Lawsky sued tribal lenders conducting business with New York residents on the
basis that their loans violated New York's cap on interest rates. It might seem
silly that Lawsky would sue to stop a consensual agreement between lender and
borrower, but you can't blame him too much. He is following the time-honored New
York tradition of using government to limit the choices of others. Don't think
people should eat trans fat? Ban it. Drinking too much sugar? Goodbye, Big
Gulps.

When it comes to lending, New York has a 16% usury cap on loans. Despite the
fact that two people might agree they are both better off if one lends to the
other at a rate over 16%, the government of New York has decided it knows best.

New York's nanny-state preferences aside, the law is clear that the state's
jurisdiction stops at its borders. The State of New York cannot extend its
sovereignty over Native American reservations that are not even within the
borders of New York, regardless of what Lawsky might think, and the recent court
ruling is not likely to hold in the long run.Â

There were two basic questions at the heart of the dispute that the U.S.
District Court had to weigh in its ruling. First, does tribal sovereign immunity
apply to commercial activities, such as lending, or is it limited to purely
governmental functions? Second, does tribal immunity cover activity where some
part of that activity, such as one side of a transaction, exists outside the
boundaries of the reservation?

Both questions already have answers.

The commercial activity question was clearly decided by the U.S. Supreme Court
in 1991's Oklahoma Tax Commission v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe of
Oklahoma decision, leaving no doubt that tribal commercial activity enjoys
sovereign immunity. This is also consistent with the common practice of
nontribal U.S. government activities. Many activities of New York State or the
federal government are commercial in nature. Those activities enjoy sovereign
immunity. The same principle holds for tribal governments. Tribes are not
"second class" governments.

The second issue has also been settled by the Supreme Court in 1998's Kiowa
Tribe of Oklahoma v. Manufacturing Technologies decision, which ruled that even
when tribes entered into activities executed off-reservation, they still enjoyed
sovereign immunity. The Kiowa holding more than covers the current New York
payday issue. The loans, which Lawsky wants to ban, were officially entered into
on tribal land. Borrowers agreed to be bound by tribal law. The payday loans
which Lawsky wants to prohibit were executed on tribal lands in Oklahoma and
Michigan, not in the State of New York.

There was no coercion or deception. These were voluntary agreements reached
between borrower and lender where both agreed to be covered by sovereign tribal
law. Whatever Lawsky's feelings are about the rest of us being able to make
decisions for ourselves, in this case, the choice is not his to make.Â

The evidence is also clear that these transactions benefit the borrowers.
Outright payday bans have been associated with increases in bankruptcy, as
families are unable to borrow to cover short-term emergencies. Bans also force
borrowers into informal transactions, where the terms are considerably more
onerous than any witnessed in the payday industry. At 16%, New York's
prohibition essentially renders any payday products unprofitable.

The evidence, such as that produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
also suggests that increased competition drives down the cost of consumer
borrowing, whereas regulation generally increases that cost. The tribal lenders
are providing something that is desperately lacking in New York's financial
markets:Â  competition. Instead of attacking that competition, Lawsky should be
welcoming it.

The District Court's decision is unlikely to be the last word. Issues of tribal
sovereignty have regularly made it before the U.S. Supreme Court for the very
reason that state governments have often been hostile to the sovereign rights of
tribal governments. Debates as to the free financial choices of individuals are
also unlikely to fade anytime soon.

We have regularly seen tribes attacked whenever they dared engage in commercial
activity - such as selling cigarettes or operating casinos - that does not
conform to the prudish tastes of upper class America. Even if these activities
did harm consumers - doubtful as they were freely entered into - the harm would
appear quite minor compared to that which has been repeatedly imposed upon the
U.S. Native American population.Â

Mark Calabria is the Director of Financial Regulation Studies at the Cato
Institute.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Drive Edition

U.S. seeks to shut down tribes' online payday loan businesses

BYLINE: DON MECOY, Business Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 845 words


The Federal Trade Commission is seeking to shut down an online payday lending
operation that involves two Oklahoma Indian tribes after consumers filed more
than 7,500 complaints to authorities in recent years.

The commission filed a complaint Monday in U.S. District Court in Nevada against
high-fee, short-term lending firms operated by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma and
the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma. The complaint names several individuals as
controlling the operation, including race car  driver Scott Tucker.

The FTC claims the payday lending companies "piled on undisclosed and inflated
fees, and collected on loans illegally by threatening borrowers with arrest  and
lawsuits." The case raises questions about the tribes' ability to avoid
government oversight of their businesses by claiming their sovereign rights.

The complaint charges that a web of defendants, including the Miami Tribe's AMG
Services Inc., three other Internet-based lending companies, seven related
companies and six individuals, violated federal law by deceiving payday loan
customers. The agency seeks an injunction to stop the companies from operating
while authorities pursue the case.

A message left for Miami Nation Chief Thomas Gamble with Miami Nation
Enterprises was not returned Monday. Modoc tribal officials did not respond to a
message seeking comment on the complaint. Attempts to contact Tucker through his
racing company's website were unsuccessful.

Payday loans are small-dollar, short-term unsecured loans that borrowers promise
to repay out of their next paycheck or regular income payment. They typically
carry extremely high interest rates, but the short-term nature of the loan is
designed to limit the borrower's costs.

Commission's claims

The commission's filing claims the lending companies would make repeated small
withdrawals from customers' accounts, with each payment incurring a fee. In one
example cited, a customer was charged $675 in fees to pay off a $300 loan.

The companies also threatened customers with lawsuits or arrest to obtain
payments, according to the filing.

According to documents filed with the court, Tucker and his co-defendant and
brother, Blaine Tucker, transferred more than $40 million dollars collected from
consumers by the payday lending companies to another company Scott Tucker
controls, Level 5 Motor Sports, for "sponsorship" fees that benefit Scott
Tucker's automobile racing, the commission said.

The operation has claimed in state legal proceedings that its affiliation with
Indian tribes makes it immune from legal action. Recently, the Miami Tribe
claimed victory in a Colorado case when the court affirmed its immunity after
authorities there sued the tribe for teaming with Tucker to establish an online
lending agency.

The Federal Trade Commission said the defendants' claims of tribal affiliation
do not exempt them from complying with federal law.

Barry Brandon, executive director of the Native American Fair Commerce
Coalition, last month endorsed the Colorado decision, saying "the court got it
right."

On Monday, Brandon declined to comment specifically on the FTC complaint, which
he had not seen.

"I guess I'm surprised that the FTC is making those arguments" on tribal
sovereignty, Brandon said.

"That gives me some pause in terms of wanting to know more factually of whether
or not the FTC in its investigation may have uncovered some flaw in the way that
the tribe has proceeded," Brandon said.

"Generally, our reaction is that we're supportive of a tribe's sovereign right
to engage in economic development and we urge our tribal members to play by the
rules and to create a good regulatory structure and to make sure that we are in
line with those standards as enunciated by the court in Colorado."

The Miami and Modoc tribes are not members of the Native American Fair Commerce
Coalition, he said.

State's take

After The Oklahoman published a story in January about the tribes' payday loan
operations, the administrator of the Oklahoma Department of Consumer Credit said
such businesses should be subject to state oversight. That agency licenses
payday loan companies that operate in Oklahoma.

"Our department is respectful of tribal sovereign immunity, but it is my opinion
that there is a difference between an Oklahoma consumer conducting business with
a tribal entity on tribal land as opposed to tribal entities conducting business
with Oklahoma consumers via the Internet," Lesher said in a statement.

"Tribal lenders that enter into payday loan products with Oklahoma consumers via
the Internet should be subject to Oklahoma regulations because such entities are
operating outside the boundaries of tribal land," he said.

The Better Business Bureau for Eastern Oklahoma lists hundreds of complaints
against online companies owned by the two Oklahoma tribes.

The bureau issued a consumer warning last month about the potential danger of
some online payday lenders "that claim they are not beholden to state or federal
laws regarding licensing requirements, debt collection practices or caps on
interest rates."


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Country Today

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

First conventional mortgage loan to be made on the Crow reservation

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Mar. 22--HARDIN, Mont. -- The first conventional (or non-government-backed) loan
was closed in Montana on the Crow reservation thanks to a partnership between
the Crow Tribe, Fannie Mae and First Interstate Bank. Closing on the loan was
scheduled for March 3 at First Interstate Bank's Hardin branch.

Many American Indians in the United States find that access to mortgage credit
is limited because they live on lands that were reserved for them by treaty or
federal law. But through the Native American Conventional Lending Initiative,
Fannie Mae, working with local lenders, has opened the door to conventional
lending on tribal trust or restricted lands.

Mary Lou Affleck, Fannie Mae's Community Business Officer for Montana, said the
NACLI is part of Fannie Mae's American Dream Commitment to tackle America's
toughest housing problems. "The purpose of this initiative is to increase
homeownership rates nationwide among Native Americans, rural residents, minority
borrowers, and others whose homeownership rates lag the general population. We
are pleased that through our partnership with the Crow Tribe and First
Interstate Bank, we are able to close our first conventional loan on tribal
trust land in Montana on the Crow Reservation."

First Interstate Bank's Community Development Officer, Maria Valandra, said
First Interstate is equally pleased about this first conventional loan to be
made on tribal trust land. "First Interstate has a long-standing commitment to
reinvesting in our communities. In cooperation with Fannie Mae, we hope to help
many more residents on tribal trust land to reach their dream of homeownership."

The NACLI offers a low down payment mortgage with additional credit
flexibilities. This mortgage allows qualified borrowers who are members of the
Crow Tribe to make a low down payment from the borrower's own funds. If the
borrower fits the income limits, they may qualify for down payment assistance
through the Apsaalooke Nation Housing Authority. This mortgage is available for
the purchase of a new home or the purchase and rehabilitation of an existing
home. The NACLI mortgage requires homebuyer education, which is provided by the
Apsaalooke Nation Housing Authority. First Interstate Bank will originate the
mortgage loans and Fannie Mae will purchase the eligible loans originated under
this initiative.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-IC-RESERVATION-LOAN-20060322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2006 Indian Country Today


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

New loan program helps consolidate multi-owner reservation land

BYLINE: Jenny Schlecht, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Dec. 26--CROW CREEK, S.D. -- On South Dakota's Crow Creek Indian Reservation,
one 40-acre piece of land has more than 1,600 owners.

Rick Clifford, realty officer for the Bureau of Indian Affairs Great Plains
Region, says the Crow Creek parcel is one of the region's most complicated
ownership situations, but it's far from unusual to have hundreds or even
thousands of owners on a reservation tract.

"Our average in the Great Plains Region is probably going to be around 60
(owners) or so," Clifford says. "But we do have some really highly fractionated
parcels."

The reason things got so complicated is because of the General Allotment Act of
1887, also called the Dawes Act. The act gave pieces of reservation land to
individual tribal members. When an allottee dies without a will, title ownership
for the parcel of land is divided among heirs, giving each parcel an
exponentially greater number of owners. The U.S. Department of Agriculture says
there are more than 245,000 owners of 3 million fractionated land interests on
approximately 150 Indian reservations.

A new loan program through Farm Service Agency seeks to help tribal farmers and
ranchers consolidate agricultural land with multiple owners. The Native American
Community Development Corporation Financial Services Inc., of Browning, Mont.,
recently was chosen as the first lender for the Highly Fractionated Indian Land
Loan program, created by the 2014 Farm Bill.

Matt Harrington, ag business outreach coordinator for NACDCFS, says helping
farmers and ranchers purchase majority stakes of the land on which they work
will give tribal producers more control over their operations.

Clifford says people who want to lease reservation land can negotiate with
owners, or, in a more common scenario, the BIA takes lease offers on bids,
awards five-year contracts and splits the proceeds among owners. In either
scenario, BIA has to approve contracts, he explains.

Lessees often would prefer to negotiate with the owners of the land, but with
such complicated scenarios, they fall back on bidding through BIA, Clifford
says. That means they are at the mercy of the bidding process to continue using
the land. Plus, purchasing a controlling stake in the land outright can be
complicated.

"This program was created to address a longstanding barrier to agricultural
financing in Indian Country," says USDA Under Secretary Michael T. Scuse in a
statement. "Working with intermediary lenders, the program allows USDA to help
increase the availability of farm loans to Native Americans who want to start or
expand a farming or ranching operation on Indian lands."

Harrington says NACDCFS held a producer meeting on Nov. 5 that drew more than 50
people from the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, where NACDCFS is located. Since
then, they've had interest from producers on Montana's Crow Nation and from
reservations as far away as Oklahoma. No loans have been given out yet, but
Harrington says several people are in the application process.

"It's an excellent opportunity to be able to own your own land and have a little
more control over it," Harrington says.

He says the program is comparable to the Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal
Nations laid out in the Cobell Settlement Agreement, which provided $1.9 billion
to consolidate fractional land interests. But that program puts newly
consolidated interests in tribal trust ownership for uses benefiting the
reservation community and tribal members, and it doesn't address individuals who
want to buy controlling stakes.

Clifford, who had not heard of the new loan program, says the buy-back program
has been a very popular way for tribal members with very small interests in land
to sell out. Someone who gets $10 per year out of lease payments may be more
interested in getting $120 up front to sell their portion, he says.

As the only financial company so far approved to work on the Highly Fractionated
Indian Land Loan Program, NACDCFS will work with qualified producers anywhere in
the country, Harrington says. Tribes and tribal members apply through NACDCFS,
which will administer the loan for the applicant.

Harrington says the loan may be the easiest part of the buying process. With so
many owners on many parcels of land, finding enough of them to encompass 51
percent or more of the ownership could be a struggle, and the BIA has to approve
any deal.

"Finding them is a challenge," Harrington says.

Clifford agrees: "They have to want to sell it to you."

For more information on the Highly Fractionated Indian Land Loan program, visit
fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or contact the local FSA county office.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161226-AW-New-loan
-program-helps-consolidate-multi-owner-reservation-land-1226-20161226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Mortgages on Reservations Stalled by Bureaucracy

                           January 28, 1999, Thursday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN

DATELINE: WINDOW ROCK, Ariz.


Norwest Mortgage's location here couldn't be better. But more than a year after
it opened shop on the Navajo reservation, the company is still waiting for
customers to line up for home loans.

The problem is the bureaucratic gauntlet that borrowers and lenders must run to
close mortgage loans on tribal trust land.

Of all the product lines offered at the branch, mortgages "have the most red
tape," said Marty Hatathlie, who was the sole loan officer until he quit
recently for personal reasons. It is "extremely difficult to get anything
through."

Bobby Lowe, 52, a self-employed barber and a homeowner since mid- December,
lives in one of the 30 new homes in the Ganado Acres subdivision, 30 miles west
of Window Rock. He plans to open his own barber shop by enclosing the open-air
garage of his home.

But Mr. Lowe wasn't able to get a mortgage from a bank, and the housing shortage
on the reservation kept him on the tribe's waiting list for eight years.

His financing finally came from the tribe's mutual help program. The former HUD
program lets homeowners pay back according to their income at a rate of 15% of
their adjusted income for up to 25 years.

Despite the red tape, Norwest is one of a handful of banks that has made
mortgage loans on the Navajo reservation. The call to address the needs of the
underserved communities is being heeded by big lenders, including Washington
Mutual Inc., which is becoming active on Northwestern reservations, and by
smaller banks near reservations.

Most of the Navajo Nation's land is held in trust for the tribe by the federal
government, which means title cannot be transferred in the event of a
foreclosure.

The reservation, with more than 17 million acres-nearly 27,000 square
miles-touches parts of New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah, and is roughly the size of
West Virginia.

Noting its population, of more than 250,000, Native American housing advocates
compare it to an entire city being left without a full range of financial
services.

Because of its size and the need for housing, the Navajo reservation has been
selected as one of two national sites for a federal program-the one- stop
mortgage center initiative-led by the departments of Treasury and Housing and
Urban Development.

The initiative came under an executive order from President Clinton last August.
It will also be tested on the Pine Ridge reservation in Pine Ridge, South
Dakota, of the Oglala Lakota Sioux.

"Our housing need here is just tremendous," said Chester Carl, executive
director of the Navajo Housing Authority, the tribal government agency that
addresses housing needs. "We have over 30,000 families that need homes."

Since December 1997, when the Norwest outlet opened for business, the lender has
closed six loans on the reservation It hopes to close up to 30 a year.

"Any other location in the United States, you'll find that the longest it takes
for a mortgage company to record a loan is 48 hours, and traditionally they are
done within 24 hours," Mr. Carl said. But Norwest's loans took much longer to
close because of the steps required for making a loan on tribal trust land.

And the lending ground to a halt in June because of a disagreement between the
Navajo Nation and HUD's Office of Native American Programs.

Norwest "is set up to do HUD 184 mortgages and, at this point in time, the
Office of Native American Programs is not issuing the guarantees at the Navajo
Nation," explained John Lucero, a community development sales representative for
Norwest Mortgage.

The tribe wants to be able to terminate a lease at any time without notifying
HUD or without HUD approval. Though the Navajo Nation and the Office of Native
American Programs are working on the language of the lease-hold agreement, there
is no immediate solution in sight to the dispute, Mr. Lucero said.

Norwest says Mr. Hatathlie's departure was unrelated to the impasse, but that it
will not hire a replacement until the issue is resolved.

The biggest obstacle to mortgage lending is the home-site issue, which allows
for an encumbrance on the property. If the issue had not come up, "we'd be
making mortgages all day long," Mr. Lucero said.

The mortgage loans made so far by the Wells Fargo & Co. unit have depended on
techniques that were not "in the manual," Mr. Lucero said- including pulling
interested parties into a conference room to break the bureaucracy.

"The size of the government here is so overwhelming," Mr. Lucero said. "The
borrower was not the problem; it was the system and working within the system."

Norwest hopes the one-stop mortgage program will create "the blueprint that
could be used in the different tribal trust land areas," nationwide, said Mr.
Lucero.

Ultimately, the goal of the program is to establish a team of mortgage bankers,
tribal officers, and government agency officials who are committed to cutting
the red tape and facilitating mortgage lending on tribal trust land.

On reservations, the mortgage process requires hand-holding because it is in the
"infant stage," Mr. Lucero said. "All of this is a learned behavior. The
mortgage concept is so new."

To help educate customers, Norwest has been developing advertising spots and a
radio program for the Navajo Nation's radio station. The plan is to target young
families with a 15-minute, twice-a-week program to discuss mortgages, credit
reports, checking and savings.

In place of a traditional banking system, about 130 trading posts do business on
the reservation. They allow customers to pawn jewelry, rugs, or other crafts for
a percentage of their worth, creating what amounts to a bank account.

But cars and access to modern supermarkets have made the Navajo Nation a
"post-trading post society," said Martin N.Gerwitz, community bank president for
Norwest Bank. "We're in the process of moving to a regular banking society," he
said.

Mr. Gerwitz estimates that 75% of the Navajo Nation doesn't bank anywhere, and
that a large percentage don't speak English and use thumbprints instead of
signatures. But he said more people are putting money into checking and savings
accounts, as the culture slowly adapts to traditional banking.

The recent merger between Norwest Corp. and Wells Fargo means the company will
have eight branches on the Navajo reservation: four traditional branches that
have been Norwest branches, and four in "Bashas," a chain of grocery stores on
the reservation where Wells Fargo had a presence.

Norwest offers auto loans, unsecured loans, and commercial loans to the tribe
and to tribal enterprises, Mr. Gerwitz said. Norwest began making these type of
loans in July 1996. The bank has made $27.1 million in loans through December
1998, of which $10 million are consumer loans.

Norwest acquired its branches on the Navajo reservation when it bought
Citibank's Arizona operations in November 1994. Total deposits at the bank were
$39.7 million in 1994 and they have grown to $64.4 million, Mr. Gerwitz said.

"Norwest has been able to provide a lot of banking services that other banks
can't provide," Mr. Carl said, including an extended credit line to the Navajo
Housing Authority. Though the bank's branches are still used primarily for
checking and check cashing, Mr. Carl says Norwest has been "the most aggressive"
bank to operate on the reservation during his tenure.

"The root of the problem is how does a Native American, a Navajo, build equity
in their life and start a business?" Mr. Gerwitz said.

The answer, he says, is home equity loans. The mortgage bank has already closed
home equity loans on "checkerboard" or fee-simple land reservation, and hopes to
expand this program under a new master-lease program on tribal trust land.

The new master-lease arrangement must still be approved by the Navajo Nation.
Mr. Carl said it would allow the tribe to reassign a lot to someone else should
the homeowner default on the mortgage; provide small-business opportunities; and
speed up the process.

The opportunities the lease provides "might bring Indian professionals back" to
the reservation, Mr. Carl said.

Meanwhile, the Navajo Housing Authority is trying to take itself out of the role
as middleman between borrowers and banks and to open the door for banks to play
"a greater role in the economics of the Navajo Nation," Mr. Carl said.

Efforts are afoot to educate families about taking out loans from banks and to
help families play an active role in the design of their own home.

Mr. Carl is frustrated that the only loan marketed on the Navajo reservation has
been the HUD section 184 loan guarantee program.

"Families have already shown the responsibility to make payments on vehicles, on
mobile homes, they've done it for years and years, why not do it on homes? The
whole key to that is to build a home that has value," Mr. Carl said.

A mortgage payment would be less than a car payment for Native Americans on the
reservation, added Mr. Lucero. With the lease arrangement on the reservation,
borrowers only have to pay for the costs of a house, not the land, he said.

In the Northwest, Washington Mutual has about 26 tribes in its service area and
has closed 39 loans on individual and tribal trust lands since 1994, said Beth
W. Castro, vice president and manager of community reinvestment program
development for Washington Mutual in Seattle.

The thrift relies on FHA loans, conventional portfolio loans, and manufactured
home loans for lending in Indian country. The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle
has been a key partner in sponsoring affordable- housing grants, Ms. Castro
said.

First National Bank of Farmington, in northern New Mexico, has also been making
mortgage loans on the Navajo reservation, but has encountered frustrations with
the ever-changing bureaucracy.

"There's a lot of unknowns, even if you get past the legal issues of foreclosure
and eviction," said Cathy Coleman, assistant vice president for CRA and
commercial loans at the unit of First Place Financial Corp.

Mortgage lenders and banks are "going to have to take a risk and find what's
going to work, how it's going to work, and find the best reasonable way of
providing loans in Indian Country," Mr. Carl said.

"Once they do that, then there is a gold mine at the end of that trail and there
are opportunities for monies to be made."

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1736 words

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Second in a Series

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Tribes Agree to Underwrite Proposal for Nation's Largest Indian Bank

BYLINE: By PAUL ZIELBAUER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1577 words


After two years of planning, 11 Indian tribes or tribal corporations from across
the country, including the Mashantucket Pequots of Connecticut, have agreed to
commit $1 million each to found the nation's largest intertribal bank ever.

The Native American National Bank, which would have its headquarters in Denver,
would be subject to the same laws and regulations as any other bank in the
United States. It would focus initially on providing large-scale loans to
Indian-owned businesses, though it would also invest in non-Indian companies,
its members said. As a wholesale bank, it would not make small loans to
individuals, at least at first.

The bank's goal is to help alleviate the misery afflicting many American Indians
by harnessing hundreds of millions of dollars to invest in bold new tribal
ventures, like buffalo slaughterhouses in the Great Plains and lumber mills in
the Northwest. The tribes say they hope to move rapidly into territory that
commercial banks -- wary of the complications and risks associated with lending
to Indian tribes that do not recognize many federal laws -- have long been
reluctant to explore.

But their plan faces formidable hurdles. Though they already have $11 million in
pledges, the tribes are still seeking to raise another $19 million in start-up
capital: $15 million in investments from large commercial banks and $1 million
each from four additional tribes. And once the money is raised, the bank will
need to attract hundreds of millions of dollars to invest, banking experts said.
Typically, that investment capital comes from deposits, and Indian officials
estimate that existing banks hold at least $200 million in deposits from tribes
and their members.

But there is great uncertainty about whether those depositors would turn their
money over to the new bank, and whether there are enough profitable loans to be
made to Indians and tribes, experts said.

Native American National Bank expects to submit its federal charter application
in October, said Tex Hall, the chairman of Native American National Bancorp, the
bank's holding company, and of the Three Affiliated Tribes of North Dakota.

If approved, the bank would be unique in several respects, tribal and banking
industry officials said. With $30 million in projected start-up capital, it
would be the largest financial institution ever created, owned and controlled
solely by American Indians, and the first created specifically to invest
primarily in other tribe-owned businesses.

"You've never seen the tribes get together to do a banker's bank, one that would
focus on transactions between tribes themselves," said Jan Kalmus, a national
bank examiner and licensing expert with the United States Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency.

The bank would also be unusual in taking on two roles at once: as a community
bank serving Indians, and as a national bank making corporate-sized loans.
Although it would be small for a bank with coast-to-coast ambitions, it would be
much larger than most community banks.

Starting Native American National Bank is necessary for several reasons, its
members said. Foremost among them is a profound dissatisfaction with the federal
government's tight hold on billions that tribes have amassed by leasing their
land and from court settlements awarded to them over the decades. But they have
not been able to use the money, which the government holds for them in trust.

"If we don't do this, the federal government is going to continue to hold us
hostage," Mr. Hall said. "We have to capitalize our own private bank. What we're
talking about is nation building, tribal nation building."

The idea to start a national Indian bank also comes at a time when extraordinary
amounts of cash from casino gambling are tumbling into tribal coffers. The
Foxwoods casino in Ledyard, Conn., for example, now has gross annual revenue of
more than $1 billion, making the Pequot tribe one of the wealthiest in North
America. The new bank would cater to managing such tribes' financial resources.

Native American National Bank is part of a wave of banks owned, wholly or
partially, by Indian tribes. There are 10 such banks in the United States and
Canada, up from 3 in 1995, said J. D. Colbert, president of the North American
Native Bankers Association. In 1972, a group of tribes from the Seattle area
founded their own bank, American Indian National Bank, on a second floor of an
office building in Washington, D.C., Mr. Colbert said. But, poorly run and
underfinanced, the bank folded in the late 1980's, he said.

Unlike that venture, Native American National Bank represents a broad coalition
trying to create wealth among all tribes, Ms. Kalmus said.

So far, the Pequots are the only tribe in the Northeast that has agreed to
underwrite the bank. The other tribes, Mr. Hall said, are the Seminoles in
Florida; the Cheyenne River Sioux in South Dakota; the Grand Traverse Band of
Ottawa and Chippewa in Michigan; the Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa in Minnesota;
the Ute Mountain Tribe in Colorado; the Tlingit and Haida tribes, jointly, in
Alaska; the Arctic Slope Regional Corp., comprising several tribes in northern
Alaska; the Navajo Tribe in Utah, Arizona and New Mexico; the Puyallup Tribe in
Washington; and Mr. Hall's Three Affiliated Tribes in North Dakota.

Richard A. Hayward, the Pequot tribe's vice chairman, who preceded Mr. Hall as
chairman of the bank's holding company, committed to joining the bank late last
year, said a tribal spokesman, Arthur Henick. Mr. Hayward declined to be
interviewed.

To raise half of the $30 million Indian leaders say they want to have before
applying for a charter, Native American National Bancorp is also hoping to lure
investments from three commercial banks: Bank of America, Bank One and Wells
Fargo, Mr. Hall said. Investing in the tribal bank would help commercial banks
fulfill federal requirements that they invest some assets in minority or
community-based institutions.

The bank is also seeking million-dollar commitments from an additional four
tribes. Officials of the Mohegan tribe, in Montville, Conn., said they were
considering joining the bank venture. "It's very important for Indian tribes to
be going into this venture," said Jayne G. Fawcett, the Mohegans' vice chairman.

Tribal leaders said the move to start their own bank was a reaction to several
recent trends. For one, the influx of millions of dollars from casino gambling
revenue on reservations around the country has created a huge, unprecedented
source of tribal capital, they said, and intensified the efforts of many tribes
that do not have casinos to become financially independent.

But on a deeper level they have also begun pressing the federal government to
account for billions of dollars it has held in increasingly disorganized trust
accounts on tribes' behalf. The trusts have been largely inaccessible to Indians
since the mid-19th century, Indian officials said. "The assumption back then was
that Indians were basically incompetent to handle their financial affairs," Mr.
Colbert said.

Tribes have recently begun using aggressive measures to get control of that
trust money. A federal lawsuit, brought by a Blackfeet tribal member in 1998,
for instance, seeks to force the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs to hand
over $3 billion to 300,000 individual Indians and hundreds of tribal governments
nationwide. The suit is pending.

There is another factor in the Indians' desire to bank for themselves: the
obvious discomfort, on both sides, with Indians' borrowing from mainstream
commercial banks.

"They are a little fearful of giving Indians loans," Greg Bourland, chairman of
the Cheyenne River Sioux tribe in South Dakota, said of the banks. Before they
lend money to Indians, banks often require them to sign a waiver that prohibits
the Indians from using their tribe's sovereign status as a shield to avoid legal
disputes filed in United States courts. If the borrower agrees and then
defaults, the bank can try to acquire a portion of tribal land, which the
federal government holds in trust, banking experts said. Many Indians are loath
to sign such a waiver.

"That is a difficult legal, and certainly a difficult emotional, issue," said
Ms. Kalmus. "Native American National Bank would be very much more sensitive to
those issues."

Stephen Fitzgerald, Bank of America's national program manager for
Indian-related investments, said an Indian-owned national bank might be more
willing to subsidize tribal projects than banks like his.

But banking experts say a national Indian-owned bank seeking to invest primarily
in tribal ventures will face many obstacles. "They're trying to serve a niche
market that's spread over a broad geographic area," said Bert Ely, a banking
industry consultant in Alexandria, Va.

Tribal officials say the bank would be adequately staffed to handle hundreds of
million-dollar loans simultaneously. To build enough investment capital, a
national bank should be able to attract about 10 times the amount in its
start-up fund, banking experts said.

"How quickly are they going to be able to reach that asset size?" Mr. Ely asked.

The new bank's chief executive, John Beirise, a former head of institutional
banking at Mercantile Bancorporation Inc. in St. Louis, is writing the charter
application, the document that holds the answers to many of these questions. He
declined to be interviewed.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Richard A. Hayward of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribe in
Connecticut committed last year to joining the new bank. (Steve Miller); Tex
Hall of North Dakota, above, chairman of the holding company for Native American
National Bank, said an intertribal bank was necessary. (Eloise Ogden/Minot N.D.
Daily News)(pg. B2)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Washington: Alaskan Native Americans learn about VA home loan program

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Veterans Affairs, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

On Sunday, July 27, I arrived in Alaska at one of its most southern communities,
Metlakatla. I had come to Alaska with the goal of expanding awareness of and
access to an alternative route for Native America Veterans to use their home
loan benefit, the Native American Direct Loan (NADL) Program. The signing
ceremony at Metlakatla was significant - it marked the Department of Veterans
Affairs' first NADL partner in the state of Alaska.

During my short but successful trip, in addition to signing a memorandum of
understanding with the Metlakatla Indian Community, I joined other VA staff in
meeting with other tribal leaders across Alaska, and sharing information on VA
benefits and services, including health care, compensation and the VA home loan
benefit. During our visit, eight additional tribes signed letters of intent to
work with VA's NADL program - bringing this important benefit closer to even
more Veterans living in Alaska. The contacts we made will be vital to the
success of VA's increased presence throughout the state.VA's Native American
Loan Program is a unique benefit that provides direct home loans to Native
American Veterans living on tribal land. The program began in 1992 to help
ensure such Veterans could access their VA home loan benefit, because
traditional banks hesitated to lend on federal trust land. Under this program,
Native American Veterans whose tribes have executed an agreement with VA have
more options to use their earned home loan benefit: they can purchase a home
using either a conventional loan (their "plain vanilla" VA guaranteed loan
benefit) or through a loan that VA makes directly to them.

After meeting with the Metlakatla Indian Community, we traveled by cargo plane,
sea plane, and boat, delivering food, provisions and information on benefits to
Veterans in Bethel and the native communities of Kwethluk, Akiak, Tuluksak,
Toksook Bay, Nunakauyak, Umkumiut, Night Mute and Tununak. This was some of the
most remote land I have ever seen, and I was honored that Alaskan Veterans who
live almost entirely off the land made the trip to meet with us. There was a
strong sense of community in each village we visited and residents were eager to
learn more about their VA benefits.

I traveled with Gina Capra, VA's Director of Rural Health; Susan Yeager, who
leads VA's Alaskan health care services; Verdie Bowen, head of the Alaskan state
Department of Veterans Affairs; and members of their staff. We enrolled more
than 50 Veterans into the VA Healthcare system during our trip, many of whom
were applying for benefits for the first time. Verdie Bowen helped one World War
II Veteran apply for his long-overdue National Guard retirement, which will
result in a significant retroactive payment to this wonderful man.

Susan Yeager has identified and implemented a remarkable model of partnering
with state services, Indian Health Services and National Public Health to
provide access and care to Veterans subsisting in some of the most remote places
in America.Another small plane took us to Toksook Bay where we met with tribal
leaders from Nightmute, Unikumiut and Tununak. As soon as the word spread that
we had arrived, the town hall was flooded with Veterans wanting to know more
about the NADL program and to sign up for health benefits. Each Veteran was
connected to VA staff members from Alaska who will ensure they receive the
benefits they have earned and deserve. After Toksook Bay, we traveled back to
Bethel and took part in a stand-down which connected more than 600 Veterans to
benefits and services. This was the first stand-down held in Bethel, Alaska.

After this trip, the hard work begins - working with eligible Native American
Veterans to purchase, build, or re-finance homes in remote areas of Alaska.
We'll be working closely with all of the partners we met on this trip to turn
the letters of intent they signed with VA into direct home loans for Alaska
Veterans.

For more information please visit: http://www.blogs.va.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 August 4, 1997

OCC Promotes Indian Lending

BYLINE: BY EUGENE A. LUDWIG, Comptroller of the Currency; Mr. Ludwig recently
addressed a joint conference of the Department of Justice and the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency on banking in Indian Country.  His excerpted remarks
are presented as our Open Forum.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 798 words


When I became Comptroller in 1993, I read the studies and the statistics
documenting the disconnect between banks and the Native American people.  But
numbers sit on the page flat and mute.  Telling though they were, their impact
could not compete with the impressions I took home from my first visit to the
Navajo Nation in March 1994.  I will never forget those two days.  We held a
historic meeting, bringing together representatives of our banks, the tribal
government, and the federal government.  When I asked the three dozen or so
bankers in attendance how many of them had made a mortgage loan on the Navajo
reservation, not a single hand went up.

On that vast reservation - over 200,000 people living on a 26,000 square mile
expanse - a total of three banking offices and two automatic teller machines
were then open for business.

Some Navajos had to make a 140-mile round trip to visit a branch.  The lack of
lending and scarcity of other bank services were just one part of a barren
economic landscape, which featured a median family income below the poverty
level, widespread substandard housing, and an unemployment rate as high as 50%.

With more than a little justice, the Navajo people felt abandoned - by the
national government, by the banks, and by the bank regulators.

We have come some distance since then.  Shortly after returning from my Navajo
visit, the OCC launched an aggressive three-part strategy designed to improve
the provision of financial services to Native Americans.  This strategy embraced
the following:

* First, vigorous enforcement of the fair lending and community reinvestment
statutes to candidate discrimination and promote opportunity for Native
Americans;

* Second, creation of partnerships between banks, tribal governments, and
community organizations to promote information-sharing and the development of
innovative solutions to the financial services problems of Native Americans;

* Third, educational efforts to help bankers and Native Americans understand and
address the unique set of legal and cultural complexities that make lending in
Indian country more challenging than lending in other low and moderate income
communities.

We have taken a series of steps to advance this strategy, and have achieved some
good results.  Our revised Community Reinvestment Act regulations specifically
informed banks for the first time that lending, investing, and providing bank
services to residents of Indian country would receive favorable CRA
consideration.  Thanks in part to our renewed emphasis on performance under CRA,
banks have stepped up to the plate and found profitable opportunities to provide
financial services critical to the economic development of Native Americans.

The Navajo reservation is beginning to look different than it looked in 1994 -
where there were three bank branches then, today there are 12.  Where there were
2 ATMs, today there are 14.  And, it is worth highlighting that some of these
banking facilities are among the most active and most profitable in the entire
network of the banks that own them.

Also encouraging is the continued increase in the number of banks owned by
Native Americans themselves.  The OCC has been working in partnership with
several Indian tribes for more than a decade to enable Native Americans to have
the same opportunity as other Americans to own a financial institution.

Since the OCC chartered the Blackfeet National Bank in 1987, we have resolved
critical questions about the relationship between our oversight authority and
Indian sovereignty, and gained important insight into the novel issues involved
with tribally-owned banking and commercial enterprises.  Today, four national
banks are owned entirely or primarily by Native Americans, and we are in active
discussions with nearly a dozen tribal organizing groups interested in following
suit.

he OCC stands ready to advise and support tribes and tribal business leaders in
their efforts to launch financial institutions.

From the increase of Native American and non-Native American-owned financial
institutions in Indian country has come an increase in lending activity,
particularly in the area of homeownership.  Alone and in partnership with the
public sector, financial institutions are discovering that the legal and
bureaucratic barriers to profitable relationships with Native American borrowers
can be surmounted with the proper application of determination, education, and
innovation.

The value of Native American mortgage loans purchased by Fannie Mae in 1996 was
more than six times that of just a year earlier.  The ability to sell these
loans in the secondary market enables banks to originate more loans.  Between
1993 and 1995, home purchase loans to Native Americans increased 16%.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1998

Lack of Homeownership Opportunities 'Shocking' for American Indians: NAIHC

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: Tampa, FL


According to figures offered by Chester Carl, chairman of the National American
Indian Housing Council and executive director of the Navajo Housing Authority, a
shockingly large number of Native Americans are denied decent housing.

In general in tribal areas, he said, 40% of the housing is considered
substandard, compared with 5.9% of housing generally.

Other assertions by Mr. Carl, in an address he delivered to the NAIHC's annual
convention here, are that:

* 21% of all homes are overcrowded, compared with the nationwide 2.7% average.

* 16.5% of Native American households in tribal areas are without complete
plumbing.

* The poverty rate for rural Native Americans is 37%, a rate that is more than
three times the rate for white Americans living in rural areas, and the highest
of any racial/ethnic group.

* Among low-income American Indian households in tribal areas, more than 30% are
either overcrowded or have facility deficiencies.  This compares to 19% in
surrounding counties and 13% in other metropolitan households.

* The waiting list for rental housing in tribal areas is 30,000, a number that
represents one-half of the existing low-income rental units.

* Unemployment is not the primary cause of housing-related problems facing
American Indians; 71% of Mutual Help occupants in tribal areas are wage earners.
The share of wage earners in the Indian Rental program is much greater than that
of public housing.

NAIHC executive director Christopher Boesen said fewer than 20 conventional home
loans are made on Indian land each year.

Mr. Boesen prefers the involvement of bankers as well as Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac to help finance housing as opposed to congressional appropriations.

Then Mr. Boesen outlined a five-part program designed to address the problem.
It includes:

* Creating greater awareness among housing advocates, educators, financial
institutions, government leaders and members of Congress regarding the issues
related to housing production and finance.  A national housing conference will
take place in October to showcase research, share information and demonstrate
effective models.

* Creating a partners program for financial institutions, including Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac, to help create a flow of funds.

* A two-part program in which bankers will be trained regarding the challenges
and opportunities in Indian housing, and in which housing officials will be
trained regarding financial programs for housing.

* The creation of an Indian-owned financial institution, bank or credit union,
to help provide the ongoing funding needed not just for housing, but also to
stimulate economic development.

* The launch of an award program to stimulate discussion and to seek out
culturally relevant financial models for expanding availability of private
capital.

"Our members feel optimistic and feel they are ready for a new era," said Jane
DeMarines, a manager at the NAIHC.  "They feel the ball is in their court and
they want to be partners with government and partner with private-sector
programs.  One of the easiest things to fix is to get help from the Bureau of
Indian Affairs by clearing out the staggering backlog of title searches.  There
is a 113 staff year backlog of title searches, and that number is growing.

"One of the leading financial institutions in solving the problems of Indian
housing has been Washington Mutual of Seattle, which has produced the greatest
number of conventional mortgages on Indian land."

The NAIHC represents more than 500 Indian tribes and their housing officials.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Photographed at the National American Indian Housing Council's
annual convention were: Chester Carl, NAIHC chairman and executive director of
the Navajo Housing Authority; Christopher Boesen, executive director of the
NAIHC; Jacqueline Johnson, deputy assistant secretary for Indian affairs at HUD;
and Ernie Stevens, first vice president of the National Congress of American
Indians.

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Endless Debt: Native Americans Plagued by High-Interest Loans

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Washington


Center for Responsible Lending has issued the following news release:

Several advocacy groups, including Human Rights Watch, suggest that Native
American communities are burdened with predatory loans more than other U.S.
communities. New Mexico state lending data shows that towns bordering Native
American reservations issue hundreds of thousands of small-dollar loans each
year, often with high interest rates that can snare borrowers in a cycle of
debt.

Research by Arvind Ganesen, director of Human Rights Watch's business and human
rights division, looked at survey responses from nearly 400 Native Americans in
New Mexico and South Dakota reservations. Half of them had used small-dollar,
usually high-interest loans at a rate far above the national average. Many
tribal laws prohibit high-interest lending on reservations, but residents simply
head to border towns for tax refund loans and other forms of expensive credit.
"The reservations are credit ghettos," according to Marvin Ginn, director of
Native Community Finance. "When we come off the reservation, the easiest and
sometimes only way to get a loan is through a predatory lender."

Border-town lenders often secure their loans with borrowers' important
documents, such as birth certificates or tax information, since Navajo laws
prohibit non-Native lenders from repossessing financed items or garnishing wages
earned on tribal land. Erica Friedlander, managing attorney at the Navajo
organization DNA Legal Aid, says that over a third of its clients with small-
loan consumer issues have had documents taken as collateral by lenders. Karen
Meyers, director of the Consumer Protection Division of the New Mexico Attorney
General, says this practice could violate the Unfair Practices Act under New
Mexico law.

Jean Philips, an attorney at New Mexico Legal Aid in Gallup, says small-dollar
lending can have far-reaching consequences, including losing cars and mobile
homes to repossession. "I've had clients who've gone hungry because they are
paying back their loans," she said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 25, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

On Indian Reservations, Little Hope for Home Loans

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1274 words


Chester Carl seemed the ideal candidate for a conventional home mortgage. He
owned three thriving small businesses -- a silk-screen printing operation, a
television satellite dish company and a shop that manufactured camper shells for
pickup trucks -- and he had an excellent credit rating along with a reputation
as a solid family man.

But when he decided to build his dream house in 1982 -- and again 10 years later
when he started work on another house -- he did not even bother applying to a
bank for a home loan. Instead, he worked on the houses piecemeal, building room
by room from check to check as he became able to buy the materials and pay for
the labor.

The reason: Carl is an American Indian and his houses are on the sprawling
Navajo reservation that straddles eastern Arizona and western New Mexico. There,
as is the case on most of the nation's approximately 550 Indian reservations,
obtaining a conventional home loan -- or even a federally backed mortgage -- is
easier said than done.

"In the real world, you figure you can get a mortgage in a few months," said
Carl, who since his experiences has become chairman of the National American
Indian Housing Council. "But I didn't even bother asking for one because of the
frustrations I knew would be involved."

According to federal statistics, during the five years from 1992 through 1996,
the 1.2 million Native Americans living on federal trust lands obtained a grand
total of 91 conventional home mortgages. And 80 of those loans were made to
members of two tribes -- the Tulalips of Washington state and the Oneidas of
Wisconsin -- as a result of special lending programs run by three banks in those
states.

The conventional home loans to Indians during the five-year period had a total
value of about $ 5 million, a minuscule portion of the $ 785 billion that was
loaned for home-buying in all of the United States in 1996 alone.

Moreover, the latest data released under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act for
1997 show a 52 percent denial rate for the few reservation Indians who applied
for conventional loans -- double the denial rate for whites and triple that for
Asian Americans. Only black applicants had a tougher time getting loans, with a
53 percent denial rate.

"Basically, what it means is that if you want a nice home, you have to move off
the reservation," said Christopher D. Boesen, executive director of the National
American Indian Housing Council.

Boesen said that choice perpetuates substandard housing on reservations and
causes a drain of "economically viable people" who move off reservations to get
home loans. It also leads to an absence of equity accumulation on reservations
and, consequently, fewer start-ups of small businesses.

As it is, according to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and other federal agencies
that track reservation housing, 40 percent of the housing in tribal areas is
considered substandard, more than six times the rate for the general population.
Twenty-one percent of homes in tribal lands are overcrowded -- nearly 10 times
the proportion elsewhere -- and more than 16 percent of Indian households do not
have adequate plumbing. The National American Indian Housing Council estimates
that 200,000 housing units are needed immediately in Indian areas.

Native American advocacy groups contend the disparity between conventional home
loans granted on reservations and those given elsewhere is a result of
"redlining" by banks -- putting reservations off limits to mortgages because of
poverty, bad credit, high unemployment and alcohol and drug abuse.

But banks say, and Native American housing experts acknowledge, that other
factors are involved.

The biggest is the ambiguity of the title to reservation property that normally
has to be put up as as collateral for home mortgages, combined with the
uncertainty among lenders about whether they can foreclose on such tribal trust
lands in the event of default. Because of the complex legal status of Native
American trust lands, and limitations on their use as collateral, banks often
follow the path of least resistance and turn down mortgage applications or drag
out processing so long that Indians do not even bother asking for a loan,
advocates for fair lending practices contend.

Federal officials say banks are also unfamiliar with the tribal courts in which
litigation is conducted when foreclosures occur and are concerned about the
absence of housing ordinances governing foreclosures on reservations.

Generally, reservation land is owned by the federal government and held in trust
on behalf of a tribe, while the tribal government, in turn, parcels out home
sites to tribal members under long-term leases, usually for 50 years and, for
some tribes, up to 99 years.

"The trust status has been the biggest historical impediment to lending on
tribal lands," said Joseph Pigg, a senior counsel at the American Bankers
Association. "Obviously there is a tremendous market there, and we'd like to
develop it if we can, but there are major obstacles in developing procedures."

Pigg said a few large financial institutions, including Bank of America and
Norwest Corp., have made major commitments to increase lending to Indians and
that several government programs help fill the gap with federally backed home
loans on reservations.

However, Boesen said the banks' declared concerns over establishing clear title
are, in many cases, a "cop-out" that masks a lack of commitment to
nondiscriminatory lending. "Ultimately, I don't think they think it's worth the
trouble. They don't think this is a big enough market to bother with, and it's
easy to claim there are a lot of legal problems," he said.

A General Accounting Office report this year said that between 1983 and
September of last year, lenders made only 128 loans on trust lands under two
Native American mortgage guarantee programs operated by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development. The GAO report said that a Federal Housing
Administration mortgage insurance program backed 18 loans to Indians worth $ 1.4
million in fiscal 1997, and that the Department of Veterans Affairs made 32
loans totaling $ 2.6 million.

However, the GAO said that because of poverty and joblessness on reservations,
"even if the barriers to conventional home purchase lending are eliminated, the
economic status of many Native Americans on trust lands may preclude them from
qualifying for these loans."

Carl praised Fannie Mae, a government-chartered organization that provides money
for mortgages, for financing $ 54 million in Indian home purchases over the past
three years. But he said more is needed to end mortgage redlining and improve
"third world housing conditions" on reservations.

In Carl's case, it took eight years and most of his earnings to finish the first
house. He also had to come up with cash to make his second dream home come true,
a $ 12,000 bungalow that he bought from a utility company and expanded into what
he now reckons is a $ 65,000 dwelling.

After overcoming the financing obstacles with the sweat of his brow, he became
the head of the Navajo Housing Authority and later took over as leader of the
national council, the only country-wide association representing Indian housing
concerns. His decision to become an advocate for Native American homeownership,
Carl said, stemmed from the realization that "Indian Country still remains,
basically, unserved by the majority of the lending community."

Critics say the lack of home loans perpetuates substandard housing such as this,
on the Choctaw Indian Reservation in Hugo, Okla.


LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,NATIONAL AMERICAN INDIAN HOUSING COUNCIL

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2015
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded. The foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Native American Congressional Internship

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 31, 2014
Contact

Email: curlin@udall.gov
Purpose

The Native American Congressional Internship offers a ten-week summer internship
for Native American and Alaska Native students who wish to learn more about the
federal government and issues affecting Indian Country.

Interns work in congressional and agency offices where they have opportunities
to research legislative issues important to tribal communities, network with key
public officials and tribal advocacy groups, experience an insider's view of the
federal government, and enhance their understanding of nation-building and
tribal self-governance.
Eligibility

Applicants must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives who:

Are college juniors or seniors, recent graduates from tribal or four-year
colleges, or graduate or law students
    Have demonstrated an interest in fields related to tribal public policy,
such as tribal governance, tribal law, Native American education, Native
American health, Native American justice, natural resource protection, cultural
preservation and revitalization, and Native American economic development

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The internship is fully funded: the Foundation provides round-trip airfare,
housing, per diem for food and incidentals, and a stipend at the close of the
program.
Application
process

A link to the application materials is available on the program website.

Completed applications should be mailed to:
The Udall Foundation
Native American Congressional Internship Program
130 South Scott Avenue
Tucson, AZ, 85701-1922
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Minorities, Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Awards Grants to Native American Communities to Strengthen Small
Businesses and Create Jobs

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing support
to Native American communities in 18 states to help strengthen tribal business
and create jobs. The funding is from USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program, which promotes the development of small and emerging businesses
in rural areas.

"USDA continues to create ladders of opportunity in Native American communities
by investing in the tools needed to create good-paying jobs and raise the
quality of life for residents," Vilsack said. "These strategic investments will
help deliver more products and services to local customers, boost residents'
earnings and improve the economic vitality of these tribal communities."

Rural Business Enterprise Grants also may be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
include local governments, non-profit corporations and federally recognized
Indian Tribes.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has helped create
or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, expanded or helped establish more than
41,000 rural businesses and community projects and provided more than $170
million in economic development assistance.

Below is the complete listing of the 18 recipients receiving more than $2.7
million in USDA funding. The assistance is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

Alaska

Alaska Village Electric Cooperative - $200,000 grant. To provide technical
assistance through commercial energy audits.

Arizona

Steamboat Chapter - $80,000 grant. To provide business training and financial
literacy workshops and establish an artisan association for more than 100 Native
American artists in the Navajo Nation.

California

North Fork Rancheria of Mono Indians - $216,000 grant. To purchase automotive
training equipment for 60 future mechanics.

Connecticut

Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut - $97,609 grant. To provide entry-level
job training for tribe members.

Idaho

Nez Perce Tribe - $22,554 grant. To provide federal contracting certification
training and business assistance for small businesses.

Louisiana

United Houma Nation, Inc. - $89,520 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training to 10-12 entrepreneurs seeking to start small businesses in six
Louisiana parishes.

Maine

Passamaquoddy Tribe - $99,500 grant. To establish a revolving loan fund for a
small business that will produce maple syrup.

Michigan

Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan - $200,000 grant. To build a farmers
market pavilion.

Minnesota

White Earth Tribal Council - $200,000 grant. To help expand and renovate a
tribal business in Waubun.

Montana

Fort Belknap Indian Community - $317,000 grant. To help build a trading post and
establish a cooperative that will market and sell fruits and vegetables that are
not readily available to local residents, and to serve as an incubator for other
small and emerging businesses.

Nebraska

Center for Rural Affairs - $99,000 grant. To provide training and business
assistance to two small businesses in Santee and Macy that will specialize in
growing vegetables for high-value markets.

Nevada

Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe - $99,950 grant. To create a revolving
loan fund to assist small and emerging businesses.

New Mexico

Capacity Builders Inc. - $50,000 grant. To provide mentoring and marketing
assistance to small and emerging Navajo artist-owned firms and approximately 50
artists.

North Dakota

Coalition of Indian Housing Authorities of North Dakota - $177,614 grant. To
establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance for small and
emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near reservations
in the state.

Oklahoma

Thlopthlocco Tribal Town - $497,530 grant. To build a learning center in
Southeast Tulsa County.

Oregon

The Klamath Tribes - $98,394 grant. To provide technical assistance for planning
and developing a member-owned small business micro-enterprise program.

South Dakota

Cloud Horse Art Institute - $99,000 grant. To provide technical assistance and
training on producing professional media products.

Wisconsin

Great Lakes Inter-Tribal Council, Inc. - $99,999 grant. To provide job skills
training and financial literacy education to tribal members.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      February 22, 2000 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Native American bank created as economic tool to help tribes Institution to open
offices in Denver

BYLINE: By David Melmer, Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-03

LENGTH: 741 words


A financial institution that will cater to the needs of  Indian country is
approaching reality.

The Native American National Bank, with offices in Denver,  will provide
financial services to tribes, tribal businesses and  banks with the ultimate
goal of creating wealth for Indian country.

The bank is a few months away from opening. Fifteen tribes  will have
representatives on the board of directors - six more are  still needed.

The bank, at full operation, expects to have assets of $ 300  million, much of
which will be leveraged. A large portion will  come from tribal investments and
deposits.

'This is the vehicle we've been waiting for. We need a  national Indian bank,'
said Tex Hall, chairman of the Three  Affiliated Tribes. Hall said his tribe is
a charter member of the  bank.

'This is an expression of sovereignty. If we are ever going  to develop, we will
need an economic tool. This is the tool.'

The bank will serve tribes through branch banks and Community  Development
Corporations. It will not be a full-service bank where  private and individual
savings and checking accounts will be part  of the services. Rather, it will be
a bank-holding company and  loan money to other banks and development
corporations.

As yet the bank has no charter, but officials said either a  small bank will be
purchased or a new national charter will be  issued.

The bank will be available for tribes and tribal agencies and  American Indian
corporations and agencies to secure loans for  housing, economic development,
infrastructure, businesses,  agriculture and other financial needs.

'Anything we can do to enhance the economic well being of  Indian country, we
will do,' said John Birise, chief executive  officer.

'This bank will help make programs work for Indian country.  This bank is about
wealth creation, not transfer. It can support  businesses to be prosperous and
create jobs, which creates  economic power,' Birise said.

Encouragement to start the bank came during a 1997 meeting  between two tribal
officials, Eloise Cobell, president of the  Blackfeet National Bank, and Sen.
Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii. Inouye  expressed a real interest in the concept,
according to Gregg  Bourland, chairman of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, who
was at  the meeting. 'He challenged the group to form its own bank and go  for
federal accounts.'

The idea was nurtured at the height of the controversy and  lawsuit over the
federal government's mismanagement of the  Individual Indian Money accounts. The
bank would be eligible to  become a repository for tribal accounts. Federal
legislation  allows tribes to find private, commercial sources in which to
deposit the trust accounts.

Birise said the board was still exploring development of  trust and investment
services departments.

The bank would not loan money directly to the tribes, but to  banks owned by
tribes or other tribal financial corporations from  there the money will be
loaned to either private borrowers or to  tribal businesses, Birise said.

The bank will work with reservations to create their own  holding companies and
possibly community development corporations.  The CDCs are beneficial because
they are not tied to the tribal  government and can operate outside sovereignty
without any  obligation on the part of the tribe.

Many cities formed CDCs to accept money for development  projects from loans and
grants. Assets and debits of the  corporation are not directly related to the
government. In the  case of any lawsuits, 'the tribe is not held liable. The CDC

  insulates the government. It conducts transactions and bears the  risk,'
Bourland said. He added the bank and its officers can help  a tribe form a
development corporation.

The work to include the initial 15 tribes on the board of  directors is under
way. Nine tribes are members and two are very  close, Hall and Bourland said.

Each tribe is asked to contribute $ 1 million to become a  member. An initial $
45,000 investment is required, then an  additional $ 55,000 and when the bank is
chartered and capital for  leveraging is needed, the final payment would be
made. After the  15 tribes have signed on, another 15 investors will be allowed
to  join. Birise said major banking institutions like Wells Fargo have
expressed an interest.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Tester's Native American educator bill gets a hearing

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester, a former teacher and school board member, is seeing
overwhelming support for his legislation to recruit and retain more teachers in
Indian Country.





 Tester's bill, the Native Education Support and Training (NEST) Act, yesterday
received support from tribal, education, and administrative officials during a
Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing.



 The NEST Act establishes new scholarships, federal student loan forgiveness
plans, and teacher development courses for prospective and existing educators
who commit to teaching at schools that serve a high population of Native
students or a Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) school.



 "If we want to address teacher shortages head on, we must make college more
affordable and accessible to those who want to teach in Indian Country," said
Tester, Vice-Chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. "Teaching the next
generation is an incredible honor and responsibility, and we must do all we can
to incentivize our best and brightest to use their skills in Native American
classrooms."



 Tester's NEST Act:

 &bull; Establishes three scholarships for Native American students seeking a
bachelor or graduate degree in education or school administration.

 &bull; Creates student loan forgiveness plans that will forgive federal student
loans for teachers who commit at least five years to serve at a school with a
high population of Native students or BIE school.

 &bull; Extends the Federal Perkins Loan Cancellation Program to teachers who
instruct Native language immersion classes.



 Tester's bill is supported by the National Board for Professional Teaching
Standards and the National Education Association.



 "Native families should not have to relocate to find the best teachers for
their children," said Michelle Accardi, Director of Policy and Partnerships for
the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. "The NEST Act, in
addition to providing board certification to teachers at BIE affiliated schools,
helps to strengthen teaching and learning in tribal schools and other schools
with a high concentration of Native American students."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 2, 2015 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Tribes' bet on high-interest lending comes with uneasy feelings

BYLINE: Chico Harlan

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2817 words

DATELINE: IN WATERSMEET, MICH.


In the middle of the Ottawa National Forest, there is a Native American
reservation where snowdrifts mark the main road into town. At the end of that
town, there is a casino with penny slots and a three-story hotel. In back of
that hotel, there is a locked, unmarked door with a punch code. And beyond that
door is a repurposed ballroom, once used for wedding receptions, where 11
workers - backed by a Wall Street hedge fund, supported by a call center in the
Philippines - now sell loans online to credit-constrained Americans at
annualized interest rates of 780 percent.

In that old ballroom, sitting in a gray cubicle, looking at her Dell: A
25-year-old who got off food stamps after she took this $11-per-hour job. Who
doesn't have Internet at home, but whose inbox now pings with questions from
borrowers, 30 percent of whom end up defaulting.

Where did these fees come from?  some of the e-mails ask, she says.  You're a
disgrace to Native Americans , she recalls another one saying. And Amber
McGeshick, one of the customer service workers at Castlepayday.com, weighs how
she should respond.

"As for whether I am doing the right thing, yeah, I am doing my job," McGeshick
said. "But as a whole, I don't know. I mean, I really don't know."

The high-rate loans that come from McGeshick's office rank among America's
riskiest extensions of credit, capable both of aiding consumers in a pinch and
leaving them with unmanageable fees and debt. The loans were controversial even
before this latest twist, when Native American tribes entered the online lending
business in what they describe as a last-ditch attempt to earn revenue and
provide decent lives for their members.

With some two dozen tribes offering installment and payday loans, Native
Americans have found themselves wrestling with the merits of this lifeline.
Following the formula used in casino gambling, tribes capitalize on their right
to govern themselves in an otherwise tightly regulated industry. Only in this
case, revenue is earned from borrowers who are charged interest rates that
sometimes are double what they'd find in a brick-and-mortar payday store. Some
Castle Payday borrowers can find themselves facing $8,000 in financing fees on a
$1,000 loan, even if they make payments on time. The lending is conducted
exclusively online.

Since the financial crisis, more than a half-dozen states have created laws to
restrict or curb payday lending, and the industry has responded with a
transformation of its own - keeping ahead in part by embracing the safe haven of
Indian country, where state laws don't apply.

The transformation seems to be working: The high-rate lending industry has grown
nearly 20 percent since 2009, much of that growth coming online. Some 4.2
percent of Americans took out a payday loan in 2013, according to a Federal
Reserve survey, compared with 2.4 percent in 2007. During that span, traditional
lenders have upped their own standards for creditworthiness, a course correction
after the anything-goes subprime years.

"All of the market flow has been going to the tribes," said John Hecht, a
lending industry analyst who works at Jefferies, a New York-based investment
banking firm. "It's almost like an unintended consequence of tightening
regulation at a time when consumers have less access to credit."

It is left to McGeshick and the others to manage the pitfalls of that influx.
McGeshick never meets any of the borrowers, never even talks to them, but she
reads their e-mails and sometimes wonders what brought them to a place of last
resort. An accident? A medical bill? A life of mistakes?

She also sees the other side, how her tribe of 684 members - the Lac Vieux
Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians - depends on the lending revenue,
which accounts for 42 percent of the annual budget, tribal officials say, and
has filled a shortfall that otherwise would have brought many of the tribe's
health-care and education services to a halt. She sees how lending has brought a
handful of decent jobs to one of America's most remote regions, Michigan's Upper
Peninsula, where winter temperatures often fall to 20 below zero.

Lending has allowed the tribe to subsidize propane costs during winters,
preventing members from facing a choice "between heat and food," tribal Chairman
James Williams Jr. said. Lending allowed the tribe to cover the combined $60,000
shipping costs for 12 old Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers -
government hand-me-downs, including a few used after Hurricane Katrina, that
will soon turn into permanent housing. For McGeshick, lending proceeds even
helped get her an affordable prefab home. She pays a $300 per month mortgage.
Tribal subsidies cover the rest.

Earlier in her life, she faced problems much like those of her borrowers. Four
years ago, she had finished one semester of community college when she was hit
with a $700 tuition bill.

She decided a loan wasn't worth it. Instead, she dropped out, returned to her
reservation and tried to find a job.

A 'panic' move to lending

It was 2011, and McGeshick, at first, tried grabbing occasional shifts at her
tribe's casino restaurant. But the tribe was in the midst of a financial
collapse - "a panic," Williams said - because Michigan's economy was foundering
and foot traffic was down at its small casino, its only major source of revenue.
Some full-timers had been cut to 30 hours per week, and McGeshick often worked
fewer than 10.

The tribe's plan to lure a cigarette manufacturer had fallen through. An
Internet bingo site had lasted two months. The tribe had lost more than $6
million - nearly an entire year's budget - in a bad investment with a Mexican
casino czar, and unemployment stood at 50 percent.

Throughout the first half of 2011, the tribe debated whether to enter the
lending business - something they'd heard about from other tribes at a Native
American conference. The tribe consulted with lawyers and IT experts. They had
to contract out nearly all of the start-up work, and they raised investment
capital from what tribal lawyer Karrie Wichtman called a "multibillion-dollar
hedge fund." (Wichtman and other tribal officials refused to name the investor,
citing privacy concerns.) On July 8, 2011, the council officially authorized a
new enterprise, with the desire to "improve the Tribe's economic
self-sufficiency."

McGeshick was in the casino break room months later when she noticed a job
posting on the wall. "Duck Creek Tribal Financial, LLC," the notice said. The
pay was good enough that McGeshick could move out of her sister's house.

"Duck Creek - I thought it was maybe something in forestry," McGeshick said.

McGeshick had ended up in a business of which tribes have long been wary. For
decades, Native Americans have been among the groups most targeted by usurious
loans. Some 20 years earlier, the Lac Vieux Desert Band had briefly considered
starting a brick-and-mortar payday lending store; the idea was shot down. "Most
of the tribal council said, 'Would this prey on our people?' " Williams
recalled. But this time, in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the
considerations were different.

"I can't make a moral judgment on what a tribal government decides to do," said
Barry Brandon, past executive director of the Native American Financial Services
Association, which advocates for tribal lending. "Does it surprise me? No, not
at all, because I understand how tribal sovereignty works and how difficult it
is for tribes to find businesses that provide any kind of revenue. If anything,
a tribe is best-suited to deliver that [loan] product, given that they fully
understand both the pros and cons."

A few of the tribal online sites have vaguely evocative names - Great Plains
Lending, for instance - but others like Mobiloans and American Web Loan give no
indication of Indian backing, other than in the small print. Some tribes forbid
their own members from taking out the loans, but in Lac Vieux Desert Band's
case, tribal members can theoretically apply. Very few, though, would be
approved, tribal officials said; fees are deducted automatically from borrowers'
bank accounts, and most Lac Vieux Desert Band members don't use banks.

McGeshick was among those who grew up in poverty. She was raised by a single mom
and shared a room with her three sisters. For all the perpetuating problems
facing Native Americans - alcoholism, obesity - McGeshick's greatest obstacle
was a worldview that anything worth doing was too far away or too unattainable.
She was nominated in high school by a teacher for a poetry competition in New
York. But just before her flight, she got too scared and bailed. Several years
later, she dreamed about moving "downstate," to the more populous Lower
Peninsula, and trying a career as a creative writer. Instead, she got pregnant
and never took the leap.

The job at Castle Payday gave McGeshick the first evidence that she was breaking
a cycle of problems. She got her own house. She bought her first functional car,
a used Dodge Stratus. She applied to the state for food stamps, but this time
she was rejected: She earned too much. McGeshick took it as a sign she'd moved
into the middle class.

But she's also had to wrestle with some of the harsher parts of the lending
business. She spends time on the phone with debt consolidators, hired by
distressed borrowers. She responds to e-mails. Sometimes, she sees people in
dire need. One borrower named Martha contacted Castle Payday every day for
weeks, confused about how the loan worked.

McGeshick tells herself that this is just her job, and that the loan terms are
clearly posted on the Web site, and that for some borrowers the loans really do
help. McGeshick goes back and forth, trying to make sense of the business.

"I am sympathetic for individuals who are going through a tough time and don't
agree with the [loan terms]," McGeshick said. "Some cases stay with me. If
people needed money because family members passed away.

"But they did sign their loan agreements. It's not like we were grabbing them
and saying, 'You better get a loan with us.' "

The way Castle Payday is set up, borrowers' problems can feel far away. Their
calls land in the Philippines, largely because the tribe doesn't have enough
people to staff a call center; the Filipinos forward information to McGeshick's
office via an instant messaging program. Borrowers' e-mails go directly to the
tribe but even there, the responses are mostly prepackaged. When McGeshick
writes back to customers, she picks from among several response templates - one
explaining fees, for instance, another explaining payment options.

"This message is in regard to your recent customer service inquiry," one such
message begins.

McGeshick was instructed never to sign her name at the end. "Customer Service,
CastlePayDay.com," the letter says instead.

'Life's Unexpected Expenses'

The loans are geared to borrowers who lack savings or access to cheaper forms of
credit - either from a credit card or bank. "Life's Unexpected Expenses
Covered," Castle Payday says on its Web site, and it shows a picture of a woman
kneeling beside a flat tire. "Getting a loan from Castle Payday is as easy as
1-2-3."

Castle Payday offers what some in the industry describe as a "second-generation"
product - an installment loan for which the borrower pays back the principal and
the fees over months or years. Over the past few years, many lenders have swung
over to installment loans, as opposed to payday loans, which must be repaid in
full at the time of the borrower's next paycheck. Installment and payday loans
have similar interest rates, but by structuring payments over a longer period of
time, lenders are able to avoid some state legislation that strictly targets
"short-term" lending.

The loans "are structured as installments but have very devastating consequences
for consumers," said Diane Standaert, director of state policy at the Center for
Responsible Lending. "These are triple-digit [interest rate] loans made with
access to borrowers' bank accounts."

Castle Payday's loans come at a steep price. A $1,000 loan, repaid on the first
payment date, will come with $350 in fees. And the fees escalate quickly if
borrowers wait longer to pay back the principal. On its Web site, Castle Payday
shows the example of a borrower repaying a $1,000 loan in 44 installments,
spread over 1                 1/2              years. The total financing fees:
$8,916.25.

Wichtman, the tribal lawyer, responded by e-mail that the lending company
"realizes that the loans it offers are sometimes an expensive form of
borrowing," and as a result takes "every opportunity" to tell customers that
they can save money by paying early. About 20 percent of borrowers pay in full
at the first opportunity, and others try to make their payments ahead of
schedule. Very few borrowers - "certainly in the low single digits," Wichtman
said - allow their loans to fully mature. The tribe does not allow borrowers to
refinance; they must pay off the first loan before they can take out a new one.

Among the Castle Payday customers who end up defaulting, some are approached by
debt collectors whose practices, Jennifer Steiner, the Duck Creek chief
operating officer,  acknowledged are sometimes dubious. One collector last year
hounded a borrower in St. Louis, threatening him with jail time and using racial
slurs in messages left on his answering machine. Those messages, shared with The
Washington Post by the borrower's lawyers, came several months after he'd taken
out a $700 loan from the tribe.

The Lac Vieux Desert Band's 12,500-word lending code devotes only one sentence
to the loans, prohibiting more than $50 in financing fees per installment period
for every $100 borrowed. If the borrower has a dispute, he can take it up only
with the tribe. The code provides "no real protections of any value," said
Andrew Pizor, an attorney at the National Consumer Law Center, who reviewed the
document at the request of The Post.

Castle Payday has encountered obstacles from regulators, too. Last year, the
tribe received a cease-and-desist letter from Benjamin Lawsky, New York's
financial services superintendent, who said they and other online lenders were
violating New York's25-percent annual interest cap by dealing with borrowers in
the state. The Lac Vieux Desert Band, along with the Otoe Missouria Tribe of
Indians in Oklahoma, together challenged Lawsky's power to regulate the loans.
But they lost twice in court and then dropped the case.

Castle Payday is operating "at capacity," said Steiner, but it does not issue
loans to consumers in New York, Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Vermont, West Virginia
or Colorado - states that either banned high-rate lending or have challenged
online lenders.

Wichtman and Williams, the tribal chief, often talk about the regulation
attempts as misguided interference by outsiders and say Indian tribes faced
similar resistance when they entered the gambling industry decades ago.
Williams, at one point, said with anger that the goal of regulation is to "keep
us in poverty."

"Anytime Indian country enters into something new, it's a fight," Wichtman said.
"Because they think we should stay on the reservation."

A Vegas reward

In November, McGeshick pulled a check for $625 out of her mailbox. This was the
yearly dividend that every Lac Vieux Desert Band member gets from the tribe,
though this time it was particularly generous. In fact, in some years, there
hadn't been a payment. This time around, Williams said, the lending proceeds had
left the tribe with more money to distribute.

Should it matter, in determining the merits of the industry, where the profits
flow? McGeshick thinks it should, and she's told herself that this is the
missing piece in evaluating the lending business. Native Americans, she says,
need to do everything possible to help themselves.

"I feel like we got screwed over," she said. "We're a sovereign nation, but
we're still being ruled. Still being controlled."

So after receiving the check, McGeshick decided to try something new, something
she wouldn't have dared do years earlier. She handed her kids off to a friend
and booked a ticket to Las Vegas. She went with a Castle Payday coworker, and
the two stayed at Circus Circus and shopped and had a few drinks. It was the
farthest McGeshick had ever been from home.

They didn't talk much about work while on vacation, but when McGeshick returned,
she wondered how borrowers would feel knowing about the old ballroom where she
worked, the place where the money was flowing.

"Maybe it would make a difference," she said, in how the borrowers felt. "I
don't know. Maybe it would."

She laughed for a half-beat.

"They'd probably be like, 'At least I'm helping out, somehow.' "

chico.harlan@washpost.com

:                         The Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Indians in Michigan is experimenting with a high-interest online loan business.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 30, 1995

Helping to Lift the 'Red Curtain'

BYLINE: BY NICOLAS P. RETSINAS, Federal Housing Commissioner, Housing and Urban
Development

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1441 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Retsinas has responded to an NMN editorial regarding private
mortgage-lending to Native Americans.  His essay has been adapted as our Open
Forum report.


The Sept. 5 editorial in National Mortgage News, titled "The Red Curtain," was a
timely update on efforts to expand the availability of needed housing finance
for Native Americans.

Although one could take issue with several points in the article, NMN is
basically right: While the need is great, there are signs of progress.

Among them are the two examples cited in the editorial: (1) a pending agreement
between the Navajo Nation and Fannie Mae, which promises to involve the
secondary market with Native American housing, and (2) HUD's Section 184
program, which has begun to produce results.

This is not the sum total of what is being done to address the problem.  Thanks
to the President's national home-ownership strategy and growing public awareness
of housing needs on tribal lands, a number of organizations and individuals have
been working to provide Native Americans with the same access to housing finance
that most Americans already enjoy.

These organizations include Federal, state and local governments, as well as
private, nonprofit and public organizations that, working in partnership, can
make the dream of homeownership a reality.  In fact, an excellent example of
what's being done is the Native American Good Neighbor Program, which includes
the Fannie Mae-Navajo agreement that received favorable mention in NMNs
editorial.

Conceived by Zions Bank as a way to finance new homes for 500 Navajo families,
this program has attracted support and interest from a number of lenders,
including Norwest Bank, BankOne, Sun West, First Interstate, and two banks in
Farmington, New Mexico - First National and Citizens - all of which are
interested in originating loans under the program.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle has contributed a critical $ 500,000 grant
to assist low-income Navajos with down payment and closing costs.  And Fannie
Mae has joined in by pledging to purchase Good Neighbor Program loans, a
commitment that marks the first time that a secondary market agency has
developed a program to purchase conventional loans on trust land.

Since then, Freddie Mac has also decided to purchase mortgage loans issued to
families residing on reservations, and they have initiated a strong marketing
effort.  Moreover, nonprofit intermediaries like the Neighborhood Reinvestment
Corporation are working with the Navajo to establish a nonprofit partnership
corporation on the reservation that will address the housing needs of the Navajo
Nation.

Another example of support for Native American housing is the housing finance
summit that the FHLBank of Seattle recently organized on the Navajo reservation
in Utah.  The Sept. 24 summit involved leaders of the Navajo Nation, two
directors of the Federal Housing Finance Board (myself included), senior
officers from five FHLBanks, CEOs of FHLBank member institutions, and other key
players from the private and public sectors.

The purpose of the meeting was to assess the progress made since our last summit
15 months ago.  We found that all of the action items were already completed or
in process.

Moreover, a number of participants have gone beyond those limited goals.  Zions
Bank created a scholarship program and announced the opening of the first bank
branch on the Utah portion of the Navajo reservation.  Others have provided
technical assistance and training, installed ATMs on reservations, or attracted
nonprofit involvement.

As Federal Housing Commissioner, I am enthusiastic about what's being done to
make Federally insured mortgage loans available to Navajo families under FHA's
Section 248 insurance program.  It's a relatively new program, created in the
late 1980s to enable FHA lenders to make mortgage loans on tribal lands.

Program activity has been slow developing for several reasons, including the
lack of lending services and the failure of the homeownership concept to take
root in many Native American communities.  Those conditions are changing, and -
as a result - use of Section 248 is growing.

The program is available for both insured construction and permanent financing.
It is being implemented in a way that addresses various cultural issues and
other tribal concerns, ranging from who may assume a loan or purchase a home, to
the duration of a leasehold term.  In short, HUD has two programs - Sections 184
and 248 - that complement one another and which can be used to help address the
serious housing needs of Native Americans.

A good example of Section 248 at work involves the Minnesota Chippewas, the
FHLBank of Des Moines, and the Minnesota Housing Finance Authority (MHFA).

The Chippewas will originate and service home loans on their reservation.  The
MHFA and the Des Moines FHLBank will provide funding for those mortgage loans,
which will be insured under Section 248.  The program's long-term goal is to
enable some 300 Chippewa families to achieve homeownership.  The Chippewa began
processing loan applications last week.

Steps also have been taken to enable the Minnesota Chippewa Tribal Housing
Corporation (THC) to borrow directly from the DesMoines FHLBank.  Like the 22
State housing finance agencies already approved as FHLBank non-member borrowers,
the Minnesota Chippewa THC has been approved by the Federal Housing Finance
Board as a non-member borrower of the FHLBank of DesMoines.

This creates a new source of credit for chippewa families seeking home mortgage
loans and opens the way for other Indian Housing Authorities (IHAs) to obtain
FHLBank borrowing privileges.

Moreover, to enable themto make the most of non-member borrowing privileges, the
Clinton Administration has proposed legislation that would permit IHAs to borrow
from the FHLBank System under the same advantageous collateral ruels that
currently apply only to state-chartered housing finance agencies.

The FHLBanks also have been active in supporting Native American housing through
the System's Affordable Housing Program (AHP).  That program makes direct
subsidies or subsidized financing available for the development or
rehabilitation of housing for people of modest means.  In just two years, the
FHLBanks of Seattle, San Francisco, Des Moines, Topeka, and Dallas have
contributed $ 2.8 million out of their own earnings to support Native American
housing projects funded by FHLBank member institutions.

This support has helped to finance 11 projects in six states, involving 1,080
homes.  One of these project is the Native American Good Neighbor Program, which
- as mentioned above - received $ 500,000 in AHP support from the Seattle
FHLBank.  Other recent examples include:

* $ 300,000 from the FHLB -- Des Moines to First Bank Systems Inc., Minneapolis,
to finance needed improvements to Little Earth, the largest urban Native
American housing complex in the country.

* $ 50,000 from the FHLBank of Dallas to First National Bank of Farmington, to
subsidize the cost of rehabilitating 30 homes for very-low-income elderly and
handicapped persons on the Navajo reservation at Shiprock, New Mexico.

* $ 187,000 from the FHLBank of Topeka to Norwest Bank Nebraska, to assist 75
families of the Omaha Tribe with down payment and closing costs.

* $ 500,000 from the San Francisco FHLBank to Norwest Bank Arizona, to subsidize
construction of 70 affordable I-family homes on the Navajo Nation.

These are only a few examples of how the FHLBank System is using its earnings to
support AHP and to help expand housing opportunities for Native Americans and
others.

In the past year, the Finance Board appointed two Native Americans as directors
of FHLBanks.  They joined the six Native Americans who have served on the
System's Affordable Housing Advisory Councils in recent years.  Bob Gauthier,
executive director of the Salish-Kootenai Housing Authority of the Flathead
reservation in Montana, now serves on the board of directors of the Seattle
FHLBank.

Kevin Gover, an attorney specializing in Federal Indian law, is a director of
the Dallas FHLBank.  These two men already have drawn on their Indian housing
finance experience to make major contributions in setting policy for the
FHLBanks they serve.

These highlights provide a glimpse of what HUD and the FHLBank System are doing
to expand the availability of housing finance on tribal lands.  They are further
evidence that NMN is right: "The red curtain" is at last being lifted.  These
examples also demonstrate that our progress depends not on any one program or
lender, but on a broad coalition of citizens, financial institutions, and
governments, working together to make homeownership possible for more Native
Americans.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, co caption

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Suit claims illegal loan scheme against Ohio servicers

BYLINE: Robbie Hargett

LENGTH: 270 words


CLEVELAND (Legal Newsline) - An Ohio man is suing several loan servicers and one
of their principals over an allegedly illegal loan scheme.

Gordon Sinclair, individually and for all others similarly situated, filed a
class-action lawsuit Feb. 26 in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Ohio at Cleveland against CashCall, WS Funding, Delbert Service Corp. and John
Paul Reddam, alleging violation of the Ohio Small Loan Act, violation of the
Ohio Consumer Sales Practices Act, fraud, violation of the Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act, civil conspiracy and unjust enrichment.

The suit states that together the defendants fund, purchase, service and collect
on loans to Ohio consumers that accrue interest rates in excess of those allowed
under Ohio law.

The defendants allegedly evade licensure by state agencies by using an unrelated
fourth company, Western Sky Financial LLC, as a front.

Western Sky allegedly claims to be a Native American tribal entity that is
exempt from state and federal laws under Tribal Sovereign Immunity.The suit
states Western Sky is in fact a for-profit South Dakota company owned by an
individual who is a member of a Native American tribe, but it is not operated by
a tribe, so Tribal Sovereign Immunity should not apply to the loans made to Ohio
borrowers.

Sinclair and others in the class seek injunctive relief, exemplary and other
damages, interests, attorney fees, and litigation costs. They are represented by
attorney Robert R. Sparks of Strauss Troy Co. LPA in Cincinnati, Ohio.

U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio at Cleveland Case number
1:16-cv-00456-CAB

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2012 The Trustees of Boston University
                       Review of Banking & Financial Law

                                  Spring, 2012

                       Review of Banking & Financial Law

                         31 Rev. Banking & Fin. L. 1053

LENGTH: 11607 words

USURY ON THE RESERVATION: REGULATION OF TRIBAL-AFFILIATED PAYDAY LENDERS

NAME: ADAM MAYLE *

BIO:


* Boston University School of Law (J.D. expected 2012); George Washington
University, Elliott School of International Affairs (M.A. 2006); University of
Delaware (B.A. 2002).

 TEXT:
 [*1053]  Introduction

   Over the last decade, federal and state governments have devised regulation
for the payday lending industry, which is comprised of financial companies that
offer short-term loans to especially risky borrowers, sometimes at shockingly
high interest rates. In order to avoid rules that promote fair lending--but
undermine profits--some online payday lenders have claimed affiliation with
Native American tribes, invoking tribal sovereign immunity.

   In litigation across the country, courts have recognized payday lenders'
tribal immunity arguments, stymieing the efforts of state agencies seeking to
protect their citizens from excessive interest rates and fees. Even when tribal
immunity defenses are defeated in court, states often expend significant time
and resources overcoming them. This conflict between payday lenders and
regulators raises a number of important questions. What is the extent of tribal
immunity and national sovereignty? What are the requirements for a business
located on tribal land to claim tribal affiliation? What is the proper source of
payday lending regulation: the state or the federal government? If the federal
government is the appropriate regulator, can existing financial regulatory
agencies effectively address the problem?

   This note seeks to answer these questions and proposes a solution to preclude
payday lenders from circumventing regulatory oversight. Part I discusses the
payday lending industry and the emergence of online payday lenders, recent
regulation and payday lenders' claim to tribal affiliation. Part II considers
the historical development and the current state of the tribal sovereign
immunity doctrine. Part III discusses the authority of federal and state
entities to regulate the payday lending industry and the experiences of agencies
that have confronted online tribal-affiliated payday lenders. Part IV suggests
federal legislation to directly address payday lenders' tribal affiliation
claims. Congress, by virtue of its plenary power over Native American affairs
could adopt several plausible approaches, but its best option would be to
authoritatively define the criteria for tribal sovereign immunity for
tribe-affiliated businesses.

 [*1054]  I. Latter Day Usury: The Problem of Payday Lending

   Throughout history, societies have regulated usury, which is "the lending of
money at exorbitant interest rates."  n1 At least as far back as the ancient
Israelites, usury was condemned.  n2 Ancient Hindus, early Muslims and medieval
Christians, despite their differences in other critical respects, all denounced
usury.  n3 Although the days are gone when towering intellectual figures, such
as Dante and Shakespeare, devised imaginatively sadistic punishments for
usurers, society still struggles with entities that lend money at excessive
interest rates.  n4 Payday lenders are some of the most visible practitioners of
lending at very high interest rates. In addition to traditional payday lenders
that loan money out of physical stores, in recent years online payday lending
has emerged as one of the most intractable consumer protection issues
confronting regulators.

A. Conventional Payday Lending

   Payday loans are small-dollar, short-term, unsecured loans that borrowers
promise to repay out of their next paycheck or regular income payment.  n5
Payday loans are usually priced at a fixed fee, which represents the finance
charge for the loan.  n6 For borrowers, the attraction of payday lending is that
a loan can be procured quickly  [*1055]  and easily, often with little regard to
a poor credit history.  n7 The hallmark of a payday loan is its interest rate.
n8 Because of its short maturity, a payday loan can have an extraordinarily high
effective annual percentage rate that can exceed 1,000 percent.  n9

   Although payday lending is relatively new, the industry has expanded rapidly
during the last two decades.  n10 This industry's growth is fueled by its
profitability.  n11 In 2008, payday lenders in the United States achieved $ 7
billion in revenues from $ 42 billion in loans.  n12

   But while payday lending is an incredible boon to payday lenders, the
practice has not been as good for borrowers. All too often, payday borrowers
fail to repay their interest in a timely fashion and, as penalties and finance
charges build, borrowers become caught in a cycle of debt.  n13 According to the
Center for Responsible Lending, payday lending "costs American families $ 4.2
billion per year in excessive fees."  n14 Payday lending can be particularly
oppressive because the practice targets society's most vulnerable--the poor, the
uneducated and underserved minority groups--who  [*1056]  lack savings and
access to traditional lines of credit.  n15 Although there is some merit to the
argument that payday lenders provide an important source of last-line credit for
society's poor,  n16 many payday lenders' late fees and interest rates are more
severe than penalties imposed by traditional lenders.

   Owing to payday lending's predatory character, the lending practice has
earned the opprobrium of consumer advocates like the Center for Responsible
Lending, the Consumer Federation of America and the Better Business Bureau.  n17
More critical for their businesses and bottom lines, however, payday lenders
draw the ire of state governments that have enacted legislation to curb their
abusive practices.  n18 In recent years, more than thirty states passed laws
that either place significant restrictions on maximum loan amounts, typically
limiting loans to $ 500, or cap finance charges.  n19

   State regulations limiting loan amounts and finance charges, as well as
lawsuits brought by attorney generals against predatory payday lenders, have
reduced the fees charged by some payday  [*1057]  lenders, particularly "brick
and mortar" payday lenders that operate out of physical stores.  n20 But in
regulating one branch of this industry, governmental efforts catalyzed the
development of another form: tribal-affiliated online payday lenders.

B. Online Payday Lending

   Online payday lending is marketing services and providing loans through the
Internet, often without maintaining a commercial presence in any physical
location. It has existed for years.  n21 But as state governments and regulators
reign in industry excesses, online payday lenders have sought refuge from
oversight by negotiating with Native American tribes to charter their companies
on tribal land to operate as "tribal enterprises" and thereby operate pursuant
to tribal--not state--regulation.  n22 By operating as tribal enterprises and
relocating on or near reservations, payday lenders can argue that they have
sovereign nation status and are immune from state laws, such as interest rate
regulations,  n23 which had cut into their profits.  n24

   Critics contend that these payday lenders are not tribal enterprises.  n25
Rather, their relationships with tribes are ploys to avoid regulation.  n26 Even
industry groups representing payday lenders have come out against their
colleagues' claims of tribal affiliations. In February 2011, the Community
Financial Services Association of America, which represents the payday lending
industry, condemned  [*1058]  the practice of affiliating with tribes to
circumvent state regulation and threatened such lenders with expulsion.  n27

   Despite criticism from consumer advocates and industry groups, as well as the
mostly unsuccessful efforts of state attorney generals to enforce regulations,
tribal-affiliated payday lenders operate with relative impunity. Their status
beyond the effective reach of regulation is especially troubling as the practice
of affiliating with tribes is becoming more common. For example, in July 2011,
the Native American Fair Commerce Commission, an inter-tribal Native American
lobbying group, issued a press release in support of tribal-affiliated payday
lending operations and their immunity from state regulation.  n28

II. Tribal Immunity in U.S. Law

   Throughout American history, tribal sovereignty has been a controversial and
complicated issue. In 1831, Chief Justice John Marshall formulated the
often-repeated description of Native American tribes as '"domestic dependent
nations' that exercise inherent sovereign authority over their members and
territories."  n29 In some ways, tribal sovereignty is analogous to the
sovereignty enjoyed by foreign nations and states.  n30 But tribal sovereignty
is a sui generis legal construction, deviating from traditional forms of
sovereignty in critical aspects. While the territorial aspect of tribal
sovereignty--concrete geographic boundaries and the identification of tribal
land with tribal ownership--has been diminished by legislation and case law over
the last 150 years, tribal immunity--the  [*1059]  freedom from suit in U.S.
courts--has been strengthened to such a degree that tribes enjoy an immunity
possibly exceeding the immunity of state governments.  n31 The paradoxical
nature of tribal sovereignty and immunity uniquely situates tribes outside the
bounds of federal and state regulation.

   Although courts dealt with tribal sovereign immunity at least as far back as
the nineteenth century, the Supreme Court did not clearly address the issue
until the mid-twentieth century.  n32 The Supreme Court's decision in United
States v. United States Fidelity & Guaranty Corporation in 1940 was the seminal
case upon which subsequent expansion of tribal immunity was founded.  n33 In
that case, the Supreme Court held that a bondholder could not enforce a surety
against five Native American tribes. The Court explicitly and authoritatively
confirmed that tribal governments were exempt from lawsuits in federal court
absent congressional authorization.  n34 The Supreme Court reaffirmed and
expanded this principle half a century later in Oklahoma Tax Commission v.
Citizen Band when it decided that a state could not sue a tribe in federal court
to collect taxes on cigarette sales, determining that tribal immunity was
broader than "tribal courts and the internal affairs of tribal government."  n35
"Suits against Indian tribes are thus barred by sovereign immunity absent a
[*1060]  clear waiver by the tribe or congressional abrogation."  n36
Furthermore, in Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, the Court ruled that tribes
could not be sued for violations of the Indian Civil Rights Act, establishing
that tribal immunity included freedom from substantive regulation.  n37

   These precedents firmly established the immunity of tribal governments under
U.S. law. But until 1998 the law consistently recognized a distinction between
tribal governmental activities, to which immunity applied, and tribal
activities, to which it did not. A sea of change occurred with the Supreme
Court's 1998 decision in Kiowa Tribe of Oklahoma v. Manufacturing Technologies,
Inc.  n38 In Kiowa, a company instituted a civil lawsuit in state court to
collect on a promissory note signed by a tribal development corporation in
Oklahoma City.  n39 In order to defeat the tribe's claim of immunity from suit,
the petitioners contended that tribal sovereign immunity should be limited to
transactions made on reservations that specifically involve governmental
activities.  n40 The Supreme Court rejected this position. Writing for the
majority, Justice Kennedy stated that "[t]o date, our cases have sustained
tribal immunity from suit without drawing a distinction based on where the
tribal activities occurred . . . . Nor have we yet drawn a distinction between
governmental and commercial activities of a tribe."  n41 The Supreme Court
concluded that tribal governments enjoyed sovereign immunity for governmental
and commercial activities alike, regardless of whether a tribe's actions
occurred on or off of tribal land.

   Kiowa's recognition of a tribal governmental body's freedom from suit in
court did not radically alter the court's conception of tribal immunity.
However, subsequent courts interpreted Kiowa to extend tribal immunity beyond
the governmental sphere to tribally-owned businesses that were operated solely
for profit.  n42

   In Florida Paraplegic Association v. Miccosukee Tribe of Indians, the
Eleventh Circuit relied on Kiowa when it ruled that  [*1061]  plaintiffs could
not sue a tribal casino for failing to install wheelchair ramps as required by
the Americans with Disabilities Act ("ADA").  n43 The court stated that although
tribes and tribal businesses are "subject" to general applicability statutes,
such statutes can only be "enforced" if a "tribe waives its immunity or Congress
expressly abrogates it."  n44 Because the Miccosukee Tribe did not waive its
immunity and "no specific reference to Indians or Indian tribes exists anywhere"
in the relevant sections of the ADA, the tribal casino was immune from suit.
n45

   Courts have even extended tribal immunity to non-member employees of tribal
businesses. In Cook v. AVI Casino Enterprises, a tribal casino employee, after
becoming intoxicated at a work function, drove into a motorcyclist with her car,
causing more than $ 1 million in personal injuries that included the loss of the
motorcyclist's leg.  n46 The plaintiff sued non-member tribal casino employees
who assisted the intoxicated driver to her car, alleging negligence and dram
shop liability.  n47 The Ninth Circuit dismissed the plaintiffs case because the
"tribal corporations acting as an arm of the tribe enjoy the same sovereign
immunity granted to a tribe itself"  n48 The court determined that immunity was
proper because "economic advantages created by the casino 'inure[d] to the
benefit of the Tribe,' and that '[i]mmunity of the casino directly protect[ed]
the sovereign Tribe's treasury.'"  n49 Furthermore, the court reasoned that "
tribal immunity protects tribal employees acting in their official capacity and
within the scope of their authority."  n50 Because the court determined that the
employees were acting in their official capacity when they helped the drunk
driver to her car, the casino employees named in the suit were protected by
tribal immunity.

   Since Kiowa, courts have extended immunity to tribal businesses and even non-
Native American tribal employees, fundamentally transforming tribal sovereign
immunity. This broad  [*1062]  conception of tribal immunity has permitted
tribal groups to pursue a wide range of commercial activities that are beyond
effective regulation, including payday lending.  n51

III. State and Federal Law and Regulation of Tribal Payday Lenders

   State and federal governments are the two sources of possible governmental
authority to regulation tribal-affiliated payday lenders. States are the
traditional sources of payday lender regulation. But given the exceptional
character of tribal-affiliated lenders, the federal government is arguably the
appropriate actor to address the development. Below is an overview of recent
efforts by several states to regulate tribal-affiliated payday lenders. This
overview is followed by an argument that federal government involvement is
essential to restrain these lenders.

A. Regulation by State Agencies

   During the last decade, state governments have struggled to bring tribal
-affiliated payday lenders under their regulatory purview. In 2005, the Colorado
Attorney General sought a contempt citation in state court against two online
payday lenders that failed to comply with investigative subpoenas.  n52
Unexpectedly, these payday lenders announced that they were enterprises of
federally-recognized tribes and therefore immune from suit in state court.  n53
Colorado's case against these online payday lenders was the first time that a
state government encountered a payday lender seeking to avoid regulation based
on tribal immunity.  n54 But since that time, other state governments, including
California, Maryland, and West Virginia, have confronted tribal immunity
defenses when attempting to regulate online payday lenders. Although some states
have successfully negotiated settlements with individual payday lenders, such
successes are the exception to the rule.

    [*1063]  1. Colorado

   In 2005, the Colorado Attorney General and the Administrator of the Uniform
Consumer Credit Code (collectively referred to as "Colorado") issued
investigative subpoenas to two out-of-state online payday lenders: Cash Advance
and Preferred Cash Loans.  n55 After the lenders' repeated failures to comply
with the subpoena, Colorado sought a contempt citation against the payday
lenders.  n56 In response to the contempt citations, Cash Advance and Preferred
Cash Loans asserted that they were subdivisions of the Miami and Sioux Nations
respectively, claimed tribal immunity and filed a joint motion to dismiss for
lack of subject matter and personal jurisdiction.  n57

   In response to the payday lenders' claims of tribal immunity, Colorado
pointed out that the divisions of the tribes that allegedly did business as Cash
Advance and Preferred Cash Loans did not exist until the spring of 2005, which
was two years after the payday lenders started doing business.  n58 Moreover,
the tribal enterprises were only incorporated after Colorado started its
enforcement actions against the payday lenders.  n59 After two years of
consideration, the trial court denied the defendants' motion to dismiss,
stating, "tribal sovereign immunity does not prohibit a state from investigating
violations of its own laws within its own borders."  n60 The payday lenders
appealed this decision.  n61 The Colorado Court of Appeals reversed the trial
court, holding that if the payday lenders were "arms" of the tribes, they would
be immune from responding to state investigative subpoenas.  n62 The appeals
court remanded the case back to the trial court to determine whether the payday
lenders were in fact "arms" of the tribe.  n63 In 2010, the Colorado Supreme
Court  [*1064]  affirmed the Colorado Court of Appeals' order to remand the case
to the trial court for further fact-finding.  n64

2. California

   In 2007, the California Department of Corporations ("CDC") sought a court
order prohibiting five payday lenders, including Ameriloan, US Fast Cash, and
One Click Cash from doing business with California residents.  n65 Shortly
thereafter, the Miami Nation Enterprise ("MNE"), a subdivision of the Miami
Tribe of Oklahoma, filed a motion to dismiss based on lack of subject-matter
jurisdiction, alleging Ameriloan, US Fast Cash, and United Cash Loans were trade
names that it used for payday lending and were immune from state oversight under
tribal sovereign immunity.  n66

   The California Superior Court denied this motion, concluding "that tribal
sovereign immunity does not apply to off-reservation commercial activity" and
that "the application of the tribal sovereign immunity doctrine in this
enforcement action would intrude on California's exercise of state sovereignty
protected by the Tenth Amendment."  n67 The California Court of Appeals
overturned the lower court, ruling that tribal sovereign immunity extends to
"for-profit commercial entities that function as 'arms of the tribes'" like
payday lending businesses.  n68 The appeals court remanded the case to the lower
court to determine whether the payday loan companies were "arms of the tribe."
n69

3. Maryland

   In 2011, the Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation ("Maryland
Commissioner") sought a cease and desist order against Western Sky Financial, an
online payday lender.  n70 In its  [*1065]  complaint, the Maryland Commissioner
charged the company with "usurious and unlicensed lending to Maryland consumers"
in violation of Maryland's Financial Institutions Law and Commercial Law
Article, which are collectively Maryland's Consumer Loan Law.  n71 Although the
Maryland Commissioner recognized that Western Sky Financial's principal place of
business was located on the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation in South Dakota,
the Maryland Commissioner contended that Western Sky Financial is not entitled
to tribal sovereign immunity because: 1) the Western Sky Financial's owner
created the business under the laws of South Dakota, not tribal law; 2) the
tribe does not own or operate any of the business entities; and, 3) the owner is
not a tribal officer of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe.  n72

   In response to the cease and desist order, Western Sky Financial utilized
tribal sovereign immunity as a mechanism to defeat the order. In March 2011,
Western Sky Financial, citing its tribal affiliation, removed the action to
United States District Court of Maryland and sought dismissal for lack of
subject matter jurisdiction.  n73 After trading motions to dismiss and motions
to remand to state court, the district court eventually remanded the case back
to Maryland state court in October 2011,  n74 After six months of procedural
jockeying, Maryland can now proceed against Western Sky Financial. But even
though the case has been remanded to Maryland state court, Maryland can only now
begin addressing whether the payday lender actually enjoys tribal sovereign
immunity.

4. West Virginia

   In at least one case, a state agency has been able to hold a tribal
-affiliated payday lender accountable. In 2007, the West  [*1066]  Virginia
Attorney General sought to enforce investigative subpoenas against seventeen
online payday lenders.  n75 After a hearing, a West Virginia court ordered eight
of the lenders to comply with the investigative subpoena.  n76 However, the
remaining three lenders--Miami Nation Enterprises, MTE Financial Services and
SFS, Inc.--challenged the court's subject matter jurisdiction by claiming tribal
sovereign immunity.  n77

   Before the court reached the issue of whether these tribal enterprises were
immune from West Virginia's investigative subpoena, the West Virginia Attorney
General reached a settlement with the three payday lenders in 2008.  n78
According to the terms of the settlement, the tribal lenders would offer cash
refunds and cancel debts for 946 West Virginia consumers worth $ 128,239.50.
n79 The settlement did not require the tribes to admit any wrongdoing.  n80

   In his confrontation with online payday lenders claiming tribal affiliation,
West Virginia's Attorney General fared better than most other states. Colorado
and California have been unable to overcome sovereign tribal immunity claims.
Meanwhile, Maryland had to defeat the tribal-affiliated lenders' attempts to
remove to federal court before it could begin to address the merits of its
cease-and-desist order in state court.

   But West Virginia's settlement was not an unalloyed victory. No tribal payday
lenders had to admit guilt, meaning that the West Virginia litigation did not
create any precedent that could be used against the lender if they were to harm
West Virginia consumers again. Nor did it result in any sort of injunction that
would alter the payday lenders' behaviors. In addition, a $ 128,000 award split
between three payday-lending companies is a relatively meager settlement, which
probably has little deterrent effect. Considering the billions that the industry
earns every year, the payday lending  [*1067]  enterprises might well consider a
settlement just north of $ 100,000 as a cost of doing business.

   Although state-level regulation is generally regarded as the appropriate
source of regulation for the payday industry, the lack of success in enforcing
state-level regulation of online tribal-affiliated payday lenders is not
encouraging. Given the difficulty states face, the federal government would seem
the proper authority to address the issue. Unfortunately, existing federal
agencies that could feasibly impose regulations on tribal-affiliated online
payday lenders--such as the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), and the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB")--will unlikely be able to do so.

B. Federal Law and Tribal Sovereignty

   Federal laws, unlike state laws, are presumed to apply to all persons,
including Native Americans.  n81 This presumption also applies "to agency
regulations promulgated pursuant to statutes," such as the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act" or "Dodd-Frank") or
the FTC Act.  n82 Although courts hesitate to apply general federal laws and
regulations to matters in the sphere of tribal self-government, courts have held
that a tribe's commercial activities with non-Indians that do not involve a
tribal right to self-governance do not receive tribal immunity.  n83 Courts have
specifically held that tribal businesses, including payday lenders, are subject
to federal laws when they act in their "own commercial interest and not in any
official capacity, even if the business is conducted from within Indian lands."
n84

    [*1068]  Historically, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC")
oversaw regulation of payday lenders. But under the Dodd-Frank Act, the OCC's
consumer protection duties have been transferred to the CFPB: the CFPB, along
with the FTC, has jurisdiction to promulgate and enforce federal consumer
protection laws pertaining to financial services.  n85 In contrast to state
agencies, courts recognize that federal agencies presumptively have authority to
enforce rules on Native American tribes.  n86 But even though courts are more
willing to brush aside tribal immunity claims before federal power, there are
serious reasons to doubt that the CFPB or the FTC will bring to heel tribal
-affiliated payday lenders. While the CFPB is expressly authorized to regulate
payday lenders, it is a new agency with a broad mandate, limited resources and
an uncertain future. The FTC's powers, on the other hand, are circumscribed and
primarily confined to policing tribal-affiliated payday lenders only where they
violate Section 5 of the FTC Act by engaging in unfair and deceptive practices.

1. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

   The Dodd-Frank Act expands federal oversight of financial services, including
payday loans. Although payday loans had nothing to do with the recent financial
crisis, which motivated the law's passage, "the Dodd-Frank Act became something
of a Christmas tree of provisions favored by those who want to restrict access
to certain forms of consumer credit."  n87 The bill's drafters vested authority
to enforce much of this new regulation with the freshly-minted CFPB.

   Pursuant to Dodd-Frank, the CFPB is responsible for enforcing "[f]ederal
consumer financial law consistently for the purpose of ensuring that all
consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services
and that markets for consumer financial products and services are fair,
transparent, and  [*1069]  competitive."  n88 Among the CFPB's numerous mandates
is "issuing rules, orders, and guidance implementing Federal consumer financial
law."  n89 The Dodd-Frank Act specifically grants the CFPB authority to
promulgate regulations and supervise non-depository institutions, including
payday lenders.  n90

   Given its authority over non-depository financial institutions, some
commentators identify the CFPB as the appropriate agency to regulate tribal
-affiliated payday lenders.  n91 Comments from persons associated with the CFPB
suggest that the CFPB is likely having internal discussions about its role in
regulating tribal-affiliated payday lenders. While she was still being
considered for the CFPB's leadership role, Elizabeth Warren openly addressed the
problems of disclosure in payday loan transactions.  n92 According to the
Department of the Treasury, the Dodd-Frank Act will empower the CFPB with
"robust federal supervision and oversight over larger alternative financial
service companies" such as payday lenders on tribal lands.  n93

   In theory, the CFPB could do much to regulate payday lenders. Although the
CFPB does not have authority to determine what interest rates payday lenders
could set, the CFPB could impose more robust disclosure requirements, limit loan
rollovers and loan volume per customer, annul mandatory arbitration or class
action waivers or regulate company advertising.  n94 But, the CFPB's ability to
regulate tribal-affiliated payday lenders may be overstated. The  [*1070]  CFPB,
despite its robust mandate, has limited resources and, as it establishes its
priorities, tribal-affiliated payday lending might fall between the cracks. In
addition, the controversial appointment of the CFPB's leader, Richard Cordray,
could expose the agency's regulatory actions to legal challenges.  n95 Finally,
to date the CFPB has not issued a single enforcement action. The exact scope of
the CFPB's jurisdiction will not be clear until 2012 when the CFPB and FTC agree
how they will divide their authority.  n96 Although it affects Americans across
the country, payday lending is relatively small compared to the CFPB's other
prerogatives, which include credit card companies, mortgages companies, and
for-profit educational institutions. With the CFPB facing these conflicting
priorities, consumers should not be confident that the agency will have the time
or resources to address the issue.

2. Federal Trade Commission

   In order to ensure a fair and competitive marketplace, the FTC has authority
to regulate payday lenders to prevent "unfair" or "deceptive" practices pursuant
to Section 5 of the FTC Act.  n97 Because the FTC Act is a law of general
applicability, it empowers the FTC to defeat tribal sovereignty immunity in
cases involving Section 5 violations.  n98 For example, in September 2011 Payday
Financial, LLC ("Payday Financial"), which does business as Lakota and Cash and
Big Sky Cash, agreed to stop illegally garnishing borrowers' wages after the FTC
filed an action in U.S. District Court.  n99

    [*1071]  The FTC's ability to regulate Payday Financial, however, was based
on facts specific to the case. The FTC is not empowered to promulgate rules that
cap payday lending interest rates or loan volumes. Nor is the FTC empowered to
enforce state laws on behalf of state governments that, unlike the FTC, are
often powerless to bring suit against tribal-affiliated payday lenders in court.
In PayDay Financial, the defendant had a tenuous relationship to the Tribe.
Although PayDay Financial's owner was a tribal member, he was not a tribal
official.  n100 The business was located on a Tribal land, but it was chartered
under South Dakota law, not tribal law.  n101 Furthermore, the defendants
admitted that the company was not owned or operated by the tribe.  n102

   Even with this loose affiliation, the FTC could only take action because
Payday Financial's garnishment of employee wages without a court order was a
Section 5 violation. Without this jurisdictional hook, the FTC could not have
taken any action against the lender. Unfortunately, payday lenders can cause
significant consumer harm without resorting to unfair or deceptive practices
that would give rise to a Section 5 violation. Consequently, the FTC will not be
able to address the problem of tribal-affiliated payday lenders comprehensively.


IV. Congressional Action: The Prescription for Payday Lending

   Because of the difficulties facing government regulators that would regulate
tribal-affiliated online payday lenders, Congress should address the industry
directly through legislation. Through the U.S. government's treaties with Native
American tribes, Congress has the authority to define the scope of tribal
sovereign immunity.  n103 It should use this authority to draft legislation that
will either exclude online payday lenders from the definition of "tribal
-affiliated businesses" or to abrogate tribal sovereign immunity for payday
[*1072]  lending. Congressional action could immediately clarify the law in such
a way that would eliminate a predatory practice without resorting to protracted
and costly litigation.

   The Constitution expressly grants Congress the power "[t]o regulate Commerce
with foreign Nations, among the several States, and within the Indian tribes."
n104 Congress's power over Indian affairs is "plenary and exclusive."  n105
Congress, in its discretion, "may restrict the retained sovereign power" of
Native American tribes.  n106 Given Congress's sweeping powers over Indian
affairs, Congress has a number of potential tools to end tribal-affiliated
payday lenders' ability to avoid regulation. For example, Congress could employ
its powers of "abrogation," outright restricting tribal sovereign immunity for
payday lending activities. Although extreme, courts have recognized that
defining the scope and substance of tribal sovereign immunity is within
Congress's powers.  n107 Moreover, affirmative congressional action to shape
tribal sovereign immunity is not without recent precedent. The Native American
Laws Technical Corrections Act of 2000 limited the ability of insurance carriers
that work with tribes from raising tribal immunity as a defense in litigation.
n108

   Removing payday lending from beneath the umbrella of tribal immunity would
close the regulatory gap exploited by payday lenders claiming tribal
affiliation. However, this remedy, which is most decisive and arguably best for
consumers is politically impractical given Washington gridlock and the political
influence of payday lenders.  n109 Congress is generally reluctant to completely
[*1073]  curtail an area of tribal sovereign immunity.  n110 Fortunately,
Congress has other more subtle and politically palatable options.

   Another method that Congress could employ would be to expressly delegate a
portion of its authority over tribes to state governments so that states would
have the power to regulate tribal-affiliated payday lenders. Congress is
empowered to vest federal authority with the states and has done so in the
context of tribal governance.  n111 In 1953, Congress passed PL 83-280, commonly
referred to Public Law 280, which shifted criminal authority to certain states,
essentially granting them the power "to enforce the same criminal laws inside
Indian country that they enforce[d] outside of it."  n112 Theoretically,
Congress could similarly delegate responsibility for addressing payday lending.

   But just because Congress could vest federal jurisdiction over payday lending
to states, Congress should not necessarily take this route. First, carefully
defining the grant of power necessary to ensure that states had the authority to
comprehensively address the problems associated with payday lending could be
difficult. For example, critics contend that Public Law 280 is a complicated
statute that has been misapplied by federal and state governments, allowing for
states to overreach in some cases.  n113 Second, a radical shift of
jurisdictional power from the federal government to the states can cause
friction with Native American groups. In part, the political controversy
surrounding the Public Law 280 resulted in Congress amending the law in 1968 to
require tribal consent for the delegation.  n114

   As opposed to an outright ban on payday lending or an unsettling shift of
authority to state governments, Congress could do what states are unable to do
and what courts have neglected to do: articulate authoritatively the criteria
for when payday lenders  [*1074]  affiliating with Native American tribes are
protected by tribal sovereign immunity. Perhaps the simplest way that Congress
could define how tribal immunity extends to a payday lending business would be
to base immunity on whether the payday lender was created under tribal law and
owned by the tribal government.

   This approach would have several advantages. First, adopting a litmus-like
test premised on tribal ownership is an elegant solution that would provide
predictability to payday lenders and tribes as well as being easily
administrable by courts. Second, Congress has employed the "tribal-owned"
distinction in the past when it established rules governing tribal gaming.  n115
Under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Gaming Act, only tribal-owned gaming
businesses are permissible by Congress.  n116 Congress could feasibly pass an
analogous law pertaining to tribal-owned payday lenders. Third, beyond precedent
and practicability, immunity based on tribal-ownership would serve the ends of
justice as it would specifically prevent non-tribal payday businesses from
opportunistically seeking out tribal affiliations to skirt regulation. Fourth, a
bright-line rule focusing on tribal ownership would reverse the expansion of
tribal immunity by lower courts that has occurred since the Kiowa decision.

   Alternatively, Congress could opt to define which businesses qualify as
"arms" of the tribal government. By prescribing a general arms-of-the-tribe
analysis, instead of a payday lending specific rule, Congress could create a
global test to determine when a tribal-affiliated business in any industry would
enjoy tribal immunity.

   To a significant extent, payday lenders affiliating with tribes have been
able to avoid regulation not because of the robustness of tribal sovereign
immunity, but because of the conflicting standards adopted by state and federal
courts to decide whether payday lenders qualify as tribal arms. Courts agree
that legitimate tribal agencies, or entities acting "as an arm of the tribe,"
are entitled to tribal immunity.  n117 But with the Supreme Court deferring to a
silent Congress on tribal immunity questions, lower courts have devised a
[*1075]  multiplicity of tests to determine whether a business is a tribal arm.
n118 While Alaska primarily analyzes the financial relationship between a
business and a tribe when considering whether to extend tribal immunity,
Minnesota adopts a more comprehensive multi-factor test.  n119 New York
jurisprudence holds that no arm-of-the-tribe analysis is dispositive and merely
suggests factors to courts to consider.  n120 In just Colorado's long-running
litigation against the payday lenders Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans,
Colorado courts articulated arm-of-the-tribe analyses that ranged between three
and eleven factors.  n121 Unfortunately, federal courts do little to  [*1076]
provide guidance to this schizophrenic landscape of standards. Federal courts
have not adopted an authoritative test to determining whether a business is an
arm of a tribe protected by tribal immunity.  n122

   The articulation by Congress of an arm-of-the-tribe standard would eliminate
the conflicting approaches devised by courts, thereby clarifying the law and
eliminating the uncertainty that hinders regulators from enforcing rules on
tribal-affiliated payday lenders. Although a congressional rule defining an
arm-of-the-tribe would be more difficult to draft than a narrow curtailment of
tribal immunity for payday lending, an arm-of-the-tribe standard has advantages.
Like a rule based on tribal ownership, defining what counts as an
arm-of-the-tribe would settle unsettled law and prevent the abuse of tribal
sovereign immunity. However, the arm-of-the-tribe test would achieve this end
without rolling back tribal immunity, which could be politically unpopular.

   Beyond providing clarity and coherence, an arm-of-the-tribe rule would also
provide continuity. In the two decades since Kiowa was decided, lower courts
have developed significant case law extending and defining tribal sovereign
immunity. For good or ill, parties have come to rely on the opinions and
interpretations developed in these cases. To nullify them by radically
eliminating tribal immunity in an entire industry would create a rupture in the
law and the real world. Payday lenders that are owned and operated by tribal
members or provide loans specifically to tribal members on tribal lands are
likely legitimate organizations. These companies and their customers would be
unfairly impacted by a radical reinterpretation of tribal sovereign immunity.
Devising a clear arm-of-the-tribe test would coexist with case law since Kiowa,
providing an incrementalist solution that promotes justice and administrability
through redefinition, not revolution.

   Perhaps most importantly, the creation of an arm-of-the-tribe rule would have
a positive impact beyond the debate about tribal-affiliated online payday
lenders. The question about the appropriateness of tribal immunity regularly
arises in a variety of legal contexts as well as in other industries where
tribes are active,  [*1077]  such as casinos and ski resorts. By defining which
entities outside of the tribal government enjoy tribal sovereign immunity,
Congress can clarify a wide range of cases, which will likely only increase as
tribal businesses across the country continue to earn large revenues and
diversify into new industries.  n123

Conclusion

   Abuses in the payday lending industry have negatively impacted families and
individuals across the United States. Although state governments have passed and
enforced laws that have transformed payday lending terms and practices to the
benefit of consumers, the trend of online payday lenders affiliating with Native
American tribes threatens to undermine these regulations.

   In many cases, tribal immunity prevents state governments from imposing
financial regulation and oversight on entities claiming tribal affiliation.
While federal agencies charged with consumer financial protection could
theoretically restrain these payday lenders' practices, jurisdictional
constraints, in the case of the FTC, or limited resources and expertise, as with
the CFPB, raise doubts about whether they can effectively address the issue. Nor
is a solution from courts forthcoming given the Supreme Court's express
deference to Congress on the issue of tribal immunity. Because of its plenary
power over Native American tribes, Congress has the authority and ultimate
responsibility to ensure that online payday lenders cannot avoid regulation by
claiming ersatz affiliation with a tribe. Congress has many means at its
disposal, but the best solution would be to pass legislation authoritatively
defining what constitutes an arm of a tribe for the purposes of determining the
scope of tribal immunity. This course of action would instill greater
uniformity, predictability and fairness in the payday lending industry while
articulating a standard applicable to regulation of all tribal businesses.

   During this time of economic crisis and flux, Congress has many competing
priorities. While payday lending is not as compelling as bank bailouts,
comprehensive financial reform and debt ceiling debates, Congress should not
neglect this issue. Abuses by payday lenders have cost vulnerable families
billions of dollars. Although poverty knows no race, these families
disproportionately  [*1078]  include minorities such as blacks, Latinos and,
ironically, Native Americans, who overwhelmingly consider payday lending a
problem in their communities.  n124 It is incumbent on Congress to protect the
neediest in society from rogue financial companies that evade regulation for
their own enrichment. Furthermore, Congress energetically addressing fabricated
tribal affiliation would send a message to Native American groups that, by
allowing tribal immunity to be used as a shield for unfair lending practices,
tribes hazard the possibility that Congress might restrict their tribal
sovereign immunity. This warning should resonate with tribes that are now
experiencing unprecedented economic growth and have much to lose by the
curtailment of their tribal sovereign immunity.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawState AutonomyAbrogation of ImmunityGovernmentsNative
AmericansGeneral OverviewReal Property LawFinancingMortgages & Other Security
InstrumentsMortgagee's Interests

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Definition of Usury, MERRIAM-WEBSTER.COM,
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/usury (last visited Apr. 1, 2012).




n2  See Ezekiel 18:17 (New International Version).




n3  See Wayne A.M. Visser & Alastair McIntosh, A Short Review of the Historical
Critique of Usury, 8 ACCOUNTING, Bus. & FIN. HISTORY 175, 175-89 (1998).




n4  See WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, THE MERCHANT OF VENICE act 4, sc. 1, II. 229-30
(Jay L. Halio ed., Clarendon Press 1993) (1600); Visser & McIntosh, supra note
3, at 181.




n5  See An Update on Emerging Issues in Banking: Payday Lending, FED. DEPOSIT
INSURANCE CORP. (Jan. 29, 2003),
http://www.fdic.gov/bank/analytical/fyi/2003/012903fyi.html.




n6  Id.




n7  See Blake T. Williams, The Dimensions of the Shark Tank: The Appropriate
Regulation of Payday Lending in South Carolina, 62 S.C. L. REV. 623,625(2011).




n8  See An Update on Emerging Issues in Banking: Payday Lending, supra note 5.




n9  See id.




n10  See JOHN P. CASKEY, THE ECONOMICS OF PAYDAY LENDING, FILENE RESEARCH INST.,
1 (2002),
https://www.cuany.org/access_files/outreach/Filene_-_The_Economics_of_Pay_Day_Le
nding.pdf




n11  See id. at 18.




n12  Michael Hudson & David Heath, Fights Over Tribal Payday Lenders Show
Challenges of Financial Reform, IWATCH NEWS BY THE CTR. FOR PUB. INTEGRITY, Feb.
7, 2011, http://www.iwatchnews.org/2011/02/07/2151fights-over-tribal
-payday-lenders-show-challenges-financial-reform.




n13  See Payday Lending: How the Debt Trap Catches Borrowers, CTR. FOR
RESPONSIBLE LENDING,
www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/tools-resources/debttrap.html (last
visited Apr. 1, 2012).




n14  Uriah King, Leslie Parrish & Ozlem Tanik, Financial Quicksand: Payday
Lending Sinks Borrowers in Debt with $ 4.2 Billion in Predatory Fees Every Year,
CTR. FOR RESPONSIBLE LENDING, 2 (Nov. 30, 2006),
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/rr012exec-Fin
ancial_Quicksand-1106.pdf.




n15  See Amanda Logan & Christian E. Weller, Who Borrows From Payday Lenders,
Cm. FOR AM. PROGRESS, 5 (Mar. 2009),
http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2009/03/pdf/payday_lending.pdf?bcsi_scan_
9AA99EB32CAE9A8A=0&bcsi_scan_filename=payday lending, pdf; Creola Johnson, The
Magic of Group Identity: How Predatory Lenders Use Minorities to Target
Communities of Color, 17 GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. & POL'Y 165, 174-75 (2010).




n16  Myth v. Reality, CMTY. FIN. SERVS. ASS'N OF AM., available at
http://cfsaa.com/about-the-payday-advance-industry/myth-vs.-reality.aspx (last
visited Apr. 1,2012).




n17  See, e.g., BBB Warns Against Deceitful Online Payday Lenders, BETTER Bus.
BUREAU (Mar. 23, 2012),
http://www.bbb.org/us/article/bbb-warns-against-deceitful-online-payday-lenders-
17855; Payday Lending: How a Short-Term Loan Becomes Long-Term Debt, CTR. FOR
RESPONSIBLE LENDING, http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/ (last
visited Apr. 1, 2012); CONSUMER FEDERATION OF AMERICA'S INFORMATION RESOURCE ON
PAYDAY LENDING FOR CONSUMERS AND ADVOCATES, http://www.paydayloaninfo.org/(last
visited Apr. 1, 2012).




n18  See Emily Wagster Pettus, Payday Lending Bill Passes in Mississippi House,
BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK, Jan. 19, 2011, http://www.
businessweek.com/ap/financialnews/D9KRE2NG0.htm; Thanh Tan, Texas Senate OKs
Bills Regulating Payday Lenders, TEX. TRIBUNE, May 23, 2011,
http://www.texastribune.org/texas-legislature/82nd-legislative-session/texas-sen
ate-oks-bills-regulating-payday-lenders/.




n19  See Payday Lending Statutes, NAT'L CONFERENCE FOR STATE LEGISLATURES (Nov.
1, 2011), http://www.ncsl.org/?tabid=12473.




n20  See Hudson & Heath, supra note 12; Herb Weisbaum, These Payday Lenders Are
Particularly Bad, MSNBC.COM, Mar. 18, 2010,
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/35914585/ns/business-consumer_news/t/these-payday-le
nders-are-particularly-bad/.




n21  Letter from National Consumer Law Center to Representatives of Congress
(May 11, 2011), available at
http://www.consumerfed.org/pdfs/Group-Payday-CFPB-Hill-letter-2011.pdf.




n22  See Joe Mont, Tribal-Land Payday Loans Spark Reservations, THESTREET.COM,
July 6, 2011, http://www.thestreet.com/story/11174918/tribal-land-payday-loans
-spark-reservations.html); Hudson & Heath, supra note 12.




n23  See Mont, supra note 22.




n24  See Hudson & Heath, supra note 12.




n25  See id.




n26  See id.




n27  See Press Release, Cmty. Fin. Servs. Ass'n. of America, Storefront Payday
Lenders Reject Native American Partnerships (Feb. 10, 2011), available at
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20110210006485/en/Storefront-Payday-Lender
s-Reject-Native-American-Partnerships.




n28  See Press Release, Native Am. Fair Commerce Coal, The Native American Fair
Commerce Coalition Cites the Community Financial Services Association of America
(CFSAA) With Sovereignty Interference and Discrimination (July 11, 2011),
available at http://www.marketwire.com/press-release/native-american
-fair-commerce-coalition-cites-community-financial-services-association-1536716.
htm (last visited Apr. 1, 2012).




n29  Okla. Tax Comm'n v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe of Okla., 498 U.S.
505, 509 (1991) (citing Cherokee Nation v. Ga., 30 U.S. 1, 2 (1831)).




n30  See id. at 515.




n31  Under the doctrine of state sovereign immunity, which is affirmed in the
Eleventh Amendment of the Constitutions, a state possesses sovereign immunity
and cannot be sued in federal court unless the state has: 1) consented to suit;
2) the plaintiff is another state; 3) Congress has expressly abrogated area of
state immunity; or 4) an Ex Parte Young exception applies. See Bless Young &
Kurt Gurtka, An Overview of State Sovereign Immunity, UTAH STATE BAR (Oct. 24,
2004),
http://webster.utahbar.org/barjournal/2004/10/an_overview_of_state_sovereign.ht
ml. See also Katherine J. Florey, Indian Country's Borders: Territoriality,
Immunity, and the Construction of Tribal Sovereignty, 51 B.C. L. REV. 595,
597-98 & 623 (2010).




n32  Florey, supra note 31, at 616. For examples of the Court's nineteenth
century decisions, see Parks v. Ross, 52 U.S. 362, 374 (1850) and Thebo v.
Choctaw Tribe of Indians, 66 F. 372, 373-74 (8th Cir. 1895).




n33  See Jeff M. Kosseff, Sovereignty for Profits: Courts' Expansion of
Sovereign Immunity to Tribe-Owned Businesses, 5 FLA. A & M U. L. REV. 131,
134-35 (2009) (surveying the development of tribal immunity law through case
law). See generally U.S. v. U.S. Fid. & Guar. Co., 309 U.S. 506 (1940)
(recognizing tribal sovereignty).




n34  See U.S. Fid. & Guar. Co., 309 U.S. at 512.




n35  Id. at 510.




n36  Id. at 509.




n37  Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, 436 U.S. 49, 72 (1978). See also Florey,
supra note 31, at 620-21.




n38  523 U.S. 751 (1998).




n39  Id. at 753-54.




n40  Id. at 755.




n41  Id. at 754-55.




n42  See Kosseff, supra note 33, at 132.




n43  See Fla. Paraplegic, Ass'n, Inc. v. Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Fla.,
166 F.3d 1126, 1127 & 1130 (11th Cir. 1999) (internal citations omitted).




n44  Id. at 1130-32.




n45  Id. at 1131.




n46  See Cook v. AVI Casino Enter., 548 F.3d 718, 720-21 (9th Cir. 2008).




n47  See id. at 720.




n48  Id. at 725.




n49  Id. at 726 (citing Allen v. Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d 1044, 1046-47
(9th Cir. 2006)).




n50  Id. at 727.




n51  See Kosseff, supra note 33, at 132.




n52  See Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans v. Colorado, 242 P.2d 1099, 1103
(Colo. 2010).




n53  See id.




n54  Hudson & Heath, supra note 12.




n55  See Cash Advance, 242 P.2d at 1103.




n56  See id.




n57  See id.




n58  See Heath & Hudson, supra note 12.




n59  Id.




n60  Cash Advance, 242 P.2d at 1104.




n61  See id.




n62  State ex rel. Suthers v. Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans, 205 P.3d 389,
405-06 (Colo. App. 2008).




n63  See id.




n64  See Cash Advance, 242 P.2d at 1110.




n65  See Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal.Rptr. 3d 572, 575-76 (Cal. App.
2008).




n66  See id. at 576.




n67  Id. at 575.




n68  Id. at 585.




n69  Id. at 585-86.




n70  See In re W. Sky Fin., LLC, 2011 WL 1540518, at *1 (MD Comm. Fin. Reg.).
Western Sky Financial is also currently in litigation with Colorado. See
generally Kenneth Long, Colorado Sues Western Sky Financial for Exceeding
Permissible Interest Rates for Unlicensed Lenders, DEBTORSUNITE.COM (Mar. 29,
2011, 10:57 PM),
http://www.debtorsunite.com/Blog/Debtors-Fight-Back/March-2011/Colorado-Sues-Wes
tern-Sky-Financial-for-Exceeding-.aspx.




n71  In re W. Sky Fin., 2011 WL 1540518, at *5-8.




n72  See id. at *8.




n73  See Md. Comm'r of Fin. Regulation v. W. Sky Fin., LLC, et al., Civil No:
WDQ-11-0735, 4 (Oct. 12, 2011), available at
http://turtletalk.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/dct-order-granting-remand-to-agenc
y.pdf.




n74  See id. at 18.




n75  See W. VA. ATT'Y GEN.'S OFFICE, 2007 ANNUAL REPORT, 31 (2007), available at
http://www.wvago.gov/pdf/annualreports/2007_report.pdf.




n76  See id. at 32.




n77  See id. See generally Heath & Hudson, supra note 12.




n78  See Press Release, W. Va. Att'y Gen.'s Office, Attorney General McGraw
Continues His Success in Halting the Making and Collection of Payday Loans in
WV. $ 1.57 Million in Total Relief to Date (Sept. 17, 2008), available at
http://www.wvago.gov/press.cfm?fx=more&ID=447.




n79  See id.




n80  See Hudson & Heath, supra note 12.




n81  See E.E.O.C. v. Fond du Lac Heavy Equip. & Constr. Co., 986 F.2d 246, 248
(8th Cir. 1993) (citing Fed. Power Comm'n v. Tuscarora Indian Nation, 362 U.S.
99, 120(1960)).




n82  Plaintiff's Motion for Temporary Restraining Order and Other Equitable
Relief and an Order to Show Cause Why a Preliminary Injunction Should Not Issue
at 27, FTC v. Payday Fin., LLC, et al. No. 11-3017 (C.D.S.D. Sept. 6, 2011)
(citing Phillips Petroleum Co. v. U.S. E.P.A., 803 F.2d 545, 556 (10th Cir.
1986)) [hereinafter Plaintiff's Motion].




n83  See id. at 27-28 (citing In re Nat'l Cattle Cong., 247 B.R. 259, 265
(Bankr. N.D. Iowa 2000); Fla. Paraplegic, Ass'n, Inc. v. Miccosukee Tribe of
Indians of Fla., 166 F.3d 1126, 1130 (11th Cir. 1999).




n84  Plaintiff's Motion, supra note 82, at 28-29 (citing Gristede's Foods, Inc.
v. Unkechuage Nation, 660 F. Supp. 2d. 442, 477 (E.D.N.Y. 2009)).




n85  See Jenna Greene, FTC, CFPB Sorting Out Respective Roles in Reducing
Financial Fraud, LAW.COM, Sept. 15, 2011,
http://www.law.com/jsp/article.jsp?id=1202514307035&slreturn=1.




n86  See Plaintiff's Motion, supra note 82, at 27.




n87  Alvin C. Harrell, Teaching Consumer Law, 14 J. CONSUMER & COM. L.
87,95(2011).




n88  The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act § 1021(a), 12
U.S.C.A § 5511(a) (West 2010).




n89  Id. at § 1021(c)(5).




n90  Id. at § 1024(a)(1)(E) (granting the Bureau the ability to supervise payday
lenders). See also Elizabeth Warren, Warren Outlines CFPB's Mission for
Consumers, 30-APR AM. BANKR. INST. J. 10, 10 & 103 (2011).




n91  See, e.g., Johnson, supra note 15, at 168-69 (advocating for the creation
of a federal consumer protection agency and outlining the agency's purpose).




n92  See Warren, supra note 90, at 10 & 103.




n93  Fact Sheet, Dep't of Treasury, The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act Benefits Native Americans (Oct. 2010), available at
http://www.treasury.gov/initiatives/wsr/Documents/Fact%20Sheet%20-%20Benefits%20
Native%20Americans,%20Oct%202010%20FINAL.pdf.




n94  See Nathalie Martin, What Can the CFPB Do To Regulate Payday lenders?,
CREDITSLIPS.ORG (June 28, 2011, 5:01 PM),
http://www.creditslips.org/creditslips/2011/06/what-can-the-cfpb-do-to-regulate-
payday-lenders.html.




n95  See Donal Griffin, Citigroup Lobbyist Casts Doubt on Obama's Recess
Appointment, BLOOMBERG, Jan. 11, 2012,
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-01-ll/citigroup-lobbyist-casts-doubt-on-obama
-s-recess-appointment-of-cordray.html.




n96  See Greene, supra note 85.




n97  See 15 U.S.C. § 45(a)(1) (2006).




n98  See id. at § 45(a)(2). See, e.g, Plaintiff's Motion, supra note 82, at 27.




n99  See Press Release, Fed. Trade Comm'n, FTC Action Halts Allegedly Illegal
Tactics of Payday Lending Operation That Attempted to Garnish Consumers'
Paychecks (Sept. 12, 2011), available at www.ftc.gov/opa/2011/09/payday.shtm
(last visited Apr. 1, 2012). Payday Financial and related businesses offered
payday services to consumers through the country, advertising on television and
its websites. Id. The FTC complained that if consumers missed payment on Payday
Financial loans, Payday Financial would send documents to consumers' employers
that resembled documents that federal debt collectors use to garnish wages owed
to the federal government without a court order. Id. The FTC contended that this
activity violated Section 5 of the FTC Act as well as the FTC's Credit Practices
Rule, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, and Regulation E. Id.




n100  See Plaintiff's Motion, supra note 82, at 29.




n101  Id.




n102  Id. at 29-30.




n103  See infra text accompanying notes 110-12.




n104  U.S. CONST. art. I, § 8. See, e.g., Richmond v. Wampanoag Tribal Court
Cases, 431 F. Supp. 2d 1159, 1163 (D. Utah 2006).




n105  Washington v. Confederated Bands & Tribes of Yakima Indian Nation, 439
U.S. 463,470(1979).




n106  Id. at 501 (citing United States v. Wheeler, 435 U.S. 313 (1978)).




n107  Cook v. AVI Casino Enterprises, Inc., 548 F.3d 718, 728 (9th Cir. 2008).
See also Washington, 439 U.S. at 501; Wheeler, 435 U.S. at 313.




n108  See Kosseff, supra note 33, at 149.




n109  Figures specifically addressing political spending by tribal-affiliated
payday lenders are not available. The payday lending industry has deep pockets
that it has used for political purposes in the past: in 2008 in Arizona and
Ohio, the industry spent $ 30 million in support of a ballot initiative that
would have eliminated regulations on payday landing. See Keith Epstein,
Profiting From Recession, Payday Lenders Spend Big to Fight Regulation,
HUFFINGTON POST, May 2, 2010,
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/03/02/profiting-from-recession_n_482297.html.




n110  See Foxworthy v. Puyallup Tribe of Indians Ass'n, 169 P.3d 53 (Wash. Ct.
App. 2007).




n111  See Eileen M. Luna, Law Enforcement Oversight in the American Indian
Community, 4 GEO. PUB. POL'Y REV. 149, 152 (1999).




n112  Id.




n113  See Ada Pecos Melton & Jerry Gardner, Public law 280: Issues and Concerns
for Victims of Crime in Indian Country,
http://aidainc.net/Publications/p1280.htm (last visited Apr. 1, 2012).




n114  See K. Bliss Adams, Order in the Courts: Resolution of Tribal/State
Criminal Jurisdictional Disputes, 24 TULSA L.J. 89, 110 n.182 (1988).




n115  Aaron F.W. Meek, The Conflict Between State Tests of Tribal Entity
Immunity and the Congressional Policy of Indian Self-Determination, 35 AM.
INDIAN L. REV. 141, 170(2011).




n116  See Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, 25 U.S.C. § 2710(b)(3)(D) (2006).




n117  Allen v. Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d 1044, 1046 (9th Cir. 2006).




n118  See, e.g., Kiowa Tribe of Okla. V. Mfg. Tech., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 759
(1998); Gristede's Foods, Inc. v. Ukechuage Nation, 660 F. Supp. 2d. 442, 467
(E.D.N.Y. 2009).




n119  See Meek, supra note 115, at 158.




n120  See id. (citing Ransom v. St. Regis Mohawk Educ. & Cmty. Fund, Inc., 658
N.E.2d 989, 992 (N.Y. 1995)).




n121  The Colorado Court of Appeals suggested an eleven-factor test to determine
whether the payday lenders were arms of the tribe:


     (1) [W]hether Cash Advance and Preferred Cash are organized under the
     Tribes' laws or constitutions; (2) whether the purposes of Cash
     Advance and Preferred Cash are similar to the Tribes' purposes; (3)
     whether the governing bodies of Cash Advance and Preferred Cash are
     composed predominantly of tribal officials; (4) whether the Tribes
     have legal title to or own the property used by Cash Advance and
     Preferred Cash; (5) whether tribal officials exercise control over
     Cash Advance's and Preferred Cash's administration and accounting; (6)
     whether the Tribes' governing bodies have the authority to dismiss
     members of the governing bodies of Cash Advance and Preferred Cash;
     (7) whether Cash Advance and Preferred Cash generate their own
     revenues; (8) whether a suit against Cash Advance and Preferred Cash
     will affect the Tribes' finances and bind or obligate tribal funds;
     (9) the announced purposes of Cash Advance and Preferred Cash; (10)
     whether Cash Advance and Preferred Cash manage or exploit tribal
     resources; and (11) whether protection of tribal assets and autonomy
     will be furthered by extending immunity to Cash Advance and Preferred
     Cash.


 Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans v. State, 242 P.3d 1099, 1105 (Colo.
2010) (citing State v. Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans, 205 P.3d 389, 406
(Colo. App. 2008)). On appeal, the Colorado Supreme Court reduced the
arm-of-the-tribe to a three factor test: "(1) whether the tribes created the
entities pursuant to tribal law; (2) whether the tribes own and operate the
entities; and (3) whether the entities' immunity protects the tribes'
sovereignty." Id. at 1110.




n122  See, e.g., Gristede's Foods, 660 F. Supp. 2d. at 477.




n123  See generally Alysa Landry, Census: American Indian Populations Are on the
Rise, FARMINGTON DAILY TIMES, Nov. 29, 2011,
http://www.daily-times.com/ci_19429836.




n124  See FIRST NATIONS DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE, BORROWING TROUBLE: PREDATORY
LENDING IN NATIVE AMERICAN COMMUNITIES 2 (2008).


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: What the Tribal and Medical Communities are Saying about Noem's
HEALTTH Act

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kristi Noem has issued the following news release:




 Members of the tribal and medical communities weighed in today on Rep. Noem's
Helping Ensure Accountability, Leadership, and Transparency in Tribal Healthcare
Act (HEALTTH Act), which offers comprehensive reforms to the crisis-stricken
Indian Health Service (IHS).





 Emphasis has been added throughout.  You can click each link to access the
organization's complete letter of support.



 ROSEBUD SIOUX TRIBE

 In a resolution recognizing Rep. Noem's HEALTTH Act and her fight for
additional IHS funding, among other things, the Tribal Council stated: "The
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Council wishes to extend its gratitude, thanks, and support
for South Dakota Representative Kristi Noem's continued commitment in improving
the Social, Economic, and Health issues for the Rosebud Sioux Tribe and its
members."



 NATIONAL INDIAN HEALTH BOARD

 "The spirit and intent of this legislation is clearly aimed at responding to
the call of Tribal leaders, patients and the families of those who have had
adverse experiences within the IHS system."



 AVERA

 "This bill would be instrumental in improving the quality of health care
available to American Indians&hellip;"



 RAPID CITY REGIONAL HEALTH

 "The solutions proposed in the HEALTTH Act will help address the fundamental,
systemic failures in the Great Plains Area Service Area."



 SANFORD HEALTH

 "Sanford Health shares your hope that the HEALTTH Act of 2016 offers meaningful
pathways toward enhanced American Indian health care and more efficient
utilization of precious health care resources."



 SOUTH DAKOTA ASSOCIATION OF HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS

 "We support your innovative and forward thinking in introducing the HEALTTH
Act."



 SOUTH DAKOTA STATE MEDICAL ASSOCIATION

 "[W]e believe the changes proposed by you via the [HEALTTH Act] will help
address the funding and administrative/structural issues currently crippling
Native American health care delivery system."



 SOUTH DAKOTA DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "The South Dakota Dental Association greatly appreciates your efforts to
improve the health of Native Americans&hellip;.  Your proposals are a step in
the right direction."



 NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION

 "This important bill will ensure access to timely, quality care and expand
hiring authority for the Indian Health Service."



 AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "[The] loan repayment program has proven to be one of the IHS's best
recruitment and retention tools to ensure an adequate health workforce to serve
in the many remote IHS locations&hellip;. Changing the tax status of the IHS
loans to make them tax free [as Noem's bill does] would enable the Service to
fill two-thirds or more of the loan repayment requests."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2001 Seton Hall University Law Center
                         Seton Hall Legislative Journal

                                      2001

                          25 Seton Hall Legis. J. 429

LENGTH: 11412 words

NOTE: AN ATTEMPTED REVOLUTION IN NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING: THE NATIVE AMERICAN
HOUSING ASSISTANCE AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT

NAME: George H. Cortelyou*

BIO: * Student at Seton Hall University School of Law, J.D. anticipated May
2002. Mr. Cortelyou has also authored the book Along the Power Axis: A Journey
through American Politics and Culture (2001).

TEXT:
 [*429]

   I. Introduction

 Home has a special place in all cultures, including Native American cultures.
n1 To most Americans it does not seem unusual to  [*430]  live in a home that is
structurally sound or has enough room for everyone, complete plumbing,
electricity, and a telephone. On reservations these basic amenities are hard for
Native Americans n2 to come by. n3 Many reservations resemble Third World
nations, because unemployment, economic depression, and inadequate housing
produce conditions that few non-Indians experience. n4 Almost a century and a
half ago, the federal government compelled Native Americans to leave their
homelands for reservations under treaties which promised that the United States
would be their trustee and act in their benefit. n5 Only five years ago,
however, the federal government fulfilled its trust duty to find Native
Americans new homes by passing the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act of 1996 n6 (NAHASDA)  [*431]  to assist tribes with
affordable housing. n7

   NAHASDA attempts to remedy the acute housing problems that Native Americans
face n8 by severing them from non-Indian urban housing programs n9 and
recognizing that tribes are sovereign Nations with separate and unique needs.
n10 To do so, NAHASDA consolidates prior low-income housing programs into a
single block grant that tribes spend where they see fit n11 and it empowers
tribes to access private lenders through housing loan guarantees and increased
leasehold terms for mortgages. n12

   This note inquires into whether NAHASDA overcomes the barriers to affordable
housing for low-income Native Americans. Though NAHASDA broke the status quo of
failed housing policies, n13 Native Americans must still find "creative
solutions" to meet their needs because NAHASDA was not a panacea for affordable
housing. n14 This note concludes that NAHASDA succeeded in part but failed
overall because of inadequate funding, its inability to stimulate private
[*432]  lenders' participation, and its failure to address the economic crisis
underlying the housing problem. n15

   II. Reservation Economies and the Need for Affordable Housing

 Homeownership is valuable to economic development on reservations because home
equity amounts to capital for business, investments, and education, but
unfortunately those opportunities are limited. n16 According to Senator John
McCain, "Statistics do not reveal adequately the situations that exist on Indian
reservations across the country today." n17 Reservation economies are extremely
depressed due to their placement on generally remote, marginal lands with few
natural resources. n18 To illustrate the absence of reservation infrastructure,
the  [*433]  Navajo reservation is about the size of West Virginia, but it has
2,000 miles of paved roads while West Virginia has 18,000. n19 As a stark
example of reservation poverty, when President Clinton invited all 547 federally
recognized tribes to a summit at the White House in 1994, over 40 percent of
tribes could not afford to send a representative and some tribes spent half
their annual tribal budgets to do so. n20 Contrary to the popular myth that
Indian gaming made tribes wealthy, few tribes have tried it and fewer still
succeeded. n21 When President Clinton visited  [*434]  these reservations five
years later, little had changed. n22

   Indeed, little has changed for Native American housing, which is 50 years
behind its non-Indian counterparts. n23 About 20 percent of Native American
homes lack complete plumbing facilities, which was the same level for non-Indian
homes in the 1950s. n24 Native American amenities are also years behind.
Eighteen percent of Native American homes lack complete kitchens, 53 percent
lack a telephone, and one-third use wood for heat - the same levels for
non-Indians before and during the 1950s. n25 Nearly 10 percent of Native
Americans face the Census Bureau's "worst case scenario": both overcrowding and
insufficient plumbing. n26 Native Americans need an estimated 200,000  [*435]
housing units. n27

   III. Background and Legal Concepts



In carrying out its treaty obligations with the Indian tribes, the Government is
something more than a mere contracting party. Under a humane and self-imposed
policy which has found expression in many acts of Congress and numerous
decisions of this Court, it has charged itself with moral obligations of the
highest responsibility and trust. n28

 The federal government stands in a trust relationship with Native Americans
that has all the attributes of a traditional trust, including fiduciary duties.
n29 Traditional property law principles like adverse possession, laches,
statutes of limitation, and estoppel are inapplicable to land held in trust for
Native Americans. n30 These legal limitations frighten away potential lenders
and mortgagors who feel they cannot  [*436]  use the land as collateral and are
thus without legal recourse upon default. n31 Lenders are also frightened away
because the Bureau of Indian Affairs ("BIA") must certify a title status report
evaluating the current ownership of any trust land before it can be encumbered.
n32

   Though trust status is meant to protect Native Americans, it strains their
relationship with the federal government because they are treated as "domestic
dependent nations;" i.e., sovereign wards of a guardian. n33 The federal
government intended the reservation system to continue Native American
possession of the lands held in trust for them, but reservations became a
vehicle for "civilizing" tribes or worse. n34  [*437]  Although the BIA
administers the trust corpus lands for their benefit, n35 Native Americans doubt
its practices due to a long history of financial mismanagement. n36 Even when
trust management is delegated to states, millions of dollars in trust have
disappeared. n37 Successful legislation for  [*438]  Native Americans must
include accountability to them or recognition of their sovereignty. n38

   The policies the federal government adopted for Native Americans devastated
their health, housing, and culture. n39 Congress believed that  [*439]  Native
Americans practiced "savagism" in their communal ownership of land n40 and that
individual ownership would turn them into prosperous middle class farmers. n41
The result was that by 1934 the Secretary of the Interior had sold two-thirds of
all Native American lands to non-Indian homesteaders. n42 Congressional policy
also complicated leasing and title searches of Native American lands
tremendously. n43

   It was not until NAHASDA that Native Americans could apply to programs that
were specifically designed for them, unavailable to non-Indians, and not
extensions of existing programs. n44 There was, for  [*440]  example, the United
States Housing Act of 1937 (the 1937 Housing Act), which created the Low Rent
Public Housing Program for low-and moderate-income families. n45 The 1937
Housing Act, however, created legal tensions and public planning disasters in
Native American communities. n46 In 1964, HUD and the BIA developed the Mutual
Help Homeownership Program. n47 Its 1976 replacement, the Mutual Help  [*441]
Homeownership and Opportunity Program, n48 was considered a success because it
made homeownership possible for many Native American families. n49 HUD also
developed the Modernization Program in 1968 to assist Native Americans replace
or improve deteriorating housing n50 and established two block grant programs,
the Indian Community Development Block Grant and the HOME Investment
Partnership. n51 In addition, a variety of federal mortgage programs served
Native American housing needs. n52 Nevertheless, lenders made a total of only
[*442]  ninety-one home purchase loans between 1992 and 1996 to Native Americans
on reservations, eighty of which were to members of just two tribes. n53

   IV. The Ingredients of a Successful Housing Program

 The trust relationship between the federal government and Native Americans
provides Congress with guidance in legislating for them. n54  [*443]  At
minimum, NAHASDA must include accountability to them in recognition of their
sovereignty. n55 Moreover, NAHASDA must be flexible enough to accommodate the
variety of climates Native Americans live in and their cultural values. n56
Traditional Native American home designs are particularly rich and are central
to a tribe's identity. n57 Uniform public housing and building codes designed
for  [*444]  cities fail on remote reservations because of their climate and
geography. n58 Consequently, NAHASDA cannot apply cookie-cutter solutions to
Native American housing. n59

   NAHASDA must also overcome the traditional barriers to housing development on
reservations in order to meet the needs of low-income Native Americans. Poverty
impacts at all levels of the lending process and it is arguably the single most
important factor in access to loans. n60  [*445]  Native Americans lack
homebuyer education and credit counseling, so they are unaware of financial
resources; n61 and for those who are aware, racial discrimination regularly
stymies their attempts to obtain loans. n62 Distance from lenders also impacts
greatly on the lending process as to home-buyer education, language barriers,
and the absence of infrastructure for development in tribal areas. n63 Tribal
law is generally  [*446]  inadequate to provide lenders with mortgage remedies
upon default n64 and tribal land is held in trust, which prohibits alienation,
complicates leases, and discourages lenders concerned about foreclosure. n65
Lastly, the BIA must approve any mortgage or title insurance before it can be
issued on trust lands, thus creating processing delays. n66

   V. NAHASDA and How It Works

   A. Statutory Provisions

 To accomplish affordable housing for low-income Native Americans, NAHASDA has
two essential aims: to open the door to private lending and to merge federal
Indian housing programs into a single flexible block grant, which tribes n67 may
use according to their needs, thus recognizing tribal self-determination and
sovereignty. n68 As  [*447]  originally passed, n69 NAHASDA is organized into
seven titles. n70

   Under Title I, tribes design their own housing plan and send it to the
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (Secretary) n71 whom NAHASDA
authorizes to make block grants directly to tribes. n72 Alternatively, a tribe
may form a tribally designated housing entity (TDHE) n73 to submit plans and
receive block grants on its behalf. n74 The housing plan consists of a one-year
plan and a five-year plan which include the tribe's objectives, housing needs,
an account of outside financial resources, and a certificate of compliance with
federal non-discrimination statutes. n75 Upon the Secretary's approval, the
housing funds are distributed. n76 The following year, tribes must submit
another  [*448]  housing plan to obtain the next annual block grant. n77 Title I
also describes the negotiated rulemaking committee of tribal and HUD
representatives from "geographically diverse small, medium, and large Indian
tribes" in recognition of Native American diversity, n78 who establish the
regulations for implementing NAHASDA. n79

   The Secretary must review housing plans for compliance, n80 and if a tribe or
its TDHE has performed poorly under housing programs before NAHASDA, HUD
monitors it more closely. n81 If a tribe is "substantially noncompliant,"
NAHASDA authorizes HUD to reduce or eliminate funding, replace the tribal
housing entity, n82 or render technical assistance. n83 NAHASDA originally had a
compliance waiver relieving small tribes of technical burdens. n84 Title I also
originally included a controversial provision n85 prohibiting block grants to
tribes unless they submitted a certificate of compliance with the Davis-Bacon
Act in their housing plan n86 and conducted an environmental review. n87 Another
[*449]  controversial provision denied block grants to recipients who paid taxes
to any political body, including tribal governments, or who did not pay
utilities under a local cooperation agreement. n88

   Title II establishes basic qualifications for block grant funding and defines
the funded activities, n89 the most significant of which include buying,
building, or improving homes as well as funding services like counseling and
crime prevention. n90 The grant recipient must assist low-income Native American
families, n91 defined as those earning 80 percent of the local median income or
less. n92 Housing units may only be sold or  [*450]  rented to low-income
families for their entire useful life. n93 Title II also mandates rent ceilings,
homebuyer payment caps, n94 insurance coverage, n95 and fair lease terms. n96

   The negotiated rulemaking committee of HUD and tribal representatives draft
the allocation formula governed by Title III, n97 which the Secretary uses to
calculate the amount of the block grants. n98 The committee is required to
consider a number of factors reflecting a tribe's needs including poverty, other
available housing funds, the number of units it manages, and its ability to
administer the plan, n99 but not a tribe's performance prior to NAHASDA. n100 A
complex formula for determining the funding in each block grant resulted. n101
Title III  [*451]  originally had a "safety net" provision to prevent allocating
less funding than in 1996. n102

   Title IV specifies the procedures for tribal compliance and reporting. n103
If a tribe fails to comply with NAHASDA, the Secretary can terminate the block
grants, reduce them by the amount not expended, limit their permitted uses, or
replace the TDHE. n104 If the Secretary feels that the tribe has not complied
substantially, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General who
may bring a civil action. n105 On the other hand, a tribe that wants to review
the Secretary's funding limitation or termination must petition the federal
appeals courts. n106 If the tribe could not comply merely for technical
incapacity, the Secretary may assist the tribe to better comply. n107

   Title V repeals housing assistance to Native Americans under  [*452]  the
1937 Housing Act, n108 the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act,
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, and the Stewart B. McKinney
Homeless Assistance Act. n109

   Title VI allows grant recipients to apply for loan guarantees backed by the
full faith and credit of the United States. n110 The tribe or its TDHE may
guarantee a loan up to five times the amount of its block grant. n111 Tribes may
use NAHASDA grants to repay the loan. n112 The Secretary can guarantee up to $
400 million per year and $ 2 billion total over five years. n113 Title VI also
requires the Secretary to educate Native Americans about the loan guarantees.
n114

   Finally, Title VII increases leasehold terms up to 50 years to encourage
private lending. n115 Title VII also allows funds for a national organization to
provide training and technical assistance to Native American housing authorities
and housing entities. n116

   B. NAHASDA's Success

 Of the 575 tribal housing entities, 97 percent met the first housing plan
submission deadline of July 1, 1998, n117 and by September 30[su'th'], HUD
distributed nearly all of the NAHASDA block grants, totaling $ 550 million. n118
While the number of housing units developed or planned under the 1937 Housing
Act was 2,000 annually, NAHASDA built 6,000 in its first year. n119 By January
2001, 25,000 housing units  [*453]  were planned or produced under the Act. n120
Of the 77 tribes the National American Indian Housing Council surveyed, 84
percent said NAHASDA was an improvement over earlier housing programs. n121
Interestingly, tribal housing entities performed better than HUD in accurately
implementing NAHASDA. n122

   NAHASDA also successfully marked the first time Congress recognized that HUD
urban housing was inappropriate for tribes on reservations. n123 Congress
promoted NAHASDA as an historic step in its relations with Native Americans by
extending fundamental American rights to them. n124 Tribes are sovereigns, whom
NAHASDA respects by allowing them to structure their own programs and take
responsibility for the results. n125 The Act further anticipates the problem of
friction  [*454]  between tribes and their housing authorities by providing for
tribal review of plans before submission. n126 Moreover, NAHASDA used community
planning and development to ameliorate reservation economies. n127 Title VI loan
guarantees are NAHASDA's most important provision, because tribes can use it to
clear their waiting lists quickly. n128 NAHASDA also successfully simplified the
process of acquiring housing funds by substituting a single block grant for
numerous housing programs. n129 The trust relationship guided Congress to serve
Native American needs better and to help them achieve self-sufficiency, n130
ultimately improving the relationship between the two  [*455]  governments. n131
NAHASDA's success is key to congressional reauthorization of the Act in 2001,
which would cement its place in the landscape of Native American housing. n132

   VI. The Implementation of NAHASDA Shows Its Shortcomings

 Unfortunately a General Accounting Office study found that the most significant
barriers to Native American home lending still existed after NAHASDA. n133
Housing is inextricably tied to poverty, desolation,  [*456]  and the absence of
infrastructure, which NAHASDA does not improve. n134 In implementing NAHASDA,
HUD also restricted some provisions and added terms. n135 One very significant
implementation failure was a lack of publicity or regulations for its guaranteed
loan provisions. n136 Three years passed before HUD issued regulations for Title
VI guarantees, and HUD refused to consult tribes under negotiated rulemaking
after the initial 1998 regulations. n137 In addition, Congress  [*457]  did not
adequately fund NAHASDA to meet tribes' needs though it increased the number of
tribes receiving funds. n138 Even before NAHASDA was enacted, it was called a
"Band-Aid solution," because without increases in funding, it changes nothing.
n139 Welfare reform further strains NAHASDA funding by removing funds Native
Americans relied on and forcing some back onto reservations. n140 Though NAHASDA
built 25,000 housing units with $ 650 million in the last fiscal year 2001,
tribes need 200,000 housing units and an additional $ 450 million annually just
to meet current demand. n141 For  [*458]  now, tribal housing authorities seek
"creative" solutions, like partnerships with private lenders or using the
proceeds of tax-exempt bonds financed by the block grant. n142

   A. An Amendment for Taxes, Wages, and other Technical Oversights

 One major roadblock was the environmental survey requirement, which deprived
some tribes of millions of dollars and forced others to abandon housing
construction without an actual environmental problem. n143 Another roadblock was
the requirement that Native American recipients could not receive a block grant
if they paid taxes to any political body, including tribes. n144 Congress also
included the  [*459]  Davis-Bacon wage requirement, which upset Senator McCain
and the tribes who testified against it, because it forced Native Americans "to
pay Cadillac prices for Volkswagens." n145

   The Omnibus Indian Advancement Act ("OIAA") n146 attempted to correct these
technical problems, but merely enacted provisions in the Code of Federal
Regulations and it actually restricted other provisions in NAHASDA, especially
against smaller tribes. n147 For example, the  [*460]  amendment repeated de
facto review and audit procedures. n148 The OIAA limited the Secretary's
compliance waiver to three months for tribes that had circumstances beyond their
control; n149 the Secretary could no longer waive compliance standards for small
tribes; n150 and the Secretary could waive the environmental survey requirement
under a narrow 4-prong test that hurts smaller tribes. n151 The allocation
formula no longer had a floor of the amount received in 1996 and limited
modernization assistance to smaller tribes. n152 The OIAA also gave tribes a
hearing for noncompliance n153 and narrowed the time for better  [*461]
performance. n154 The tax exemption requirement was not eliminated, but the
Secretary could waive it if the tribe made good faith efforts to comply. n155
The Davis-Bacon wage requirement was not eliminated either, but did not apply if
tribes had laws requiring wages above the prevailing rate. n156

   B. Title VIII for Native Hawaiians at Last

 Even though the federal government stands in a fiduciary relationship with
Native Hawaiians, n157 NAHASDA did not assist them, n158 so they went unnoticed
for federal housing funds despite 40 years of Hawaiian statehood. n159 The
Hawaiian Homelands Homeownership Act  [*462]  of 2000 finally corrected this
oversight by adding Title VIII to NAHASDA. n160

   The housing dilemma for Native Hawaiians is more critical than for Native
Americans. n161 Over 80 years ago, the federal government placed 200,000 acres
in trust for Native Hawaiians but the revenues from the land were insufficient
for infrastructure and housing. n162 Native Hawaiians today have the highest
overcrowding rates in the country at 36 percent compared to three percent
nationally. n163 Of Native Hawaiians, 49 percent have housing problems as
compared with 44 percent of Native Americans and with 27 percent of United
States citizens overall. n164 Of Native Hawaiians eligible to live on the trust
land, 95 percent need housing, n165 one-third spend more than 30 percent of
their income for shelter alone, and half fall below 30 percent of the median
family income. n166 The findings of fact for Title VIII conclude that Native
Hawaiian housing needs are "extraordinarily severe." n167

   Title VIII duplicates NAHASDA's n168 block grants and guarantees but has
substantial differences. n169 Instead of a tribally designated housing entity or
the tribe itself, the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands (HHL-Dept.), a state-run
agency established under the Hawaiian  [*463]  Homes Commission Act of 1920,
n170 develops and submits the housing plan. n171 HUD then sends the block grant
to the HHL-Dept., n172 which administers the plan for Native Hawaiian families
eligible to live on the Hawaiian trust lands. n173 The Secretary first performs
a compliance review of the grant application, n174 which must have a one-year
plan, a five-year plan, n175 and certificates of compliance for the same issues
under Title I. n176 Title VIII includes the controversial Davis-Bacon wage
requirement n177 and environmental review, n178 but does not require
tax-exemption to receive funds. n179 Like NAHASDA, Title VIII requires the
HHL-Dept. to bring in outside capital through partnerships with the private
sector. n180 Finally, instead of replicating Title VI, Title VIII extends to
Native Hawaiians the Section 184 program, which guaranteed loans for low-income
families before NAHASDA. n181

   The omission of Native Hawaiian sovereignty from Title VIII is a serious
concern because NAHASDA took pains to incorporate Native  [*464]  American
sovereignty. n182 Another concern is that no date is set for the Secretary to
promulgate regulations for Title VIII, which allows for a long delay as seen
with Title VI loan guarantees. n183 The significant limits to section 184A
guarantees for Native Hawaiians are also a major concern because they deprive
Native Hawaiians of the same ability to finance large-scale developments needed
to clear their waiting lists. n184

[*465]

   VII. Conclusion

 Some would agree that NAHASDA was the most important and beneficial housing
legislation ever for Native Americans. n185 NAHASDA revolutionized federal
housing assistance for Native Americans by separating them from city-based
public housing, making a place for them at the negotiated rulemaking committee
where the implementation rules were established, and enabling them to craft
their own communities. n186 NAHASDA simplified the process for federal housing
money and reduced friction with housing authorities seen in earlier programs,
thus successfully harmonizing Native Americans' relationship with the federal
government. n187 In its first year, it tripled housing production. n188

   Nevertheless, NAHASDA needs almost twice its current funding and it will take
a decade just to house present homeless families not counting growing demand.
n189 In addition, Title VIII is unfinished because it needs authorization of $
30 million, without which it will not be ready to implement in fiscal year 2002.
n190 Though NAHASDA was supposed to make program administration simpler for HUD,
it actually strained HUD's ability to assist tribes. n191 Before NAHASDA, tribes
competed with each other for housing program awards, but after NAHASDA they
competed for housing funds that were inadequate to meet their needs and for
scarce HUD personnel resources. n192 NAHASDA sent Native Americans a mixed
message, for it was a sign of shrinking federal funds and HUD personnel
resources in its calls to tribal self-sufficiency and simplification by
consolidation. n193

   Furthermore, the subsequent technical amendments to NAHASDA were symbolic
gestures that left the federal trust duties unfulfilled.  [*466]  Congress did
not ameliorate the Davis-Bacon, environmental survey, and tax-exemption
requirements burdening tribes. n194 In fact, the technical amendments
substantially duplicated provisions already in the Act and the Code of Federal
Regulations. n195 Though the trust duty applies to small tribes as well,
Congress narrowed or eliminated some provisions for them. n196 Congress did not
follow its obligations as trustee of Native American peoples to act fairly in
their benefit.

   Title VIII is the most substantial amendment to NAHASDA, but it too lacked
attention to the federal fiduciary responsibilities. Title VIII recites the need
to recognize Native Hawaiian sovereignty but fails to require their input at any
point in the process. n197 Instead, a state agency makes decisions and
suggestions for them and even plans their own communities for them. n198

   Lastly but most importantly, NAHASDA did not address economic distress on
reservations, title search delays, the lack of homebuyer counseling, lenders'
fear of foreclosure proceedings, remoteness, and racial discrimination, all of
which traditionally plagued private assistance. n199 As of publication, HUD
guaranteed only five loans under Title VI totaling $ 10 million, which is about
a seventieth of just one fiscal year of block grant funding. n200 Clearly Title
VI was not the  [*467]  "jewel" that would thrust NAHASDA above prior housing
assistance programs. n201 Ultimately, NAHASDA was a revolution that left
untouched the status quo of Native American housing.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawAgency RulemakingNegotiated RulemakingGovernmentsPublic
ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public
BuildingsLow Income Housing

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Among the Navajo, for example, having a home is essential because it is
where life begins and learning takes place. Navajo Leader Cites Infrastucture
Needs, ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL, May 16, 1996, at C1. One commentator delivers an
encomium on home:



   Home. The Hearth. Our homes provide the safe place where we share our lives,
our struggles, our triumphs, our learning, our laughter and our tears. At our
hearth we celebrate and acknowledge the joyous and tragic places we encounter
upon our paths of life. The image of family and loved ones gathered for a meal,
illuminated by a crackling fire, accompanied by the laughter and banter of the
old and young, warms us, even on a windy winter night on the plains, far away
from Florida.

   Similar visions comfort the hearts of peoples of every culture. There is no
place like home. Ideally, our home provides nurturing, shelter, spiritual
grounding, and physical and emotional security. Just as nature's beauty blooms
in many forms, people build homes in a myriad of styles, reflecting their
individual lives, environment, and, above all, their traditions.

 Susan J. Ferrell, Indian Housing: The Fourth Decade, 7 ST. THOMAS L. REV. 445,
445 (1995).





n2.  Because the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act
of 1996 (NAHASDA) uses the term "Native American" in its title and provisions
and treats Native Alaskans identically to the tribes of the contiguous states,
the author uses the words "Native American" inclusive of Native Alaskans. "
Native American" does not include Native Hawaiians, who are later addressed in
relation to Title VIII of NAHASDA. See infra part VI.B.





n3.  See infra part I.





n4.  138 CONG. REC. S3,425-26 (Mar. 12, 1992) (statement of Sen. McCain).
According to Senator McCain:



   Recent studies indicate that 28 percent of all American Indian and Alaska
Native families live in substandard, overcrowded housing that lacks the basic
amenities of indoor plumbing, electricity, or heating. By way of comparison,
less than 5 1/2 percent of all Americans live in similar conditions.
Additionally, more than 90,000 Native American families are estimated to be
underhoused or homeless. The severe housing problems facing Indian people are
compounded by poverty and unemployment levels in Native American communities
that are of epidemic proportions. The number of Indian families with incomes
below the poverty line is nearly three times the average rate for families
throughout the rest of the Nation. The average income of Native Americans is
less than $ 4,500 per person per year.

 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996) (Sen. McCain).





n5.  See infra part II.





n6.  Pub. L. No. 104-330, 110 Stat. 4016, 25 U.S.C. 4101-4195.





n7.  For the first time, Congress recognized that its trust obligations to
Native Americans required providing decent homes. See infra part IV. Congress
believed that providing Native Americans with affordable, safe homes in healthy
environments was a crucial aspect of the special trust duty to help improve
their socioeconomic status. NAHASDA 2(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(5). Indeed,
affordable housing advances Congress' goal to promote self-determination and
self-sufficiency in Native American communities. 142 CONG. REC. E503 (Mar. 29,
1996) (statement of Rep. Johnson).





n8.  NAHASDA broke away from the old policies under which Native Americans
suffered some of the country's worst housing conditions. 142 CONG. REC. H11,613
(Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio). The need to change the status quo in
housing policies was overwhelming. 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996)
(statement of Sen. McCain). This is reflected in NAHASDA's findings of fact,
which state, "the need for affordable homes in safe and healthy environments on
Indian reservations, in Indian communities, and in Native Alaskan villages is
acute." NAHASDA 2(6), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(6).





n9.  NAHASDA was a "revolutionary measure," because it separated urban public
housing from Native American housing, which is predominantly rural. 142 CONG.
REC. H11,615 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Bereuter).





n10.  See Denise Chee, Unique Aspects of Housing Development on Tribal Lands, 10
EXPERIENCE 7, 39 (2000).





n11. " We need local responsibility and flexibility that lets tribes decide how
to spend money rather than asking a bureaucrat in Washington to solve problems
for them...We also must recognize that the Federal government cannot be a
paternalistic overseer." 142 CONG. REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of
Rep. Lazio).





n12.  See 142 CONG. REC. H11,614 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio)
("The new loan guaranty program that this bill provides to tribes...means there
will be more involvement with private sector financial entities who are so
crucial to long-term development in Indian country.").





n13.  See supra note 8.





n14.  See infra part V.





n15.  See infra part VI.





n16.  Hearings on F2000 Indian Programs Budget Before the Senate Comm. on Indian
Affairs, 106th Cong. (1999), available in 1999 WL 8086307 (statement of
Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National American Indian Housing
Council) (hereinafter Hearing 8086307).





n17.  138 CONG. REC. S3,425 (Mar. 12, 1992). Unemployment and poverty levels on
reservations are incomprehensible to most Americans, even to those who lived
through the Great Depression and suffered 25 to 30 percent unemployment during
its heights. Id. at S3,426. In comparison, average unemployment in Indian
country in 1989 was 52 percent and reaches 80 to 90 percent on the poorer
reservations. Id. at S3,425-26. Poverty impacts Native American communities at
many levels:



   A lack of jobs and economic opportunity on reservations is a major
contributor to the high levels of alcoholism, high suicide rates, sense of
helplessness, and other deep social problems that afflict all too many tribes.
The conditions on Indian reservations often more closely resemble a Third World
underdeveloped nation than the mainstream economy in the society of the United
States.

 Id. In the most recent study, the jobless rate on the 30 reservations of 3,000
or more Native Americans was 46 percent. General Accounting Office, Pub. No.
GAO/RCED-98-49, Native American Housing - Homeownership Opportunities On Trust
Lands Are Limited (hereinafter GAO-98-49). For rural Native Americans, the
poverty rate is 37 percent, which is the highest of any racial group and three
times the rate for rural whites. Chris de Reza, Native Americans to Bush: Show
Us the Money, REAL ESTATE FINANCE TODAY, Jan. 15, 2001, at 9, available in 2001
WL 8192467. According to the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), in 1990 only 25
percent of employed Native Americans living in Indian country had an annual
income of $ 7,000 or more, but 75 percent of Americans overall did. GAO-98-49,
supra. Indeed, having "8% unemployment would be a godsend for many tribes." 138
CONG. REC. S3,426 (Mar. 12, 1992) (statement of Sen. McCain).





n18.  Thomas J. Sugrue, Expert Report: Reports Submitted on Behalf of the
University of Michigan: The Compelling Need for Diversity in Higher Education, 5
MICH. J. RACE & L. 261, 300 (1999). Fewer than one in eight tribes have mineral
and energy reserves which can be developed. Robert A. Williams, Jr., Small Steps
on the Long Road to Self-Sufficiency for Indian Nations: The Indian Tribal
Governmental Tax Status Act of 1982, 22 HARV. J. on LEGIS. 335, 338 (1985). The
basic principle of welfare reform, that some people choose not to work, is
inapplicable to reservations because jobs do not exist. Indian Programs Budget
Before the Senate Comm. on Indian Affairs, 106th Cong. (2000), available in 2000
WL 11068395 (statement of Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National
American Indian Housing Council) (hereinafter Hearing 11068395). One author
commented that white Americans perceive harmony with mother nature through the
windows of their comfortable office or from high tech kayaks as they paddle the
Colorado, but Native Americans struggle to feed their children in cultures of
poverty, desperation, and alcohol. James L. Huffman, An Exploratory Essay on
Native Americans and Environmentalism, 63 U. COLO. L. REV. 901, 903 (1992).





n19.  Michael J. Kurman, Indian Investment and Employment Tax Incentives:
Building a New Highway to Indian Country for Private Sector Businesses and Jobs,
41 FED. B. NEWS & J. 578, 583 (1994) (quoting Administration's Tax Proposals:
Hearings on Foreign Tax, Possessions Tax Credit, Investment Tax Credit, Business
Meals and Entertainment, and Other Tax Matters Before the Senate Comm. on
Finance, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 412 (1993)).





n20.  Vicki J. Limas, Application of Federal Labor and Employment Statutes to
Native American Tribes: Respecting Sovereignty and Achieving Consistency, 26
ARIZ. ST. L.J. 681, 694 (1994).





n21.  U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, OFFICE OF POLICY
DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH, ASSESSMENT OF AMERICAN INDIAN HOUSING NEEDS AND
PROGRAMS: FINAL REPORT 51 (1996) (hereinafter HUD Assessment). "Everybody thinks
that tribes are getting rich from gaming and very few of them are." David Pace,
Casinos Failing Most Indians, THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC, Sept. 1, 2000, at A1,
available in 2000 WL 8062068. Only 91 tribes operate a high-stakes gaming
facility. Stephanie Dean, Getting a Piece of the Action: Should the Federal
Government be able to Tax Native American Gambling Revenue?, 32 COLUM. J.L. &
SOC. PROBS. 157, 179 (1999). Merely having a casino is no guaranty of wealth,
for only eight casinos generated 40 percent of Indian gaming revenues. Id. at
180 n.203 (1999). Reservations tend to be too distant from population centers
for casinos to profit. HUD Assessment, supra at 51.

   Even if a tribal casino is successful, members are not necessarily employed
nor share the revenues. The San Carlos Apache Tribe has a casino and resort, but
unemployment on the reservation rose from 42 percent in 1991 to 58 percent in
1997, and the number of tribal members on welfare rose 20 percent. Pace, supra.
Tribal members complain that they receive no help from the casino and resort.
Id. Non-Indians hold about three-quarters of the jobs at the casinos. Id. Native
American casinos employ an estimated 15,900 total individuals, which is 8
percent of the Native American population, but that figure includes non-Indians.
HUD Assessment, supra at 51-52.

   Gaming changed Native American wealth little overall and did not remedy
poverty. Id. at 51. The Pequot tribe, touted for their Connecticut Foxwoods
casino and resort, are an example of enormous success, earning $ 800 million in
1994. Dean, supra at 179. Every member of the Pequot is guaranteed a house, a
yearly salary between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000, and an education from preschool
through a doctoral degree. Id. The Pequot alone account for 30 percent of all
Indian gaming revenues. HUD Assessment, supra at 51. Nevertheless, the number of
Native Americans on welfare still grows and even tribes with casinos experienced
a slight rise in unemployment since 1991. Pace, supra.





n22.  President Clinton met Geraldine Blue Bird at the Oglala Sioux Pine Ridge
reservation, whose neighborhood was littered with abandoned cars. Kevin Galvin,
Clinton Decries Reservation Poverty, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, July 7, 1999,
available in 1999 WL 17821614. Eleven of her relatives lived inside her house,
and seventeen slept in the trailer. Id. Next, President Clinton saw the "Igloo
neighborhood" made of styrofoam rubbish shacks. Id. Igloo housing is typical of
the vast Pine Ridge reservation. Id. Bitter South Dakota winters wreck extreme
hardship on those in igloo homes. Id.





n23.  BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, STATISTICAL BRIEF, HOUSING OF AMERICAN INDIANS ON
RESERVATIONS - PLUMBING (1995) ("Visiting a reservation today is like going back
in time.") (hereinafter Census Plumbing Report).





n24.  Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. "Complete plumbing facilities"
include "hot and cold piped water, a flush toilet, and a bathtub or shower," and
"Native American homes" are "all units where the householder has identified
himself or herself as American Indian, Eskimo, or Aleut." Id. By comparison,
under 1 percent of households nationwide today lack complete plumbing
facilities. Id. Lacking complete plumbing facilities is "almost unknown
nationally." Id. Even outside the metropolitan areas the rate is below 2
percent. Id. Nevertheless, the figures are averages that do not reveal the
disparities between tribes, some of whom live very poorly. Id. ("No one had it
as tough as Navajo owners. Remarkably, about 6 in every 10 did not have complete
plumbing!") (emphasis in original).





n25.  BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, STATISTICAL BRIEF, HOUSING OF AMERICAN INDIANS ON
RESERVATIONS - EQUIPMENT AND FUELS (1995). "Complete kitchen facilities" include
"a sink with piped water, a range or cookstove, and a refrigerator." Id. Only 1
percent of kitchen facilities nationally were incomplete. Id. The average does
not show, however, that 44 percent of Navajos lacked complete kitchens. Id. In
addition, "phoneless households were the rule" on reservations. Id. Of
households nationally, 5 percent lack telephones. Id. The Gila River, Navajo,
and San Carlos Reservations shared the worst rates with over 75 percent of homes
phoneless. Id.





n26.  Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. On reservations, 40 percent of
Native Americans live in overcrowded homes compared with 6 percent of Americans
overall. GAO-98-49, supra note 17. "Crowded" is more than one person per room;
i.e., more people than rooms. Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. In
comparison, the figure for U.S. households is only one-tenth of one percent. Id.
Again, the figure is an average, hiding that 30 percent of Navajo households
face the worst case scenario. Id.





n27.  Mark Fogarty, Housing Loan Program for Native Americans Begins Operation,
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Sept. 5, 2000, available in 2000 WL 26268647. Some live in
single-unit homes crowded by three or more families; others live in cars and
tents. Candy Hamilton, Indians to Tackle Housing Crisis on Their Own, THE
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR, Aug. 8, 1997, available in 1997 WL 2803078.





n28.  Seminole Nation v. United States, 316 U.S. 286, 296-97 (1942) (footnote
omitted). The Court held that the trust obligations require "the most exacting
fiduciary standards" of the federal government. Id. at 297.





n29.  United States v. Mitchell, 463 U.S. 206, 225 (1983). The existence of the
federal government's trust relationship with Native Americans is "undisputed."
Id. The elements of a trust are present: a trustee (the federal government), a
beneficiary (Native Americans), and a trust corpus (lands and funds). Id. This
relationship is long-established and arises from treaties promising Native
Americans protection as consideration for land concessions. TASK FORCE SEVEN,
AM. INDIAN POLICY REVIEW COMM'N, 95th CONG., 1st Sess., REPORT ON RESERVATION
AND RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTECTION 1 (1976), quoted in Williams, supra note
18, at 337 n.4. Today there are almost 52.5 million acres of reservation land in
the United States, Chee, supra note 10, at 7, about 45 million of which is
tribal trust land, with the remainder in individual trust. GAO-98-49, supra note
17. Approximately 1.2 million of the estimated two million Native Americans in
the United States live on trust land, which is held either for a tribe or an
individual Native American. GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n30.  Chee, supra note 10, at 38. In general, trust land cannot be alienated,
leased, or encumbered unless the tribe obtains permission from the Secretary of
the Interior. John McGee Ingram, Home Ownership Opportunities in Indian Country,
7 J. AFFORDABLE HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV. L. 164, 168 (1998). Encumbrances
include any lien, claim, liability, or charge "attached to and binding real
property." GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n31.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Tribes are protected against suit unless they
waive their sovereign immunity, Kiowa Tribe of Oklahoma v. Manufacturing
Technologies, Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 754 (1998), which must be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior, 25 U.S.C. 81(d), and clearly allowed by tribal law.
Ingram, supra note 30, at 170. The BIA must perform a consumer protection
analysis of a loan to determine whether it is "in the best interest of the
borrower" by looking for excessive interest rates and over-collateralization.
Id. at 169.

   Though land may be leased with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
the leasehold is limited to 25 years. Id. at 168-69. This also played a major
role in discouraging private lenders from financing leaseholds because they
generally want leases longer than the mortgage so that there is substantial
marketing potential in case of default. Id. at 169 & n.26. In addition, lenders
are unwilling to finance activities on trust land because federal law requires
lenders to foreclose in tribal courts under tribal law and jurisdiction.
GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Since lenders are unfamiliar with tribal courts, they
fear that these courts will rule in the tribal member's favor. Id.





n32.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Due to the complex history of Native American
lands, title searches for determining the trust status of land are arduous
because treaties, proclamations of the Secretary of the Interior, title records
held by the BIA, statutes, Executive Orders, and county and tribal office
records may bear on the title. Ingram, supra note 30, at 168. The BIA is reputed
for significant delays in processing mortgage and loan applications. Id. at 169.





n33.  Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 17 (1831); Ingram, supra note 30,
at 168. On one hand, tribes have long been separate governing entities that can
enact and enforce legislation. Mark K. Ulmer, The Legal Origin and Nature of
Indian Housing Authorities and the HUD Indian Housing Programs, 13 AM. INDIAN L.
REV. 109, 117 (1988). On the other hand, tribal sovereignty is limited by
treaties, Congress' power to nullify treaty rights unilaterally, statutes, and
tribes' dependent status under the trust relationship. Id. at 117-18 & n.43
(citing United States v. Wheeler, 435 U.S. 313, 323 (1978)).





n34.  WILLIAM C. CANBY, Jr., AMERICAN INDIAN LAW 19 (3d ed. 1998). Each
reservation had an agent supervising their adaptation to non-Indian,
often-Christian ways. Id. The reservation system arose from persuaded or coerced
treaties with tribes. Id. at 18. Non-Indians demanded more land as their
population grew, so they pushed tribes west of the Mississippi. Id. at 13, 18.
Inevitably non-Indians moved to the West demanding more land, so the federal
government restricted tribes to reservations. Id. at 18. In some treaties, the
tribe yielded most of its land to the government, leaving a small portion for
itself; in others, the tribe was resettled on a distant reservation. Id. In
1871, Congress banned recognition of tribes as nations with which the President
could make treaties. Id. Though the constitutionality of limiting the
Presidents' power is questionable, the statute notified Presidents that Congress
would not ratify such treaties. Id. Thereafter, statutes or executive orders
created reservations. Id.

   Alaska Natives do not share the history of the Native Americans in the
contiguous states, because the United States purchased Alaska from Russia in
1867. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 23. Until the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act of 1972 ("ANCSA"), Alaska Natives' sovereignty and territory were
largely unaddressed. Id. ANCSA established tribal corporations in which Native
Alaskans received corporate stock for enrollment and owned the land as
shareholders. Id. Corporate bylaws protect tribal land against alienation. Id.
In 1993, the Department of the Interior acknowledged that Alaskan tribes are
like those of the contiguous states. Id.





n35.  Chee, supra note 10, at 7.





n36.  Native Americans criticize the BIA for negligent calculation of market
rates, lack of expertise in local markets, and lack of skill and competence in
negotiating fees in abrogation of the trust duties. Ronald E. Johnny, Can Indian
Tribes Afford to Let the Bureau of Indian Affairs Continue to Negotiate Permits
& Leases of Their Resources?, 16 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 203, 203-04 (1991). Great
focus is on the BIA's billion-dollar mismanagement of Native Americans' oil,
gas, and timber reserves. Id. at 203 & n.2 (quoting Federal Trust Responsibility
at Issue in Oil and Gas Cases, NARF LEGAL REV., Summer 1988, at 1). Native
Americans hold over 40 million acres of grazing land, id. at 203, but often the
BIA negotiates leases "for pennies on the dollar," depriving Native Americans of
significant income. Greg Overstreet, Re-Empowering the Native American: A
Conservative Proposal to Restore Tribal Sovereignty and Self-Reliance to Federal
Indian Policy, 14 HAMLINE J. PUB. L. & POL'Y 1, 24 (1993). For example, the BIA
priced the Fort McDermott tribal council's land at $ 1.60 per AUM (animal unit
per month), but its market value was $ 11.00. Johnny, supra at 206 n.13, 207.
Similarly, in 1987, in Orovada, Nevada, a rancher leased land worth $ 11.00 per
AUM from the U.S. Bureau of Land Management ("BLM") for $ 1.35. Id. at 207 n.16.
Ronald Johnny, the chairman of his tribe, described the records of grazing
permits for his tribe's land as "a dismal, negligent record of management of
tribal resources. Apparently in many instances local BIA personnel merely
telephoned the BLM and asked what it was charging in the same region." Id. at
206.

   The BIA has also mishandled billions of dollars from Native Americans' land
held in trust accounts. Matt Kelley, Court to Hear Indian Accounts Case, THE
ASSOCIATED PRESS, Sept. 4, 2000, available in 2000 WL 25993779. So far, the
federal government admitted to mishandling $ 500 million. Id. The government
collected proceeds from grazing, logging, mining, oil drilling, and other uses
of the land to be held in trust for individual Native Americans. Id. The
government admitted to mismanaging the accounts: records were never kept,
documentation was lost or destroyed, some money was stolen, some was used in
other federal programs, some was never collected, and thousands of accounts do
not have names. Id. The plaintiffs allege that over $ 10 billion dollars was
mismanaged. Id. In February 1999, former Secretary of the Interior Bruce
Babbitt, former Assistant Interior Secretary Kevin Gover, and former Treasury
Secretary Robert Rubin were cited with contempt for destroying records and
improperly withholding records in flagrant disregard of a court order. Id.;
Cobell v. Babbitt, 37 F. Supp. 2d 6, 9, 28 (D.D.C. 1999).





n37.  In 1933, for example, Congress annexed the Aneth Extension to the Navajo
reservation to quell tensions. Richard J. Ansson, Jr., Protecting Profits
Derived From Tribal Resources: Why the State Of Utah Should Not Have The Power
to Tax Non-Indian Oil and Gas Lessees On the Navajo Nation's Aneth Extension:
Texaco, Exxon, and Union Oil v. San Juan County School District - A Case Study,
21 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 329, 344 (1997). Congress provided that if oil or gas were
found on the extension, Utah would receive 37.5 percent of the royalties to
educate Navajo children and build roads on the reservation. Id. Utah received $
61 million of royalties, but an audit discovered only $ 9.5 million went to the
Navajos, leaving $ 51.5 million that the state admitted to squandering. Id. at
345. The funds were used for non-Indian projects like airports, roads, schools,
and even a museum. Id. at 345 n.165. As a result of losing the money, housing
and social conditions are appalling on the reservation. Id. at 344. Most
reservation dwellers live in "ragtag" government tract housing or earthen hogan
dwellings, 60 percent lack running water or electricity, and 95 percent have
trouble reading and writing. Id.





n38.  Williams, supra note 18, at 354-56.





n39.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 450-51. Allotment and termination played special
roles in dispossessing tribes from their lands. The General Allotment Act of
1887, 25 U.S.C. 331-34, 336, 339, 341-42, 348-49, 381 (also called the Dawes Act
or the Indian General Allotment Act), divided reservation land held by tribes
among individual members to be held in a 25-year trust, which then turned into a
fee simple if they were found "competent and capable of managing" their affairs.
Williams, supra note 18, at 345 (citing 25 U.S.C. 331, 348, 349). Each allotment
was 80 acres for agriculture or 160 for grazing. Id. Congress later amended the
act to extend the trust status indefinitely. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at
20 n.13. Under allotment, the so-called surplus land that had not been allotted
reverted to the federal government, so Native American lands evaporated
drastically. Williams, supra note 18, at 345. In addition, most of the
allotments that matured into fee simple had been sold to non-Indians and are no
longer in Native American possession. Canby, supra note 34, at 360.

   During the McCarthy era in the early 1950s, Congress felt that tribal living
exhibited "communistic traits," Williams, supra note 18, at 354, and began the
"Termination Era" when the federal government transferred the trust duties to
states, Ferrell, supra note 1, at 452, terminated the trust relationship, and
relocated Native Americans from reservations to urban centers, HUD Assessment,
supra note 21, at 22. Between 1954 and 1962, Congress terminated 61 tribes. Id.
Relocation consisted of grants to seek employment in cities. Canby, supra note
34, at 26. Other ideological and business factors culminated in termination as
well; e.g., a dislike for Indian culture and communal institutions, the view of
the Indian Reorganization Act as turning reservations into museums, and business
interests which lost the use of Native American land and resources under
reservation development programs. COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW 2.E.1
(1982). Congress believed that denial of federal assistance would encourage
Native Americans to participate in democracy. Williams, supra note 18, at 353-54
& n.82 (quoting H.R. CONG. RES. 108, 67 Stat. B132 (1953)). Despite this hope,
the states that acted in the federal government's stead often neglected to
recognize tribal sovereignty or provide housing to the Native Americans in their
jurisdiction. Ferrell, supra note 1, at 452. Many states felt no responsibility
toward their new Native American subjects. Id. States also resented tribes as a
monetary drain. Canby, supra note 34, at 28. Relocation also failed because even
though some Native Americans prospered, most joined the urban poor with the
additional trauma of dislocation. Id. at 26-27. Tribes viewed the termination
policy as inherently genocidal. Williams, supra note 18, at 354. The cultural
and social disintegration was so apparent that Congress ended the policy in the
early 1960s. Id.





n40.  Williams, supra note 18, at 344.





n41.  Canby, supra note 34, at 20.





n42.  Williams, supra note 18, at 345. In 1887, Native Americans held a total of
138 million acres, but in 1934 only 48 million, 20 million of which were desert
or semi-desert. Canby, supra note 34, at 22.





n43.  See supra note 41 (describing the allotment policy). Sales of surplus land
and alienation of fee simple allotments to non-Indians left a checkerboard
pattern of non-Indian ownership where whole reservations once were. Williams,
supra note 18, at 345. Allotments still in trust also complicated title
searches, for they could be inherited. Babbitt v. Youpee, 519 U.S. 234, 237
(1997). When the allottee passed away, his or her land descended under state
law, and after 1910, allottees could devise their lands. Id. If there were
multiple heirs, they could hold beneficial title to the same parcel
simultaneously, and over time the number of title-holders proliferated,
sometimes into dozens. Id. at 237-38. By 1967, the National Congress of American
Indians reported that 48 percent of allotments in 12 studied reservations had
six or more owners; 29 percent had over ten; and 14 percent had over 20.
Williams, supra note 18, at 346 n.47. In 1983, Congress passed the Indian Land
Consolidation Act to remedy fractionation by having land interests escheat to
the tribe, Youpee, 519 U.S. at 238-39, but the Supreme Court struck down the
escheat provision as a violation of the Takings Clause of the United States
Constitution. Id. at 243-44 (citing U.S. CONST. amend. V). The consent of all
owners of "fractionated land" is required to lease, transfer, mortgage, or
otherwise encumber it. Ingram, supra note 30, at 168 n.19.





n44.  Congress passed the Indian Housing Act in 1988 for a separate Indian
housing program with its own specific regulations, but it was not until NAHASDA
that Native American housing was completely separated from public housing.
Hearings on Challenges Facing HUD's Indian Housing Program Before the Comm. on
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs, 105th Cong. (1997),
available in 1997 WL 8219856 (statement of Judy A. England-Joseph, Director,
Housing and Community Development Issues, Resources, Community, and Economic
Development Division) (hereinafter Hearing 8219856).

   Before NAHASDA consolidated most of them, there were fourteen low-income
housing programs under which Native Americans could acquire funding. General
Accounting Office, Pub. No. GAO/RCED-99-16, Native American Housing -
Information on HUD's Funding of Indian Housing Programs (hereinafter GAO-99-16).
Five were non-competitive and distributed funds on a first-come-first-served
basis; nine were competitive, requiring Indian housing authorities to submit
housing proposals that HUD ranked and awarded by the highest score. Id. While
NAHASDA is non-competitive, it did not replace Section 184 Home Loan Guarantees,
Economic Development and Supportive Services, the Indian Community Development
Block Grant, the Drug Elimination Technical Assistance Grant, or the Drug
Elimination Grant. Id.





n45.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 110 (citing 42 U.S.C. 1404a-1440). Congress'
housing policy was to provide "decent homes and a suitable living environment
for every American family." Id. at 110 n.3 (citing 42 U.S.C. 1441).
Nevertheless, the 1937 Housing Act did not help Native Americans until a quarter
century later when the Public Housing Administration, which was the predecessor
of HUD, Hearings on Challenges Facing HUD's Indian Housing Program Before the
Comm. on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs, 105th Cong.
(1997) available in 1997 WL 8219955 (statement of W. Ron Allen, President,
National Congress of American Indians) (hereinafter Hearing 8219955), determined
that tribes could legally establish their own housing authorities to develop and
operate low-rent projects, Ulmer, supra note 33, at 110-11.





n46.  Under the 1937 Housing Act, tribes had to establish Indian housing
authorities (IHAs), which were legal entities separate from the tribe, to which
HUD could route funds. Chee, supra note 10, at 38-39. To receive funds, the
tribe had to lease its own land to its IHA, a tortuous arrangement fortunately
eliminated by NAHASDA. Id. at 39. Unsurprisingly, strife arose between tribes
and their IHAs, leading to dangerous and dilapidated housing that vexes tribes
today. Id. To lease its land to its IHA, tribes had to use HUD standard leases,
which gave tribes no choice except 50-year terms. Id. The BIA often failed to
understand this arrangement, so IHAs had to call in HUD representatives to
explain it to them (as well as to the tribe), for they would not receive housing
funds otherwise. Id. This created friction between tribes and their IHAs, so
tribes gave their IHA land in flood zones or land which was comprised of poor
soil or located in otherwise undesirable regions. Id. Today tribes are burdened
with houses falling apart from being built on poor soil. Id. The land that
tribes gave their IHAs was so bad that removal of overhanging boulders is an
issue for some. Id. Further, neither the 1937 Housing Act nor its regulations
required land use planning, so housing was built without infrastructure: "It is
commonplace to see subdivisions on many New Mexico reservations without nearby
stores, gas stations, and laundromats. The lack of zoning codes resulted in the
development of housing near nonresidential buildings, resulting in
haphazard-looking communities." Id. NAHASDA, however, requires land use planning
and funds the tribe directly, not its IHA. Id. The Seattle Times won a Pulitzer
prize for uncovering numerous examples of HUD's failure to monitor Indian
housing authorities, who constructed lavish homes for themselves while
neglecting homeless Native Americans on waiting lists. Chuck Taylor, Times Wins
Two Pulitzer Prizes, THE SEATTLE TIMES, Apr. 7, 1997, at A1 available in 1997 WL
3227507. The 1937 Housing Act provided tribes the majority of their funding for
development, operating, and modernization until fiscal year 1998 when NAHASDA
went into effect. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n47.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. Under this program, the occupant's monthly
contribution went into an operation and maintenance account which would pay off
the price of the unit if not fully used, so that the occupant could eventually
obtain ownership. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 101. The 1937 Housing Act
only assisted rentals. Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. HUD viewed the pride of
homeownership as an incentive for Native Americans to reduce costs through
building and maintaining their own homes. Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111; HUD
Assessment, supra note 21, at 101.





n48.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 112.





n49.  Chee, supra note 10, at 39.





n50.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. The program was renamed Comprehensive
Improvement Assistance Program in 1980. Id. at 112. In the same vein, the BIA
developed the Housing Improvement Program in 1965 to provide grants to Native
American families with extremely low income or no income to perform repairs,
rehabilitate homes, make down payments, and afford new housing construction. Id.
at 113.





n51.  HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at xxv. The Indian Community Development
Block Grant (ICDBG) funded Native American community and economic development
through community facilities, infrastructure, and housing. Id. HOME block grants
began in 1990 and supported only local housing initiatives through down
payments, housing development, and rehabilitation. Id. Though completely
separate from public housing, Hearing 8219856, supra note 44, NAHASDA's block
grants are modeled after the ICDBG program and HOME programs, Robert S. Kenison,
Implementing NAHASDA: Brave New Word?, 8 J. AFFORDABLE HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV.
L. 253, 254 (1999).





n52.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 171-73. For example, HUD created the Section 248
Program in 1985 for mortgage insurance, but it had limitations that made it
unpopular and unworkable. Id. at 171. The program applied to leaseholds on trust
land, communally held land, land assignments (land which the tribe licensed to
individual members), and Alaska Native land, but not fee simple lands or
allotments. Id. Moreover, tribes disliked the Section 248 Program because they
were not consulted in its creation and application, it was not effectively
marketed to them or lenders, foreclosure was not in tribal courts, foreclosed
land went to non-Indians, and there was no provision for mortgage construction,
which became sorely needed. Id.

   In response came the Section 184 Program of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992, which guaranteed loans. Id. at 172. Unlike the Section
248 Program, the guarantee applied to loans for individual allotments, tribal
trust land, and fee simple land. Id. at 173 n.56. Section 184 loans could be
used for acquisition, rehabilitation, or construction. Dustin Shepherd, The
Native American Housing Market, THE JOURNAL OF LENDING & CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT,
Oct. 1, 1997, at 36, available in 1997 WL 9928238. HUD released a guidebook for
the program to assist the lending process: borrower eligibility, foreclosure
procedures, HUD's commitment to the program, and so on. Ingram, supra note 30,
at 173. In tandem with the handbook, HUD marketed the program to lenders and
tribes, achieving greater acceptance than the Section 248 Program did. Id.
Finally, tribes liked the Section 184 Program because it allowed them to act as
developers, who rented property to members of the tribe. Id.

   In guaranteeing a wider set of loans and allowing lenders to foreclose, the
Section 184 Program was designed to increase the participation of private
lending institutions, but few loans were ever made under the Section 184
Program. Id. at 172-73. By April, 2000, HUD reported 615 loans made under
Section 184, amounting to $ 61 million. Mark Fogarty, American Indian Housing
Fund Increase "Not Enough," Advocates Say, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, April 17, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 19316638 (hereinafter Fogarty 19316638). According to the
1997 data from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Native Americans were the only
minority group to register a decline in mortgage lending, by 1 percent in 1997.
Mark Fogarty, More Money for Indian Housing, NATIONAL MORTGAGE NEWS, Oct. 19,
1998, at 71, available in 1998 WL 18767347 (hereinafter Fogarty 18767347).
NAHASDA did not consolidate the Section 184 Program along with other funds
available for Native American housing into its block grant program, so it still
exists. Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52.

   In addition to HUD programs, the Rural Housing Service of the Department of
Agriculture extended section 502 of the Guaranteed Loan Program to Native
Americans as a pilot program with the Federal National Mortgage Association
("Fannie Mae"). Ingram, supra note 30, at 174; GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Fannie
Mae also committed $ 1 trillion in "affordable and decent housing for low-and
moderate-income" families, part of which is for a Native American lending
initiatives program. Id. Fannie Mae also approved loans under HUD's guarantee
and insurance programs. Id. Finally, the Department of Veterans Affairs has a
direct lending mortgage program for Native American veterans to buy, build, or
rehabilitate homes on trust land. Ingram, supra note 30, at 174.





n53.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17 (the two tribes being the Tulalips in Marysville,
Washington, and the Oneidas of Wisconsin). Only eight lenders made the
ninety-one loans. Id. In comparison, lenders nationwide provided $ 785 billion
of single-family mortgages in 1996 alone. Id. The private loans made to Native
Americans were the product of special programs, homeownership counseling
services, and pre-existing relationships with tribes. Id. An additional
twenty-two loans were made for manufactured homes, which are primarily financed
with personal property as collateral. Id. Non-conventional loans were also
scarce. Christy Wise, Overcoming Reservations, MORTGAGE BANKING, April 1, 1999,
Vol. 59, Issue 7, available in 1999 WL 12029401. The Department of Justice filed
claims against several lenders for discriminatory lending under the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988. Ingram, supra note
30, at 167 n.15 (1998) (citing United States v. Blackpipe State Bank, No.
93-5115 (D.S.D. 1993) and United States v. First National Bank of Gordon, No.
96-5035 (D.S.D. 1997)). A federal court enjoined the discrimination, demanded
damages, and, in one case, established a lending education program for Native
Americans. Id.





n54.  Ellen P. Aprill, Tribal Bonds: Indian Sovereignty and the Tax Legislative
Process, 46 ADMIN. L. REV. 333, 334-35 (1994). Congress' actions under the trust
relationship are not invidious racial discrimination against non-Indians because
the trust is a relationship between two governments, not a racial
classification, so there must only be a rational relationship to the trust
duties. Morton v. Mancari, 417 U.S. 535, 553-54 & n.24 (1974) (upholding an
employment preference in the BIA).





n55.  Though done with good intentions, the most disastrous congressional
policies for Native Americans - allotment and termination - were executed
without their input or consent. Canby, supra note 34, at 21-22, 26-27. Federal
law has largely controlled the events in tribal existence, so tribes have not
had initiative or control in their own governance. N. Bruce Duthu, Holding a
Great Vision: Engaging the Jurisprudential Voice of Tribal Courts, 71 N.D. L.
REV. 1129, 1129 (1995) (reviewing FRANK POMMERSHEIM, BRAID OF FEATHERS: AMERICAN
INDIAN LAW AND CONTEMPORARY TRIBAL LIFE (1995)) (quoting Rennard Strickland,
Genocide-at-Law: An Historic and Contemporary View of the Native American
Experience, 34 KAN. L. REV. 713, 738 (1986)). Because tribal housing authorities
must work through federal agencies at every juncture, housing programs are
characterized by excessive delay and a lack of coordination. Ulmer, supra note
33, at 114 n.31. Many Native Americans rightly perceive that the very existence
of their tribes is not in their hands, but instead controlled by federal
bureaucrats who impose non-Indian laws on them. Duthu, supra, at 738.
Furthermore, tribes tend to perform better in implementing their own development
than government agencies do. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at xxvii-xxviii.
Unfortunately, there are not enough staffers at tribal housing authorities.
Ulmer, supra note 33, at 114 n.31. Current staffers are underpaid and do not
have the training or expertise to navigate invariably complex procedures and
regulations. Id. Sovereignty allows tribes to tailor their programs to their
particular needs and attend to problems long lacking funding. Hamilton, supra
note 27. The American Indian Policy Review Commission, which Congress
established in 1975, called for rejecting assimilationist policies and
recognizing tribes as self-governing institutions. Canby, supra note 34, at 31.





n56.  HUD has been criticized for applying the design it uses in cities and
metropolitan areas to suit over 500 nations and tribes of Native Americans.
Ferrell, supra note 1, at 447. Long before NAHASDA, HUD attempted to address
this issue but did not have the resources to solve it. Id. HUD sought input from
Native Americans to make homes more desirable and culturally relevant to them.
Id. at 446. HUD collaborated with the National Endowment for the Arts and the
American Indian Council of Architects and Engineers on a booklet of design
concepts for Native American homes for use by architects working for Indian
housing authorities. Id. HUD also sponsored the Cultural Design Award in 1995 to
show its support. Id. at 448. HUD has managed, however, a few examples of
adaptation to Native cultures: tribes built traditional log homes in Montana and
North Dakota, and the Oneida of New York constructed houses with
traditionally-designed wooden siding. Id. at 448.





n57.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 445. The following describes the variety of
Native American housing designs:



   Some [Native Americans] envision a longhouse in the forest built of wood or
bark; others picture chickees perched above tidewaters, river's edge or
Everglades, tipis painted with sacred designs of stars, mountains and rain, or
arbors and wickiups thatched with grass, hogans round as the eternal circle of
life. Families together may build earthen homes tucked into the hills, white
frame homes with the proverbial picket fences, or homes of adobe bricks the warm
color of Mother Earth.

 Id.





n58.  Representative Don Young of Alaska supplied an anecdote:



   I have watched the present program in housing not work. We have had housings
[sic] in Alaska that were under Government control that had such audacity as to
say you could not put a storm porch in Nome, AK, on federally built housing
because it did not meet their code or did not meet their design.

   I do not know how many have been to Nome, AK, but the wind blows about 84
miles an hour off the Bering Sea. It is an example to take into consideration of
the native people up there and their needs or their designees and what should or
should not be done.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,616 (Sept. 28, 1996). On the White Earth Indian Reservation
in northwest Minnesota, the force of the ground freezing from harsh winter
storms broke the concrete foundations of several homes in a 43-home development.
Eric Nalder, Deborah Nelson, and Alex Tizon, Sending Good Money After Bad: HUD
Missed Signs of Waste, Then Gave Tribe More Money, THE SEATTLE TIMES, Dec. 4,
1996, at A11, available in 1996 WL 3695257. The high salt and mineral content of
water clogs and corrodes pipes, water circulating fans, and water heaters on the
Gila River reservation. Hearing 8219856, supra note 44. A $ 300 water heater has
an average life of six months under those conditions. Id. Remedying faulty
construction and climate damage add to the costs of building homes for Native
Americans. Id. The Rosebud Sioux Reservation in South Dakota experiences weather
and remoteness troubles. Anne Flentgen Rich, Rosebud Sioux: Innovative Use of
NAHASDA Funds, NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING NEWS, June 2000, at 1. The weather
narrows the time of year proper for building. Id. Remoteness creates problems
that would not be experienced if closer to hospitable areas.





n59.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 445.





n60.  Tribal members have enough trouble buying food and clothing and getting
off welfare, much less affording a mortgage or loan. See Galvin, supra note 22.
The down payment itself is a barrier to homeownership. Dana Simon, Muscogee
(Creek) Nation Joins Homeownership Initiative, TULSA WORLD, June 10, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 6788010. Poverty also frustrates mortgage applications due
to unstable incomes, closing costs, problematic or nontraditional credit
histories, and lender-required cash reserves. Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.
Indeed, very often borrowers in Indian country have no credit history, and
Native American incomes can fluctuate with the seasons and availability of work.
Id. at 164, 166. Also, it is difficult to use reservation land as collateral
because it tends to have little value due to remoteness. Morgan Lee, Indian
Housing on Front Burner, ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL, Oct. 14, 2000, at 1. Furthermore,
the trust status diminishes the market value of the land. Ingram, supra note 30,
at 165.





n61.  Often tribal members and leaders do not know whom to contact at a lending
institution to apply for a loan because of the lack of communication between
lenders and tribes. George Tibbits, More Housing Loans Essential, Indians Say:
Group Calls For Easing "Third World" Conditions, THE NEWS TRIBUNE (Tacoma, WA),
July 13, 1999, at B4 available in 1999 WL 3261841. In addition, many Native
Americans currently obtaining loans are first-generation homeowners and have no
experience obtaining home loans or negotiating with private lenders. GAO-98-49,
supra note 17.





n62.  Williams, supra note 18, at 349-50. The paternalistic attitudes of policy
makers at the national level impact significantly on Native Americans. Id. at
336. The BIA operated under the neocolonialist assumption that Native Americans
were incompetent and unable to manage their own affairs. Id. at 349. Instead of
hiring Native Americans to construct, manage, or operate projects for them, the
BIA routinely hired non-Indians. Id. Consequently, Native Americans lost many
opportunities for training, experience, and employment. Id. at 350. In turn,
private businesses would then refuse Native Americans as potential employees
citing a "lack of business traditions" among tribes, thus enhancing reservation
poverty and unemployment. Id. at 349 n.65.

   In the private sector, data on discrimination is largely unavailable for
sales, rentals, and financing. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 232. However,
in 1989 the Montana Human Rights Commission found discrimination in 57 percent
of the tests they conducted, which was substantially higher than for other
minorities. Id. The tests consisted of sending Indian and non-Indian applicants
having the same wherewithal, housing needs, family size, etc. to rental agents,
so that differences would be attributable to discrimination only. Id. at 232
n.80. In a HUD survey, 42 percent of Indian housing authority executive
directors told HUD that discrimination was "very much a barrier" to obtaining
housing while another 32 percent said it was "somewhat of a barrier." Id. at
232.





n63.  Most lenders are located far from reservations and lack branches near
tribal lands. Tibbits, supra note 61. Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell stated,
"Many opportunities and services most of America takes for granted are not
available in Indian country. Native Americans can't simply walk into a local
bank to open a checking account or get a loan for a new house because for the
most part, these institutions are nowhere near Indian reservations." 143 CONG.
REC. S5,133 (May 23, 1997).

   Distance also adds to homebuilding costs. For example, it raises the costs of
transporting materials to and from reservations. See GAO-98-49, supra note 17.
Reservations are often distant from metropolitan areas, so they require a large
capital investment to create basic infrastructure like sewers, landfills,
electricity, and water supply. Id. Due to the heaving permafrost and vast
distances of Alaska, Native Alaskan homes must be shipped on barges to rural
locations. See Tony Hopfinger, Challenges Hit Home in the Bush Housing: Two-Day
Program Aims to Raise Awareness of Unique Needs in Rural Alaska Villages,
ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS, Aug. 24, 2001, at E1 (quoting Tony Vaska, Executive
Director, Association of Alaska Housing Authorities). A 600-to 800-square-foot
home costs $ 200,000, which frightens potential lenders. Id. Providing the
infrastructure for these homes in the tundra, many miles from a city, for
clusters of only several hundred people is frustratingly expensive for
financiers. Id. Even in the contiguous states, each house requires approximately
$ 20,000 of infrastructure including septic tanks and cisterns on reservations
with widely-scattered homes. GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Grouping homes in
subdivisions reduces infrastructure costs. Id.

   Distance also translates into cultural and linguistic differences, as tribal
culture varies significantly from tribe to tribe. Wise, supra note 53 ("There
are 556 tribes, and they are absolutely different in every way I could imagine")
(quoting Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National American Indian
Housing Council). Each lending program must be fitted to a specific tribe. Id.





n64.  Tribal law and jurisdiction generally apply to foreclosures on trust land.
Ingram, supra note 30, at 165. "Many tribes have limited practical experience or
judicial precedents in carrying out adequate remedies for traditional mortgage
lending. They generally have not developed a uniform commercial code (UCC)
system or mortgage foreclosure and eviction laws that provide lenders with the
same level of comfort as the related state laws." Id.





n65.  See supra part II. The number one factor that the General Accounting
Office identified as a barrier to Native American's access to loans is lenders'
uncertainty about recovering an outstanding balance for homes on trust land when
the borrowers default. GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n66.  The need for accurate title searches on trust leaseholds performed in a
timely manner is enormous. Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. The BIA estimates it
has a backlog of title search requests to last the next 113 years, mostly due to
the complexity fractionation brings to probate proceedings. GAO-98-49, supra
note 17. Standard loan and mortgage approvals require between four and seven
months in processing time. Wise, supra note 53.





n67.  NAHASDA applies to federal-and state-recognized tribes. NAHASDA 4(12)(A),
25 U.S.C.A. 4103(12)(A).





n68.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.





n69.  This Part addresses NAHASDA as originally passed but notes amendments
where appropriate.





n70.  Title I: block grants and grant requirements; Title II: eligible families
and affordable housing activities; Title III: grant allocation amounts; Title
IV: compliance, audits, and reports; Title V: termination of other housing
assistance; Title VI: federal guarantees for financing tribal housing; and Title
VII: other housing assistance provisions. See 25 U.S.C.A. 4101-4195.





n71.  NAHASDA 101(b)(1)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(b)(1)(A).





n72.  NAHASDA 101(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(a). NAHASDA specifies, however, that the
Office of Native American Programs at HUD carries out NAHASDA and the Secretary
acts through it. NAHASDA 3, 25 U.S.C.A. 4102.





n73.  NAHASDA 4(21)(C), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(21)(C).





n74.  NAHASDA 102(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d).





n75.  NAHASDA 102, 25 U.S.C.A. 4112. The five-year plan requirement is a
statement of the tribe's commitment to serve its low-income families and how it
will generally do so. NAHASDA 102(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(b). The one-year plan is
at the heart of the housing plan because it documents the tribe's objectives and
goals for using the block grant money over the year. NAHASDA 102(c)(1), 25
U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(1). The one-year plan describes the housing needs of low-income
tribal members, the location of the need on the reservation, and a description
of how the assistance will be allocated where needed. NAHASDA 102(c)(2), 25
U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(2). The one-year plan also details how the tribe will provide
members access to financial resources to obtain employment and achieve
self-sufficiency as well as how it will provide for safety. NAHASDA
102(c)(4)(I)-(J), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(4)(I)-(J). Additionally, the tribe must
describe how it will maintain housing developed under the Housing Act of 1937,
which of the homes on the reservation will be demolished, which rental and
homeownership programs will operate during the year, and any other housing
assistance programs. NAHASDA 102(c)(4)(D)-(H), 25 U.S.C.A.4112(c)(4)(D)-(H).
Furthermore, the tribe must specify the administration responsible for
implementing the housing plan, how it will carry that out, and key personnel.
NAHASDA 102(c)(4)(K), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(4)(K). The one-year plan also details
the local private and public housing market, available rental assistance or
rehabilitation funds, or other funds "reasonably available" to the tribe and how
it will use those. NAHASDA 102(c)(3)-(4)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(3)-4(A).





n76.  NAHASDA 101(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(a). If the Secretary fails to respond
after 60 days, the tribe may assume compliance with the Act and begin
construction. NAHASDA 103(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4113(a)(2).





n77.  NAHASDA 102(a)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(a)(1). Though tribes submit a
five-year plan, that does not guarantee five years of block grants. See id.





n78.  NAHASDA 106(b)(2)(B)(ii)(I), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b)(2)(B)(ii)(I). Forty-eight
tribal members worked with 10 HUD officials on the committee, a number which was
much larger than usual to accommodate the diversity of tribal interests and the
number and complexity of issues. Kenison, supra note 51, at 255. Approvals were
made unanimously, which, though slow, accorded with traditional Native American
negotiation methods and made for harmony. Id. at 256. The final regulations went
into effect on April 13, 1998. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n79.  NAHASDA 106(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(a)(2).





n80.  NAHASDA 103(a)(1), 25 U.S.C. 4113(a)(1).





n81.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44. The additional monitoring extends to
scrutinizing expenditures of the block grant funds as well as requiring
quarterly program and financial reports from the tribe. Id.





n82.  NAHASDA 401(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(a). "Substantial noncompliance" is that
which either materially effects the TDHE's ability to meet its major goals and
objectives, forms a pattern or practice of willful noncompliance with NAHASDA or
its regulations, "involves the obligation or expenditure of a material amount of
the NAHASDA funds budgeted by the recipient for a material activity," or risks
fraud, waste, or abuse. 24 C.F.R. 1000.534.





n83.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n84.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 102(f)(1), 110 Stat. 4016, 4026 (1996). The
Secretary can define small tribes based on the number of assisted dwellings. Id.
at 102(f)(2). This waiver provision was rescinded. Omnibus Indian Advancement
Act (hereinafter OIAA), Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(c), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926
(2000).





n85.  See infra part V.A.





n86.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 104(b)(1), 110 Stat. 4016, 4028 (1996). The
Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276a-276a-5) dictates that workers may not receive
less than the prevailing wages in their locality. Id.





n87.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 105(b), 110 Stat. 4016, 4029 (1996).





n88.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 101(c)-(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4022 (1996).
Congress amended the language of the provision in 1998, Veterans Affairs and HUD
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 595(e)(3)-(4), 112 Stat. 2461, 2656-57
(amending NAHASDA 101(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(d)), but the requirements were the
same. See infra part V.A.





n89.  NAHASDA 201-210, 25 U.S.C.A. 4131-4140.





n90.  NAHASDA 202(1)-(6), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(1)-(6). NAHASDA's definition of
affordable housing activities is rather inclusive:



   Acquisition, new construction, reconstruction, or moderate or substantial
rehabilitation of affordable housing, which may include a real property
acquisition, site improvement, development of utilities and utility services,
conversion, demolition, financing, administration and planning, and other
related activities.

 NAHASDA 202(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(2). Funding also extends to operating and
modernizing housing existing before NAHASDA. NAHASDA 202(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132
(1). Block grants can be used for investments to fund affordable housing.
NAHASDA 204, 25 U.S.C.A. 4134. NAHASDA funding for services is also very broad:



   Housing counseling in connection with rental or homeownership assistance,
establishment and support of resident organizations and resident management
corporations, energy auditing, activities related to the provision of
self-sufficiency and other services, and other services related to assisting
owners, tenants, contractors, and other entities, participating or seeking to
participate in other housing activities assisted pursuant to this section...the
provision of management services for affordable housing, including preparation
of work specifications, loan processing, inspections, tenant selection,
management of tenant-based rental assistance, and management of affordable
housing projects.

 NAHASDA 202(3)-(4), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(3)-(4). This includes security or law
enforcement to protect residents in affordable housing from crime. NAHASDA
202(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(5).





n91.  NAHASDA 201(b)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(1).





n92.  NAHASDA 4(13), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(13). The Secretary can adjust the income
ceiling above or below 80 percent for family size, local construction costs, or
"unusually" high or low family incomes in the area. Id. On the other hand, a
tribal housing authority may assist non-low-income families if "there is a need
for housing for such families that cannot reasonably be met without such
assistance." NAHASDA 201(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(2). Non-Indian families are
eligible for NAHASDA funds if (1) they reside on the reservation, (2) they
cannot reasonably afford housing without NAHASDA funding, and (3) "the presence
of the family on the Indian reservation or other Indian area is essential to the
well-being of Indian families." NAHASDA 201(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(3).





n93.  NAHASDA 205(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4135(a)(2). Housing must remain affordable
for the useful life of the housing unit despite transfers and mortgages, but
that does not apply to lenders' foreclosure sales or when the Secretary
determines that the requirement does not comport with "sound economics and the
purposes of this Act." Id. NAHASDA censures violations by allowing the Secretary
to demand repayment for the unit in violation or to lower future grants by the
cost of the unit. NAHASDA 209, 25 U.S.C.A. 4139.





n94.  NAHASDA 203(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4133(a). Monthly rent may not exceed 30
percent of the occupants' monthly income reduced by $ 480 for each minor,
disabled family member, or full-time student; $ 400 for elderly members;
necessary child care expenses; income earned by minor family members; commuting
expenses no greater than $ 25 per week per family; and amounts provided under
the housing plan. NAHASDA 4(1), 203(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(1), 4133(a)(2).





n95.  NAHASDA 203(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4133(c).





n96.  This includes notice of eviction, no evictions except for good cause, etc.
NAHASDA 207(a)(3)-(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4137(a)(3)-(5). In 1998, Congress amended
207(b) to apply to homebuyers and owners as well. Veterans Affairs and HUD
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 595(b), 112 Stat. 2461, 2656 (amending
NAHASDA 207(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4137(b)).





n97.  NAHASDA 301-302, 25 U.S.C.A. 4151-4152.





n98.  NAHASDA 302(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(a).





n99.  NAHASDA 302(b)-(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)-(c). The formula can include other
objectively measurable factors. NAHASDA 302(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)(3).





n100.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n101.  See 24 C.F.R. appendices A & B to pt. 1000. The formula calculating the
amount of the block grant incorporates two needs: providing affordable housing
and maintaining and operating existing housing. GAO 99-16, supra note 44. In
calculating the former, HUD relies on tribal population, income, local costs of
housing, the extent of the housing shortage, and local housing conditions. Id.
Each factor has different significance in the total formula. Id. For example,
the tribe's share of the total Native American population counts as 11 percent
of the formula. Id. In calculating the latter, HUD looks to the number of
housing units, operation and maintenance costs, inflation since 1996, the
difference between the tribal housing entity's costs for operating and
modernizing as compared to the national average, and certain minimum levels of
funding. Id. NAHASDA requires HUD to review the formula and revise it as
necessary within five years. Id.





n102.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 302(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4036-37 (1996).





n103.  NAHASDA 401-407, 25 U.S.C.A. 4161-4167. The grant recipient must conduct
a compliance survey at least annually for performance measures the Secretary
specifies, NAHASDA 403(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4163(c), including onsite inspections, a
report of the use of grant funds, a determination of whether the tribe met its
goals, and a description of accomplishments and changes that need to be made,
NAHASDA 403(b), 404(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4163(b), 4164(b). Ninety days after the end
of each fiscal year, the Secretary must submit to Congress a report of progress
in accomplishing the goals of the Act, a summary of funds used, and a
description of outstanding loan guarantees. NAHASDA 407, 25 U.S.C.A. 4167.





n104.  NAHASDA 401(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(a). To replace the TDHE, the Secretary
must determine that there was a pattern indicating substantial or willful
noncompliance. NAHASDA 402(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4162(b); supra note 82 (defining
substantial noncompliance and willful noncompliance). The tribe must approve of
the Secretary's replacement. NAHASDA 402(c)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4162(c)(1).





n105.  NAHASDA 401(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(c); supra note 82. This includes
recovery of the amount not expended as well as mandatory or injunctive relief.
NAHASDA 401(c)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(c)(2).





n106.  NAHASDA 401(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(d). The court must uphold the
Secretary's conclusion if it is supported by "substantial evidence on the record
as a whole." NAHASDA 401(d)(3)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(d)(3)(A). Otherwise, the
court may set aside the Secretary's conclusion partially or entirely. Id. This
provision has been criticized as unfairly burdensome and unrealistic because it
is difficult and expensive for tribes to prepare an appellate brief and there is
no record for the appellate court to review because no trial was conducted.
Hearings on the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of
1996 Before the Comm. on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs,
104th Cong. (1996) available in 1996 WL 10165165 (statement of A. Brian Wallace,
Vice-Chairman, Washoe Tribal Council). As of publication, no published circuit
court opinions are available.





n107.  NAHASDA 401(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(b).





n108.  See supra notes 45-46.





n109.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 501-506, 110 Stat. 4016, 4041-45 (codified
in scattered sections of Titles 13, 25, and 42).





n110.  NAHASDA 601(b), 602(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(b), 4192(c). The requirements
include being unable to obtain financing without the guarantee, entering a
contract acceptable to the Secretary for repaying the debt, pledging NAHASDA
grants to the creditor, proving that the tribe is capable of repaying the debt
without impairing the tribe's ability to use grant amounts, and furnishing
security acceptable to the Secretary. NAHASDA 601(b), 602(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191
(b), 4192(a).





n111.  NAHASDA 601(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(d).





n112.  NAHASDA 602(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4192(b)(2).





n113.  NAHASDA 605(a), (c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4195(a), (c).





n114.  NAHASDA 604, 25 U.S.C.A. 4194.





n115.  NAHASDA 702, 25 U.S.C.A. 4211.





n116.  NAHASDA 703, 25 U.S.C.A. 4212.





n117.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n118.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n119.  Mark Fogarty, Indian Tribes Endorse Housing Act before Congress, INDIAN
COUNTRY TODAY, Jan. 19, 2001.





n120.  Fogarty, supra note 119.





n121.  Reza, supra note 17.





n122.  Mark Fogarty, Federal Audit Gives Decent Marks to Implementation of
Tribal Housing Act, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug. 22, 2001, at A6. In an audit
completed in August 2001, the Office of the Inspector General at HUD "passed" 15
of 17 studied tribal housing entities for administrative compliance with
NAHASDA. Id. The audit also discovered that HUD improperly funded 300 tribal
housing entities by miscalculating the number of housing units per tribe. Id.
HUD recouped the $ 1.6 million of overfunding and has solved the calculation
problem. Id.





n123. " Indian communities are different than metropolitan communities[;] in
fact Indian communities are often vastly different from one another." 142 CONG.
REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio). "One size does not fit
all. Nowhere do we have greater evidence of this truth than when it comes to the
challenge of housing for native Americans." 142 CONG. REC. H11,617 (Sept. 28,
1996) (statement of Rep. Hayworth).





n124.  Representative Lazio introduced NAHASDA to the House of Representatives,
stating: "This bill heralds a new era in the relations between Congress and
Indian tribes." 142 CONG. REC. E507 (Mar. 29, 1996).



   Most Americans probably have never heard of the bill, but for native
Americans, this may be the most important bill this Congress has considered. The
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 is a
historic step to the promise we made to native Americans and that we make to
every American...That promise is at the very foundation of our beliefs, in the
Declaration of Independence: "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain
unalienable Rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness." Being able to pursue your own dreams, owning a home, having a decent
place to live and a community that is empowered to heal itself when necessary,
to succeed on its own and, ultimately, to be responsible for its own destiny -
these are not gifts we grant to only a chosen few in this country. This promise
is what America is about and it is this promise that leads us today to consider
the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio).





n125. " We say to the first Americans in this instance, "You are not forgotten
Americans, and moreover, you have the right to self-determination, to
self-governance, to decide how best to spend this money.'" 142 CONG. REC.
H11,617 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Hayworth). The congressional
findings state, "federal assistance to meet these [trust] responsibilities
should be provided in a manner that recognizes the right of Indian
self-determination and tribal self-governance by making such assistance
available directly to the Indian tribes or tribally designated entities."
NAHASDA 2(7), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(7).





n126.  NAHASDA 102(d)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d)(1).





n127.  Representative Richard Lazio of New York stated:



   Tribal governments and housing authorities should also have the ability and
responsibility to strategically plan their own communities' development,
focusing on the long-term health of the community and the results of their work,
not over-burdened by excessive regulation. Providing the maximum amount of
flexibility in the use of housing dollars...allows for innovation and local
problem-solving capabilities that are crucial to the success of any
community-based strategy.

 142 CONG. REC. E507 (March 29, 1996).





n128.  Title VI loan guarantees are the "hidden jewel" of NAHASDA. Mark Fogarty,
HUD Will Guarantee Up to $ 2 Billion of Indian Housing, NATIONAL MORTGAGE NEWS,
Dec. 16, 1996, at 14. They are "crucial" to NAHASDA's success. Hearing on
NAHASDA Implementations and S.400 Before the Senate Comm. on Indian Affairs,
106th Cong. (March 17, 1999), available in 1999 WL 150158 (statement of Chester
Carl, Chairman of the National American Indian Housing Council) (hereinafter
Hearing 150158). Guarantees can back a variety of investments from bonds to bank
loans worth five times the block grant. Fogarty, supra, at 14. Through them,
tribes can finance the large-scale housing development they need to clear their
waiting lists. Id.; but see infra notes 137 & 200 and accompanying text.





n129.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44. No longer would tribes have to compete for
program money awards. Id. NAHASDA ended the bewildering, ambiguous array of
housing programs, Hearing 8219955, supra note 45, and prevented the abuses which
confusion allows because NAHASDA monitors all tribes and TDHEs, Hearing 8219856,
supra note 44. NAHASDA was also good for the federal government because it was
simpler to implement. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n130.  NAHASDA's findings state that Congress "assumed a trust responsibility
for the protection and preservation of Indian tribes" and that "providing
affordable homes in safe and healthy environments is an essential element in the
special role of the United States in helping tribes and their members to improve
their housing conditions and socioeconomic status." NAHASDA (2), (4)-(5), 25
U.S.C.A. 4101(2), (4)-(5).





n131.  According to Senator John McCain of Arizona, "Tribal block grants are
consistent with long-standing principles of Indian self-determination and tribal
self-governance and should enhance the long-standing trust relationship between
the United States and Indian tribal governments." 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct.
3, 1996).





n132.  Congress authorized the Secretary to distribute NAHASDA funds until
fiscal year 2001 when he must be reauthorized to continue. NAHASDA 108, 25
U.S.C.A. 4117. Both the Senate and House of Representatives are considering
bills that would extend NAHASDA until 2006. H.R. 1873, 107th Cong. 2 (2001); S.
1210, 107th Cong. 2(a) (2001). Upon introducing the Senate reauthorization bill
on July 20, 2001, Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell spoke in favor of NAHASDA
reauthorization. See 147 CONG. REC. S8,015 (July 20, 2001) (statement of Sen.
Campbell). Senator Campbell described NAHASDA's success in erecting a large
number of housing units and in placing tribes "in the driver's seat" to decide
how to implement their own housing plan. Id. Despite NAHASDA's success, the
Senator expressed his reservations that NAHASDA has not resolved crucial
problems in Native American housing:



   Even with all the success of NAHASDA, Indian communities continue to live in
the worst housing conditions in the United States...These statistics illustrate
that there is still much work to be done. NAHASDA has been a good first step in
improving living conditions in Indian and Alaska Native Communities, however
there is still a tremendous need for adequate housing in these communities.

 Id; see also infra part IV (discussing NAHASDA's technical and policy
oversights). Neither the House nor the Senate reauthorization bills would amend
NAHASDA to correct the Act's deficiencies. See H.R. 1873, 107th Cong. 2 (2001);
S. 1210, 107th Cong. 2(a) (2001). Senator Campbell nonetheless supports NAHASDA
because it is an improvement over prior housing programs and allows tribes to
better meet their housing needs. See 147 CONG. REC. S8,015 (July 20, 2001)
(statement of Sen. Campbell). Eighty-one percent of tribes that the National
American Indian Housing Council surveyed also supported NAHASDA reauthorization
because they noticed improvements in their housing conditions. See Reza, supra
note 17.





n133.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Even when federally guaranteed against loss,
private lenders still made few loans. Id. Only 128 loans were made under HUD
guarantee programs by October 1997. Id. Lenders were still unsure whether they
could foreclose on trust lands; they did not understand the complex and varied
status of land ownership in Indian country; they were unfamiliar with tribal
courts where foreclosure is litigated; and they worried about tribes that did
not have foreclosure ordinances or procedures. Id. The impact of expanded
leaseholds was uncertain even before the Act's passage, for some reservation
leaseholds far exceeded 25 years but financing was difficult regardless. Id.
Even when the barriers to Native Americans' access to conventional loans were
lowered, poverty still prohibited qualifying for loans. Id. Furthermore, the
demand for accurate title searches of trust leaseholds performed in a timely
manner was still enormous. Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. For mortgages to
become a reality for Native Americans, NAHASDA must improve title searches. Id.
Congress recently established a commission to analyze the title searching system
and recommend how to improve or replace the system. OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568,
1001(a), (d), 114 Stat. 2868, 2923-24 (2000). It is uncertain how much the
committee can do without more funding or staffers for title searches.





n134.  According to the Rosebud Sioux Tribal Court:



   Lack of electric service to [public housing] will have a direct effect on the
economic security of the tribe and its members since the lack of that kind of
service will reduce the productive use of the homes by tribal members. In
addition, the homes were built to provide shelter to eligible members of the
tribe, and therefore, there can be no logical argument otherwise that the health
and welfare of tribal members will be directly affected by the lack of electric
service to these homes.

 Rosebud Hous. Auth. v. LaCreek Power Coop., Inc., No. CIV-85-375, 13 INDIAN L.
REP. 6029, 6031 (Rbd. Sx. Tr. Ct. 1986), quoted in Ulmer, supra note 33, at 172
n.302.





n135.  Hearing 150158, supra note 128. Under the direction of the Office of
Management and Budget, for example, HUD would guarantee only 80 percent of loans
under Title VI. Id; Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52. Furthermore, though NAHASDA
allows HUD to require additional security for guarantees if necessary, HUD
instead required additional security for every guarantee. Hearing 150158, supra
note 128. Lastly, HUD requires tribes to demonstrate that they have "experience
with complex financial transactions" to receive guarantees, though that is not
in NAHASDA's language. Id. This is particularly hard on many small tribes or
their tribal housing entities because they have never borrowed money before or
lack expertise in lending. Id.





n136.  Fogarty, supra note 27. "Training and knowledge of resources is an
essential element" of self-determination. HUD Conference to Address Native
American Housing Needs, PR NEWSWIRE, April 13, 2000. Because Native Americans
were not aware of this resource, they did not apply for it. Fogarty, supra note
27.





n137.  By February 24, 1999, no regulations had been published. Hearing 8086307,
supra note 16. It was not until four years after NAHASDA's enactment, that the
first loan federally guaranteed under Title VI was closed. Fogarty, supra note
27.

   Recently, two hundred tribal representatives walked out of a four-day meeting
with HUD because HUD would not consult with them in the rulemaking process.
Brian Stockes, Tribes Reject HUD Consultation Policy, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug.
1, 2001, available in <http://www.indiancountry.com/articles/headline-2001-08-0
1-04.shtml>. HUD interprets NAHASDA to require negotiated rulemaking only for
the initial implementing regulations. Id. This is contrary to NAHASDA's language
which states, "all regulations required under this Act shall be issued according
to a negotiated rulemaking procedure." NAHASDA 106, 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b). HUD's
policy also counters President Clinton's second executive order requiring each
federal agency to consult with tribal governments before changing a regulatory
scheme. Stockes, supra. Tribes are concerned that NAHASDA and the executive
order afford no appeal to HUD's actions. Id.





n138.  Fogarty 19316638, supra note 52. Because NAHASDA enabled tribes to create
new housing entities, revive old ones, or designate themselves as a housing
entity, the number of tribal housing authorities more than doubled, increasing
from 217 housing authorities to 575. GAO 99-16, supra note 44. This strained
HUD's staffers to provide technical assistance, so tribes must compete with each
other for it. Id. HUD had 178 staffers in 1998, who needed 221 staff years to
fully implement the active Native American housing programs, including NAHASDA.
Id. Block grants now go to more than 500 TDHEs and tribes, which effectively
means "more slices out of the same pie." Hamilton, supra note 27. Finally,
smaller tribes simply do not have the money to administer housing plans and
train staffers. Alex Tizon and Eric Nalder, Well-Run Housing Has a Higher Price:
Tribes Say They need Millions More to Take New Role as Watchdog, THE SEATTLE
TIMES, June 12, 1997, available in 1997 WL 3238419. The paralyzing question for
smaller tribes is, "How are we going to pay for all this?" Id. Two-thirds of
tribal housing entities depleted their reserve accounts just to operate until
NAHASDA took effect. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n139.  According to Representative Kennedy:



   We can do all sorts of things and make block grants and do all sorts of
Band-Aid solutions to the problem, but until we start funding Indian housing to
a point where we actually provide people with shelter that is decent,
affordable, and works, then none of these Band-Aid solutions are going to make
the slightest bit of real difference...So let us not pretend in any way that the
legislation that we have today will significantly change the lives and housing
concerns of the vast majority of Indians.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,614 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Kennedy).





n140.  Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. Because some Native Americans living
off-reservation rely on welfare, welfare reform may goad them to return to their
reservation. Id. It is estimated that 50,000 of the 250,000 off-reservation
Native Americans will return. Id. The additional burden to construct houses for
the returning Native Americans on NAHASDA funding is estimated to be over $ 122
million per year. Id. The loss of welfare may also impact the tribe's block
grant because welfare may count as income under NAHASDA's formula. Id. Since
NAHASDA limits housing authorities to charge only one-third of the tenant's
income as rent, and welfare reform decreases the tenant's income, less funding
will be allocated under NAHASDA. Id.





n141.  Reza, supra note 17. "It will take a decade to catch up with current
demand, but not enough to meet growing demand...In other words, it's hopeless
without greater funding." Id. (quoting Chester Carl, Chairman, National American
Indian Housing Council). Last year tribes requested $ 975 million to fund basic
housing needs like infrastructure, low-rent housing, and counseling services
without factoring in the rapid growth of the Native American population. Hearing
11068395, supra note 18. In fiscal year 1999, however, block grant assistance
totaled $ 620 million, Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52, and in 1998 it was $ 590
million, GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n142.  The Rosebud Reservation looks to the "innovative" solution of a
partnership with the Sicangu Enterprise Center ("SEC") which prepares new
homeowners and helps them apply for loans. Flentgen, supra note 58, at 1. The
SEC has four people on its staff working 12 to 14 hour-days, six or seven days a
week, for 217 clients. Id. Two to three hundred Sioux are waiting for
homeownership units, however, and over four hundred await housing. Id. The tribe
has also acquired 20 homes which were built by inmates at the state penitentiary
and several homes through Operation Walking Shield which transported former
military housing to the reservation. Id. at 3.

   The White Mountain Apache tribe used $ 7 million from Title VI to finance
tax-exempt bonds leveraging $ 25 million for housing. Mark Fogarty, Homes Going
Up on Southwest's Fort Apache Reservation, KNIGHT-RIDDER TRIBUNE BUSINESS NEWS:
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, April 17, 2000, available in 2000 WL 19316628. The bond
financed construction of 250 homes, but there is a waiting list of 1,000
families in the tribe. Id.





n143.  Cuomo Announces Plan to Remove Roadblock to Housing Development on
Reservations, U.S. NEWSWIRE, May 11, 1999, available in 1999 WL 4638328. Tribes
were denied NAHASDA funding entirely because of minor, technical errors or
inability to complete the surveys, and not actual environmental problems. Id.
The Coeur d'Alene Tribe, the Yakima Tribe, and the Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe
were denied $ 3.3 million, $ 969,000, and $ 1.4 million, respectively. Id. While
tribes may perform the assessment themselves or ask HUD to do it, HUD's
resources are limited, so it cannot meet the demand. Hearing 8086307, supra note
16. The environment is an area in which Native Americans feel over-regulated and
wish the federal government would avoid, so environmental reviews are a
critical, and sometimes offensive, requirement for Native Americans. Sandi B.
Zellmer, Indian Lands as Critical Habitat for Indian Nations and Endangered
Species: Tribal Survival and Sovereignty Come First, 43 S.D. L. REV. 381, 418
(1998).





n144.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 101(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4022 (1996).
NAHASDA additionally requires the prospective block grant recipient to pay "user
fees" for services provided by state or local governments. Id. Some states do
not exempt tribal housing authorities from state and local property taxes,
leaving many Native Americans without housing funds. Tribal Public Housing
Deserves Simple Parity, THE NEWS TRIBUNE (Tacoma, WA), Feb. 11, 2000, at A12,
available in 2000 WL 5326290. In Washington State, for instance, the tax
exemption provision effectively rendered all Native American housing authorities
without housing assistance, because the State taxed tribal housing authorities.
Id. The impact of the tax qualification bears disproportionately on smaller
tribes which do not have large amounts of tax-exempt trust lands. Id.





n145.  142 CONG. REC. S12,406 (Oct. 3, 1996) (statement of Sen. McCain). HUD
applies the Davis-Bacon Act requirements under the "one dollar" test if even one
dollar of NAHASDA funding is used. Hearing 150158, supra note 128; but see 24
C.F.R. 1000.16(a)(3) (excepting from the Davis-Bacon wage requirements prime
contracts of $ 2,000 or less). Senator John McCain of Arizona voiced his
distress:



   I am particularly disturbed by provisions adopted by the House regarding the
application of the Davis-Bacon wage requirements...As long as I have worked with
Indian affairs, I have heard from Indian tribes, time and time again,
overwhelming opposition to the application of Davis-Bacon wage requirements on
Indian reservations. As chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I have an
obligation to protect tribal sovereignty and fight the age-old paternalism of
the Federal Government to impose policies on Indian tribes that are not
appropriate and that undermine the ability of tribal governments to make their
own decisions about how to protect their people and manage their own affairs.

 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996). The wage requirements inordinately
impact on reservations because they are typically rural and there is little
unionization. Id. at S12,406. The requirement raises wages at most $ 10 per hour
higher than the regional rate. Hearing 8219856, supra note 44. Aside from
wasting critically needed funds, the wage requirements also undermine tribal
governments' authority because they are less able to provide affordable housing.
142 CONG. REC. S12,405-06 (Oct. 3, 1996) (statement of Sen. McCain).





n146.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003, 114 Stat. 2868, 2925-30 (2000).
President Clinton signed it into law on December 27, 2000. Clinton Statement:
Signing of the "Omnibus Indian Advancement Act", U.S. NEWSWIRE, Dec. 27, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 26852457 (hereinafter Statement 26852457).





n147.  Hearing on NAHASDA Implementations and S.400 Before the Senate Comm. on
Indian Affairs, 106th Cong. (March 17, 1999) available in 1999 WL 150147
(statement of Jacqueline Johnson, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Native American
Programs) (stating that much of the legislation is similar or identical to the
final regulations for NAHASDA in 24 C.F.R. Part 1000) (hereinafter Hearing
150147). For example, NAHASDA is amended to allow non-low-income families to
qualify for housing under certain conditions, OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568,
1003(b), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000), but the Act and regulations already
allowed them to participate under the same conditions, NAHASDA, Pub. L. No.
104-330, 201(b)(2), 110 Stat. 4016, 4031 (1996).





n148.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(f)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2927-28 (2000)
(amending 405). The amendment is unnecessary, because NAHASDA is already covered
under the Single Audit Act. Hearing 150147, supra note 147. The amendment,
however, gives the Secretary unlimited authority to audit. Hearing 150158, supra
note 128. This may force tribes to compromise their time and staff for auditing
rather than providing tribal members with housing. Id.





n149.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(a)(1), 114 Stat. 2868, 2925-26 (2000)
(amending 101(b)(2)). The Secretary had not waived the submission requirements
for any tribe as of March 17, 1999. Hearing 150147, supra note 147.





n150.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(c), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000) (deleting
102(f)). The regulations in the C.F.R. treat small and large tribes identically
anyway. Hearing 150147, supra note 147 (citing 24 C.F.R. 1000.222).





n151.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(d), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000) (amending
105). The Secretary may waive the environmental survey requirement if (1) that
will not frustrate national environmental policy, (2) no one's health or safety
is threatened, (3) inability to comply is through inadvertent error, and (4) the
recipient can correct the error by their own action. Id. This provision does not
make clear whether the burden is on the tribe to produce the evidence to satisfy
the test. In addition, the fourth prong allows waiver only for minor errors that
the tribe can correct. Waiver is thus not available for tribes that do not have
the technical ability to correct the errors. This will impact disproportionately
on small tribes that do not have or cannot afford the training to survey
appropriately.





n152.  The original 302(d), which provided that tribes were not to receive less
in their block grant than in 1996, NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 302(d)(1), 110
Stat. 4016, 4036-37 (1996), was deleted, OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(g), 114
Stat. 2868, 2928 (2000) (amending NAHASDA 309(d)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(d)(1)).
This provision applies to tribes operating fewer than 250 public housing units.
OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(g)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2928 (2000) (amending
301(d)(1)). If the allocation formula yields an amount greater than they
received in 1996 for operation and modernization assistance, their modernization
assistance is then limited to the average of what they received annually for
modernization between fiscal years 1992 and 1997 from the 1937 Housing Act (42
U.S.C. 14371). Id. Nevertheless, the provision is actually fair because the
block grant appropriations are insufficient. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n153.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(h), 114 Stat. 2868, 2928-29 (2000)
(amending 401(a)). The Secretary must conduct a hearing within 60 days of
finding noncompliance before taking further action. Id. at 1003(h)(4), 114 Stat.
2929. In 24 C.F.R. 1000.538, there is already a hearing provision for NAHASDA,
but the time frame is 90 days under 24 C.F.R. 26.44. Hearing 150147, supra note
147. Closing the window may give HUD and tribes less time to perform discovery
and other actions before the hearing. Id.





n154.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(i), 114 Stat. 2868, 2929-30 (2000)
(amending 401(b)). The performance agreement lasts for one year, after which the
Secretary reviews the tribe's performance and decides to take further action or
enter another year-long performance agreement if there is a good faith effort to
comply. Id. The performance agreement may allow federal control to continue ad
infinitum. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n155.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(a)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000)
(amending 101(c)).





n156.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(j), 114 Stat. 2868, 2930 (2000) (amending
104(b)).





n157.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(13)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2874 (2000). The
Supreme Court questioned whether legislating for Native Hawaiians could be done
without invidious racial discrimination in Rice v. Cayetano, 528 U.S. 495 (2000)
(striking down a state provision prohibiting non-Native Hawaiians from voting
for the board of trustees of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs of the State of
Hawaii to which Congress delegated administration of the trust corpus), but the
Court distinguished Morton v. Mancari, 417 U.S. 535 (1974) (upholding an
employment preference for Native Americans at the BIA) because there the federal
government did not delegate its administration authority to a state and because
the federal government's relationship with Native Americans is a political, not
racial, classification. The provision classifying Native Hawaiians by ancestry,
however, was a proxy for racial, not political affiliation. Rice, 528 U.S. at
514. This distinction may prove troublesome for Title VIII because it classifies
Native Hawaiians by ancestry. See infra note 158.





n158.  Under Title VIII, "Native Hawaiians" are United States citizens descended
from the aboriginal people that occupied Hawaii and exercised sovereignty prior
to 1778 as demonstrated by genealogical records, kupuna elders, kama'aina
long-term community residents, or state birth records. NAHASDA 801(9), 25
U.S.C.A. 4221(9).

   The native people of Hawaii refer to themselves as "Kanaka Maoli," "Native
Hawaiians," or simply "Hawaiians." Jon M. Van Dyke, The Political Status of the
Native Hawaiian People, 17 YALE L. & POL'Y REV. 95, 97 (1998). This note refers
to the native people of Hawaii as "Native Hawaiians," because the Hawaiian
Homelands Homeownership Act of 2000 refers to them by that name.





n159.  Native Hawaiians were eligible for general housing assistance, but not
targeted. Mark Fogarty, Native Hawaiians Likely to Become Eligible for Housing
Assistance, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Dec. 29, 2000, available in 2000 WL 31021679.





n160.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 203, 114 Stat. 2868, 2876 (2000).





n161.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(5)-(6), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000).





n162.  146 CONG. REC. E775 (May 19, 2000) (statement of Rep. Abercrombie). The
Hawaiian Homes Commission Act of 1920 placed the land in trust for Native
Hawaiians. Id. Title was transferred to the State of Hawaii in 1959 upon
statehood with the requirement that the land would be held in public trust for
bettering Native Hawaiians. Id. Hawaii thus assumed the federal trust
responsibility and administered it through its state agency, the Department of
Hawaiian Home Lands. Id.





n163.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(5), 202(6)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873
(2000).





n164.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(6)(A), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000).





n165.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(7)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000). I.e.,
13,000 need housing. Id.





n166.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(8)(B), 202(9), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873
(2000). Below the median family income are 70.8 percent of Native Hawaiians. Id.
at 202(8)(A), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873. Rent over 30 percent of income is harsh, for
the amount remaining is insufficient for basic levels of food, clothing, and
other necessities. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 72.





n167.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(10), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873-74 (2000).





n168.  For convenience, "NAHASDA" in this Part refers to the Native American
Housing Assistance Act of 1996 before the addition of Title VIII.





n169.  Fogarty, supra note 159.





n170.  146 CONG. REC. E775 (May 19, 2000) (statement of Rep. Abercrombie).





n171.  NAHASDA 801(1), 801(6)-801(7), 802(b)(1)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4221(1),
4221(6)-(7), 4222(b)(1)(A).





n172.  NAHASDA 802(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(a).





n173.  NAHASDA 802(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(a). Block grants may be used to purchase
or improve lands and housing for lease or ownership as well as develop
infrastructure and other activities. NAHASDA 810(a)-(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4229
(a)-(b). The block grant may also be used for financing, demolition, and
counseling inter alia. NAHASDA 802(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4229(b).





n174.  NAHASDA 802(b)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(b)(1)(B).





n175.  NAHASDA 803(b)-(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(b)-(c). The five-year plan must
include a statement of goals and objectives for serving low-income families as
well as an activities plan, mirroring Title I requirements. NAHASDA 102(b),
803(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(b), 4223(b)(2). The one-year plan must include
statements of goals and objectives, low-income families' housing needs, and
financial and affordable housing resources available to the HHL-Dept as required
under Title I. NAHASDA 102(c), 803(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c), 4223(c).





n176.  NAHASDA 803(c)(E), 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(c)(E). There is a compliance waiver
provision in Title VIII. NAHASDA 802(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(b)(2). As under
Title I, the certificate of compliance is for federal civil rights legislation,
HUD regulations, and other federal laws and regulations. NAHASDA 102(c)(5),
803(c)(E), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(5), 4223(c)(E).





n177.  NAHASDA 805(b)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4225(b)(1)(B).





n178.  NAHASDA 806, 25 U.S.C.A. 4226.





n179.  Title VIII has no provision similar to the local cooperation agreement
for utilities or payments in lieu of tax under 101(c) or tax-exemption under
101(d).





n180.  NAHASDA 802(e), 809(a)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(e), 4228(a)(1)(B); c.f.
NAHASDA 101(i).





n181.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 204, 114 Stat. 2868, 2895-2903 (2000)
(codified in 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b).





n182.  The findings of fact recognize that Native Hawaiians have "an ongoing
right of self-determination," OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(13)(E)(ii), 114
Stat. 2868, 2874 (2000), but Title VIII does not require their approval or input
for housing plans that the HHL-Dept. submits for them. NAHASDA allows TDHEs to
submit housing plans for tribes, but only if the tribal government has first
reviewed the plan and authorized its submission, or if the tribe delegated its
authority to the TDHE. NAHASDA 102(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d). The nearest Title
VIII comes to tribal review is buried in 803(c)(2)(D)(x)(III) requiring a
description of how the HHL-Dept. will "allow resident input and involvement,
including the establishment of resident organizations," yet Native Hawaiian
approval is not required. 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(c)(2)(D)(x)(III). The Secretary makes
the regulations for Native Hawaiians, because there is no negotiated rulemaking
committee of tribal representatives. Compare NAHASDA 807, 25 U.S.C.A. 4227 with
NAHASDA 106(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b). Native Hawaiians are unable to make
suggestions in the block grant formula, whereas Native Americans can. Compare
NAHASDA 817(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4236(b)(3) ("The formula...shall be based on
factors...including...any other objectively measurable conditions that the
Secretary and the Director [of the HHL-Dept.] may specify") with NAHASDA
302(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)(3) ("... other objectively measurable conditions
as the Secretary and the Indian tribes may specify").





n183. " The Secretary shall issue final regulations necessary to carry out this
title not later than October 1, 2000," NAHASDA 807, 25 U.S.C.A. 4227, but
President Clinton signed the OIAA into law on December 27, 2000, Statement
26852457, supra note 146. The allocation formula, however, must be established
within six months of enactment. NAHASDA 817(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4236(a).





n184.  First, Native Hawaiian guarantees under Section 184A are restricted to
97.75 or 98.75 percent of the property value on which the loan is taken out, 12
U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(5)(C)(i), not up to five times the block grant under
NAHASDA and the loan cannot be used to finance dwellings larger than four
families, 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(2)(A). To guarantee a loan with a larger
principal, the applicant must ask permission from the Secretary. 12 U.S.C.A.
1715z-13b(c)(5)(C)(ii). This provision is rather limiting because much of the
land put in trust for Native Hawaiians has low market value. Fogarty, supra note
159. Though Native Hawaiian families may take out the guaranteed loan, 12
U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(1)(A)), there is no provision for public training or
information as in NAHASDA, NAHASDA 604, 25 U.S.C.A. 4194. The Secretary will
issue a guarantee only if he believes there is a reasonable chance the loan will
be repaid, but there is no similar provision in NAHASDA. 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b
(d)(2)). Under NAHASDA, the Secretary may deny guarantees if he determines it is
"an unacceptable financial risk," require the tribe to demonstrate that the loan
is within their financial capacity, or require more security. NAHASDA 601(c),
602(a)(3)-(4), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(c), 4192(a)(3)-(4). The Title VI guarantees
under NAHASDA were regarded as the jewel of the Act because tribes could
undertake large developments to address their long waiting lists. See supra note
128 and accompanying text. Section 184A guarantees for Native Hawaiians,
however, are substantially limited.





n185. " There has never been a better time for Native American tribes to improve
housing in Indian Country...[NAHASDA] has been called the most significant
Indian housing legislation since the creation of the federal Indian housing
program." Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.





n186.  See supra notes 78, 123 & 125 and accompanying text; but see note 137
(noting that HUD refused to consult with tribes after the initial
implementation, despite explicit language in NAHASDA).





n187.  See supra note 126.





n188.  See supra note 119.





n189.  See supra note 141 and accompanying text.





n190.  Fogarty, supra note 159.





n191.  See supra note 138.





n192.  See supra notes 44 & 138.





n193.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 181.





n194.  See supra part V.A..





n195.  See supra part V.A..





n196.  See supra part V.A..





n197.  See supra note 182 and accompanying text; see also supra note 137 (noting
that HUD refused to consult with tribes after the initial implementation,
despite explicit language in NAHASDA).





n198.  See supra note 182.





n199.  See supra notes 133-134 and accompanying text.





n200.  Mark Fogarty, Title VI Loan Bought in Secondary Market Will Finance
Pojoaque Housing, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug. 22, 2001, at D1 (hereinafter
Fogarty-Secondary Market). By contrast, block grant funding in fiscal year 2001
was $ 650 million. Fogarty 19316638, supra note 52. The loans were $ 1.7 million
for the Asa'carsarmiut tribe from the First National Bank of Anchorage, AK;
Fogarty, supra note 27; $ 5.3 million for the Catawba tribe from the First Union
Corp. of Charlotte, NC, to build 120 homes; Mark Fogarty, South Carolina Indian
Reservation Loaned $ 5.3 Million to Develop Housing, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Nov.
27, 2000, available in 2000 WL 29944456; $ 900,000 for 40 homes on the Lac Court
Oreilles reservation in Winter, WI; $ 1.525 million for a mobile home park on
the Flathead Reservation in Pablo, MT; and $ 435,000 for rental housing for the
Pueblo of Pojoaque from the Century Bank FSB of Santa Fe, NM; Fogarty-Secondary
Market, supra at D1. Fannie Mae purchased the $ 435,000 loan, which was the
first one by the giant mortgage company, raising hopes that it will purchase
many more. Id. Surprisingly, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle announced a
plan to guarantee $ 100 million of Title VI loans. Id.





n201.  See supra note 128.


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: What the Tribal and Medical Communities are Saying about Noem's
HEALTTH Act

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The House of Kristi Noem, South Dakota has issued the following news
release:



 Members of the tribal and medical communities weighed in today on Rep. Noem's
Helping Ensure Accountability, Leadership, and Transparency in Tribal Healthcare
Act (HEALTTH Act), which offers comprehensive reforms to the crisis-stricken
Indian Health Service (IHS).





 Emphasis has been added throughout.  You can click each link to access the
organization's complete letter of support.



 ROSEBUD SIOUX TRIBE

 In a resolution recognizing Rep. Noem's HEALTTH Act and her fight for
additional IHS funding, among other things, the Tribal Council stated: "The
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Council wishes to extend its gratitude, thanks, and support
for South Dakota Representative Kristi Noem's continued commitment in improving
the Social, Economic, and Health issues for the Rosebud Sioux Tribe and its
members."



 NATIONAL INDIAN HEALTH BOARD

 "The spirit and intent of this legislation is clearly aimed at responding to
the call of Tribal leaders, patients and the families of those who have had
adverse experiences within the IHS system."



 AVERA

 "This bill would be instrumental in improving the quality of health care
available to American Indians&hellip;"



 RAPID CITY REGIONAL HEALTH

 "The solutions proposed in the HEALTTH Act will help address the fundamental,
systemic failures in the Great Plains Area Service Area."



 SANFORD HEALTH

 "Sanford Health shares your hope that the HEALTTH Act of 2016 offers meaningful
pathways toward enhanced American Indian health care and more efficient
utilization of precious health care resources."



 SOUTH DAKOTA ASSOCIATION OF HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS

 "We support your innovative and forward thinking in introducing the HEALTTH
Act."



 SOUTH DAKOTA STATE MEDICAL ASSOCIATION

 "[W]e believe the changes proposed by you via the [HEALTTH Act] will help
address the funding and administrative/structural issues currently crippling
Native American health care delivery system."



 SOUTH DAKOTA DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "The South Dakota Dental Association greatly appreciates your efforts to
improve the health of Native Americans&hellip;.  Your proposals are a step in
the right direction."



 NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION

 "This important bill will ensure access to timely, quality care and expand
hiring authority for the Indian Health Service."



 AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "[The] loan repayment program has proven to be one of the IHS's best
recruitment and retention tools to ensure an adequate health workforce to serve
in the many remote IHS locations&hellip;. Changing the tax status of the IHS
loans to make them tax free [as Noem's bill does] would enable the Service to
fill two-thirds or more of the loan repayment requests."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

South Dakota: What the Tribal and Medical Communities are Saying about Noem's
HEALTTH Act

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The House of Kristi Noem, South Dakota has issued the following news
release:



 Members of the tribal and medical communities weighed in today on Rep. Noem's
Helping Ensure Accountability, Leadership, and Transparency in Tribal Healthcare
Act (HEALTTH Act), which offers comprehensive reforms to the crisis-stricken
Indian Health Service (IHS).





 Emphasis has been added throughout.  You can click each link to access the
organization's complete letter of support.



 ROSEBUD SIOUX TRIBE

 In a resolution recognizing Rep. Noem's HEALTTH Act and her fight for
additional IHS funding, among other things, the Tribal Council stated: "The
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Council wishes to extend its gratitude, thanks, and support
for South Dakota Representative Kristi Noem's continued commitment in improving
the Social, Economic, and Health issues for the Rosebud Sioux Tribe and its
members."



 NATIONAL INDIAN HEALTH BOARD

 "The spirit and intent of this legislation is clearly aimed at responding to
the call of Tribal leaders, patients and the families of those who have had
adverse experiences within the IHS system."



 AVERA

 "This bill would be instrumental in improving the quality of health care
available to American Indians&hellip;"



 RAPID CITY REGIONAL HEALTH

 "The solutions proposed in the HEALTTH Act will help address the fundamental,
systemic failures in the Great Plains Area Service Area."



 SANFORD HEALTH

 "Sanford Health shares your hope that the HEALTTH Act of 2016 offers meaningful
pathways toward enhanced American Indian health care and more efficient
utilization of precious health care resources."



 SOUTH DAKOTA ASSOCIATION OF HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS

 "We support your innovative and forward thinking in introducing the HEALTTH
Act."



 SOUTH DAKOTA STATE MEDICAL ASSOCIATION

 "[W]e believe the changes proposed by you via the [HEALTTH Act] will help
address the funding and administrative/structural issues currently crippling
Native American health care delivery system."



 SOUTH DAKOTA DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "The South Dakota Dental Association greatly appreciates your efforts to
improve the health of Native Americans&hellip;.  Your proposals are a step in
the right direction."



 NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION

 "This important bill will ensure access to timely, quality care and expand
hiring authority for the Indian Health Service."



 AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION

 "[The] loan repayment program has proven to be one of the IHS's best
recruitment and retention tools to ensure an adequate health workforce to serve
in the many remote IHS locations&hellip;. Changing the tax status of the IHS
loans to make them tax free [as Noem's bill does] would enable the Service to
fill two-thirds or more of the loan repayment requests."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Minneapolis Fed's Video Advises Bankers How to Lend on Indian Land

                             May 23, 1996, Thursday

By MATT SCHULZ


With a recent Justice Department lawsuit focusing attention on the issue, a
regulator has produced a video showing how to lend to Native Americans on Indian
reservations.

"Lending in Indian Country: Cultural and Legal Issues" was released last week by
the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. The goal of the five-video set, which
includes a manual, is to teach banks how to make loans on reservations and how
to settle disputes with reservation residents who default.

The videos should help compliance officers make sense of the rules governing
loans on reservations. That can be difficult because tribal regulations override
some state and federal laws. Thus, banks often have trouble foreclosing on a
home or repossessing a car when a reservation borrower fails to make payments.

In the video, Mark A. Jarboe, a partner in the Minneapolis law firm of Dorsey &
Whitney, explains that banks can make lending much easier simply by consulting
with tribal officials who know the rules.

"It's basically a case of needing to get people to talk with one another more,"
Mr. Jarboe says in the video.

To help bankers do that, the manual lists names, phone and fax numbers, and
addresses of tribal courts and chairmen nationwide.

The Justice Department has brought two suits against banks in recent years
alleging lending bias against Native Americans. In April, the agency sued First
National Bank of Gordon, Neb., for allegedly charging Native Americans higher
interest rates than other equally qualified applicants. The case is pending.

In November 1993, the agency sued Blackpipe State Bank in Martin, S.D., for
refusing to accept as collateral property on reservations. In January 1994, the
bank agreed to expand its services to reservations, market its products to
Native Americans, reduce interest rates and finance charges on existing loans,
and create a $125,000 fund to compensate rejected applicants.

There's more to the videos than helping banks stay away from lawsuits, according
to James L. West, president of West Ratcliff & Co., an Albuquerque investment
firm. Banks can make money and score points with regulators by lending on
reservations, he says in the video.

"The primary reason we feel banks should have an interest in lending in Indian
country is because they feel they can make a profit there," Mr. West said.

The set costs $145. Call 800-553-9656, extension 2290, for more information.

SECTION: COMPLIANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 404 words

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming and
Ranching

LENGTH: 926  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 48 (Thursday, March 12, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Page 12975]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05643]

[[Page 12975]]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE


Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming
and Ranching

AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of public meeting.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for
Native American Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory
committee of the Office of Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the
meetings are provided in accordance with section 10(a)(2) of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix 2). This
will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA
programs and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This
meeting will be open to the public.

DATES: The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30
p.m. and March 26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The meeting will be open to the public. Note
that a period for public comment will be held on March 25, 2015, from
2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.

ADDRESSES: The meeting and public comment period will be held at the
Hilton Garden Inn Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue,
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104 in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.
 Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John
Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR),
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250;
by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions should be directed to John
Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal (OTR), 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC 20250; by
Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the provisions of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2),
USDA established an advisory council for Native American farmers and
ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee established
under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance of
the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted
final approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on
April 28, 2011.
 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report
to the Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to
advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the
participation of Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan
programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any changes to FSA
regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate
barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and
ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number of new
farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4)
to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery
of USDA farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating
new farming or ranching opportunities for Native American producers;
and (6) to address other related issues as deemed appropriate.
 The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members
representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in providing
solutions to the challenges of the aforementioned purposes. Equal
opportunity practices were considered in all appointments to the CNAFR
in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary selected the members in
September 2014. Interested persons may present views, orally or in
writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.
 Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or
before March 20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be
scheduled between approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th.
Those individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should
notify the contact person and submit a brief statement of the general
nature of the issue they wish to present and the names and addresses of
proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral presentations will be
given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the number of
participants.
 OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to
the public via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no
later than 10 business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In
addition, the minutes from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web
site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations
due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10 business
days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2015-05643 Filed 3-11-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Supreme Court decision helped pave tribal path to prosperity

BYLINE: Aaron Claverie; aclaverie@scng.com @PE_Claverie on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 707 words

ABSTRACT

Decision in 1987 led to protections for tribes that offered gaming and clarified
how states could regulate the activity on tribal lands.RPE-L-TRIBAL-0225 | Area
tribes are celebrating the 25th anniversary of a landmark decision that opened
the door for the casino-style gaming that has enriched their
members.Reporter/Editor: Claverie/BenderLength: 20"Art: Staff photosOnline
elements: xxxETA: xxx

FULL TEXT

The poker metaphor was apt.

On Feb. 25, 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling that changed the lives
of Native Americans, a decision that eventually helped hundreds of tribes across
the country use gaming revenue to lift their members out of poverty.

The ruling, which was handed down in the case California v. Cabazon Band of
Mission Indians, clarified a state's ability to regulate certain types of
gambling on reservations, which at the time was banned in California even though
the state encouraged people to gamble via the state lottery.

The ripple effects of the decision included the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act and approval of state-tribe compacts that spelled out how and where gaming
would be allowed and policed.

In hindsight, it may seem like a slam-dunk case but at the time there was
concern among some tribes about the dangers associated with taking a suit this
far-reaching to the Supreme Court.

"Tribal leaders weren't real happy with Morongo and Cabazon," recalled Morongo
Tribal Chairman Robert Martin. "They were worried about what would happen if we
lost."

Martin, however, said the lack of options on their respective lands made it
worth the risk.

"We were all in," he said, using the poker term. "We had no secondary plan."

To help explain why his people were willing to take such a chance, Martin
described a time when making money on tribal lands involved raising cattle or
farming.

Some members left the reservation to work in neighboring cities but there was
little to no actual industry on their lands, and it was exceedingly difficult to
find a bank willing to sink capital into a project.

"You couldn't get a loan for a business. It was hard to get a loan to build a
house out here," he said, adding that many members lived in mobile homes or were
forced into loans with high interest rates. "It was very hard for tribal people
to do anything."

The rise of the tribes' respective gaming empires, which includes skyscraping
towers and glittering showrooms that host big time acts, has allowed the tribes
to become self-sufficient and provide quality jobs to their members, who in the
1980s dealt with an unemployment rate of around 70 percent.

"That was my whole emphasis: getting jobs for the tribe and tribal members. What
gaming did, it brought jobs to the reservation," Martin said. "Everybody had a
job that wanted to work. We were able to wipe out unemployment all together."

George Forman, a prominent San Rafael tribal attorney, said the ruling was
transformative because it clarified the reach, or non-reach, of state law into
Indian Country and because it opened the door for gaming, which has turned into
a vehicle that has allowed the tribes to branch out into other industries.

"It's really the only form of economic development that has worked," he said.

Pechanga Tribal Chairman Mark Macarro said Friday the last five centuries were a
tragic period for the tribes.

"The court's decision was an important tool to begin overcoming past traumas.
Now we must work to strengthen self-determination to ensure tribes thrive for
centuries to come," he said.

On that point, Martin said the future for the Morongo and area tribes will
include more investment in non-gaming enterprises, such as restaurants and
health care facilities, and educational opportunities for its members, including
scholarships for Native Americans from any and all tribes to go to college.

They also are planning multimillion-dollar expansions on their respective
properties to keep up with industry trends, which include a move toward social
gaming machines and games and resort-type amenities such as new pools and spas.

"We've come a long way, but we still have a long way to go," Martin said. "It's
been a good 30 years, and we hope to make the next 30 years even better as
Indian country continues to move forward."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              West Virginia Record

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Kanawha Co. court says lender must comply with subpoena

BYLINE: Jessica M. Karmasek

LENGTH: 701 words


CHARLESTON -- A West Virginia circuit court says an Internet payday lender
claiming affiliation with a Native American tribe is not immune from a lawsuit
and must comply with state Attorney General Darrell McGraw's investigative
subpoena.In a decision entered Oct. 24, the Kanawha Circuit Court also ordered
the lender to cease making loans and engaging in collection activity until it
does comply.The case began last year after McGraw's office started to receive
complaints from state consumers who had obtained payday loans over the Internet
from Payday Financial LLC.Payday Financial, which did business as Lakota Cash,
is based in Timber Lake, S.D. It is owned by Martin A. Webb, who is an enrolled
member of the Cheyenne River Sioux tribe.Payday Financial and Webb both refused
to comply with McGraw's investigate subpoena. In turn, the attorney general sued
them.Though Payday Financial, itself, is not a Native American tribe, it tried
to claim tribal immunity because Webb is a tribal member.The company also
asserted it was entitled to tribal immunity because the loans made to West
Virginia consumers were accepted and entered into on the reservation in South
Dakota.Kanawha Circuit Judge Louis "Duke" Bloom rejected the company's claim of
tribal immunity.Bloom said in his 10-page order that Payday Financial was
organized under the laws of South Dakota, not tribal laws, and was owned and
controlled by Webb individually.The judge noted that the company failed to
provide any evidence in court that it operated for the benefit of the tribe, as
opposed to Webb's individual benefit and profit. Bloom also held that the loans
were made and were to be performed in West Virginia, not on the reservation in
South Dakota.West Virginia is not the first state to bring action against Payday
Financial.Several other states, including Maryland, Colorado and Missouri, also
have gone after the company because of its Internet payday lending activities in
their states. In each case, Payday Financial has asserted tribal immunity and
resisted state regulation of its lending activities. To date, no final orders
have been issued in those other enforcement actions, according to McGraw's
office.Historically, payday lenders have sought ways to skirt state laws that
prohibit payday loans, such as in West Virginia.They tend to claim that making
the loans over the Internet protect them because they aren't actually making the
loans in a particular state.Now, more and more payday lenders are turning to the
tribal immunity claim, according to an investigation by the Center for Public
Integrity published earlier this year.The center, which describes itself as the
country's "oldest and largest nonpartisan, nonprofit investigative news
organizations," noted that last year's financial reform law gives the new
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau the power to regulate payday
lenders.However, the center says it remains to be seen whether the agency will
actually go after those lenders attempting to use tribes to gain immunity.McGraw
says attorneys general nationwide, himself included, are becoming increasingly
concerned with the claims.That is why Bloom's ruling is "welcome news," he said
Wednesday.Payday loans are short-term loans or cash advances, typically 14 days,
secured by a post-dated check or, when made over the Internet, secured by an
agreement authorizing an electronic debit for the full loan amount plus interest
from the consumer's account. Internet payday loans are electronically deposited
into consumers' accounts and require payment of interest with annual percentage
rates typically ranging from 600 to 800 APR. That is more than 44 times greater
than the maximum allowable rate -- 18 percent APR -- for consumer loans in West
Virginia.Consumers who default are frequently subjected to aggressive, often
unlawful debt collection abuse and harassment.McGraw's office has been
investigating the Internet payday lending industry since 2005.As of today, his
office has completed settlements with 113 Internet payday lenders, collection
agencies and affiliated service providers, yielding more than $2.75 million in
refunds and cancelled debts for nearly 8,500 West Virginia consumers.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 WestVirginiaRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

W.Va. court enforces McGraw's subpoena against payday lender

BYLINE: Jessica M. Karmasek

LENGTH: 721 words


CHARLESTON, W.Va. (Legal Newsline) - A West Virginia circuit court says an
Internet payday lender claiming affiliation with a Native American tribe is not
immune from a lawsuit and must comply with state Attorney General Darrell
McGraw's investigative subpoena.In a decision entered Oct. 24, the Kanawha
County Circuit Court also ordered the lender to cease making loans and engaging
in collection activity until it does comply.The case began last year after
McGraw's office started to receive complaints from state consumers who had
obtained payday loans over the Internet from Payday Financial LLC.Payday
Financial, which did business as Lakota Cash, is based in Timber Lake, S.D. It
is owned by Martin A. Webb, who is an enrolled member of the Cheyenne River
Sioux tribe.Payday Financial and Webb both refused to comply with McGraw's
investigate subpoena. In turn, the attorney general sued them.Though Payday
Financial, itself, is not a Native American tribe, it tried to claim tribal
immunity because Webb is a tribal member.The company also asserted it was
entitled to tribal immunity because the loans made to West Virginia consumers
were accepted and entered into on the reservation in South Dakota.Kanawha
Circuit Judge Louis "Duke" Bloom rejected the company's claim of tribal
immunity.Bloom said in his 10-page order that Payday Financial was organized
under the laws of South Dakota, not tribal laws, and was owned and controlled by
Webb individually.The judge noted that the company failed to provide any
evidence in court that it operated for the benefit of the tribe, as opposed to
Webb's individual benefit and profit. Bloom also held that the loans were made
and were to be performed in West Virginia, not on the reservation in South
Dakota.West Virginia is not the first state to bring action against Payday
Financial.Several other states, including Maryland, Colorado and Missouri, also
have gone after the company because of its Internet payday lending activities in
their states. In each case, Payday Financial has asserted tribal immunity and
resisted state regulation of its lending activities. To date, no final orders
have been issued in those other enforcement actions, according to McGraw's
office.Historically, payday lenders have sought ways to skirt state laws that
prohibit payday loans, such as in West Virginia.They tend to claim that making
the loans over the Internet protect them because they aren't actually making the
loans in a particular state.Now, more and more payday lenders are turning to the
tribal immunity claim, according to an investigation by the Center for Public
Integrity published earlier this year.The center, which describes itself as the
country's "oldest and largest nonpartisan, nonprofit investigative news
organizations," noted that last year's financial reform law gives the new
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau the power to regulate payday
lenders.However, the center says it remains to be seen whether the agency will
actually go after those lenders attempting to use tribes to gain immunity.McGraw
says attorneys general nationwide, himself included, are becoming increasingly
concerned with the claims.That is why Bloom's ruling is "welcome news," he said
Wednesday.Payday loans are short-term loans or cash advances, typically 14 days,
secured by a post-dated check or, when made over the Internet, secured by an
agreement authorizing an electronic debit for the full loan amount plus interest
from the consumer's account. Internet payday loans are electronically deposited
into consumers' accounts and require payment of interest with annual percentage
rates typically ranging from 600 to 800 APR. That is more than 44 times greater
than the maximum allowable rate -- 18 percent APR -- for consumer loans in West
Virginia.Consumers who default are frequently subjected to aggressive, often
unlawful debt collection abuse and harassment.McGraw's office has been
investigating the Internet payday lending industry since 2005.As of today, his
office has completed settlements with 113 Internet payday lenders, collection
agencies and affiliated service providers, yielding more than $2.75 million in
refunds and cancelled debts for nearly 8,500 West Virginia consumers.<em>From
Legal Newsline: Reach Jessica Karmasek by email at jessica@legalnewsline.com/em>

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: Secondary Market for Tribal-Land Loans

                            August 27, 2001, Monday

BY Alan Kline



Hoping to encourage more banks lend to Native Americans, the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Seattle is creating a secondary market for home mortgages made on tribal
lands.

The Home Loan Bank said late Thursday that it had received permission from its
regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Board, to purchase up to $100 million
home loans made to Native Americans under a government guarantee program.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development has a program in which it will
guarantee up to 95% of a loan made for housing on Native American land.

However, only five such loans have been made under the program, because demand
for such loans on the secondary market has been virtually nonexistent, according
to Home Loan bank officials.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKETS ; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 141 words

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 11, 1999

AH Initiative Among Potawatomi

BYLINE: BY KIM RENAY ANDERSON

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: Shawnee, OK


A new five million dollar low-down payment mortgage program will give members of
the Potawatomi Nation an opportunity to own a home.

The Citizen Potawatomi Nation has joined forces with PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.,
Freddie Mac and select local lenders to create the initiative, which will allow
Potawatomi who live in Oklahoma to purchase a home with as little as 1% of the
purchase price coming from their own funds.

There is no income limitation to participate in the program.

The first phase of the program will help as many as 85 tribal members purchase
existing homes, construct new homes, or refinance homes they already own.

Craig Nickerson, vice president for Community Development Lending at Freddie
Mac, said the GSE, the Citizen Potawatomi, PMI and participating lenders are
beginning an important journey together that will make the promise of improved
housing opportunity a reality for many tribal members.

"We applaud the Potawatomi's creative use of funds made available through the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act," he said.

"It is this kind of local creativity combined with public-private sector
alliance that increases homeownership here and in other communities around the
country."

The 1996 Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA)
was enacted to promote affordable housing opportunities for Native American
citizens, both on and off Native American lands.  Currently, the Potawatomi
Nation program is among the few Native American nations to take advantage of
money available through [NAHASDA].  In fact, the Potawatomi is the third nation
to work with Freddie Mac and PMI to leverage NAHASDA funds for housing.

"The prospective home owner will have to provide just 1% of the purchase price
from his own funds.  The remainder of the down payment and loan closing costs
can be provided through a second mortgage from the Nation's housing funds," said
Potawatomi chairman John "Rocky" Barrett.

Potawatomi tribal members who take advantage of this opportunity can apply for
mortgage funds through First National Bank and Trust Co. Shawnee, a
Potawatomi-owned bank and First Americans Mortgage Corp, also Native American
owned.  Mortgage loans will be funded by Washington Mutual Bank, Seattle, who
will sell loans to Freddie Mac.

David Katov, PMI's vice president-marketing, said the program is an excellent
example of what can be accomplished when mortgage market participants join local
partners to make affordable financing available to people who want to own a
home.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, The Citizen Potawatomi nation has joined forces with PMI
Mortgage Insurance Co., Freddie Mac and select local lenders to create a program
which will allow Potawatomi who live in Oklahoma to purchase a home with as
little as 1% of the purchase price coming from their own funds.  Robert Carlile,
Ph.D., director of the Citizen of the Powatatomi Nation Housing Authority; Dale
Klingensmith, vice president, First National Bank and Trust Co. of Shawnee;
Dustan Shephered, founder and president of First Americans Mortgage Co. of
Lenexa, Kansas; Linda Hoisington, mortgage lending officer, First National Bank
and Trust Co; and John "Rocky" Barrett, chairman, Citizen Potawatomi Nation.

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Montana: Governor Bullock Announces Application Period for Montana Indian Equity
Fund Grant

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: Helena


Governor Steve Bullock, The State of Montana has issued the following news
release:

Governor Steve Bullock today announced the beginning of the application period
for the 2014 Montana Indian Equity Fund Grant. The Montana Indian Equity Fund
Grant assists current Native American businesses or new Native American business
owners. Eligible applicants include enrolled members of Montana's federally
recognized tribes and enrolled members of the Little Shell Chippewa Tribe.
"Native-owned businesses and our tribal communities play a crucial role in the
strength and vitality of Main Streets throughout Montana," Bullock said. "This
grant helps to support the entrepreneurial activity that is taking place in
Native-owned businesses across Montana." The money from this grant can be used
for a variety of activities such as the purchase of new equipment or the
development of a new product line. The fund requires a minimum of dollar to
dollar match which may include collateral such as cash, in kind, or loan funds
such as a tribal loan fund, a micro loan program, or a commercial lender.
Examples of in kind match may include inventory, supplies, equipment, tools or
vehicles that are part of the activity of the business.

For further information please visit: http://governor.mt.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Bill in Senate Would Boost Tribes' Ability to Issue Bonds

BYLINE: Evan Fallor

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 1 No. 34574

LENGTH: 1013  words


WASHINGTON - A bill introduced in the Senate by Republicans would put Indian
tribal governments more on a par with state and local governments for bond
financings, giving them better access to capital to support infrastructure and
local economic development.

The Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act of 2016 (S. 3234), introduced this
summer by Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs, and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., would create an Indian Economic
Development Fund to support the Bureau of Indian Affairs' loan guarantee and the
Community Development Financial Institutions bond guarantee program for Indian
tribal communities.

The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is scheduled to hold a hearing on the
bill on Wednesday.

"Accessing capital is paramount for economic development in tribal communities,"
Barrasso said. "This bill will break down existing barriers for growth, support
loan and bond guarantee programs " and increase opportunities for tribal
members."

In a joint release, the Senators said the legislation was based on input they
had received from Indian tribes and businesses. The bill would amend several
pieces of existing legislation, including: the Native American Business
Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000; the Native American
Programs Act of 1974; the Indian Trader Act; and the Buy Indian Act. The
Republican Senators said the bill would also spur tribally owned businesses by
improving and expanding on these current laws.

"Many Indian reservations across my home state of Arizona and the western United
States continue to struggle with high unemployment rates and few business
opportunities," McCain said. "We must do more to change this."

Kathleen Nilles, a partner at Holland & Knight in Washington, said the bill is
"trying to do a lot of different things," but added the effort to make the loan
guarantee program more effective could be positive for tribal governments.

"One of the biggest problems for tribes in getting tax-exempt financing is just
establishing to a regular lender their credit worthiness," Nilles said. "Loan
guarantees are really good for struggling tribal governments. They can result in
getting a loan versus not."

An area of the bill Nilles said struck her was a provision that states, "for
purposes of financing and economic or community development, the essential
governmental functions of an Indian tribe shall be considered to include any
function that may be performed or financed by a state or unit of local
government with general taxing authority."

Indian tribal governments have long called for a repeal of tax law restrictions
that limit them to only issuing governmental bonds if the proceeds are used for
"essential governmental functions" such as schools or roads. Unlike state and
local governments, tribes cannot issue private activity bonds. The vague nature
and implicit reference to repealing the essential governmental function in the
bill does raise additional questions, Nilles said.

"I'm somewhat skeptical that it would be effective since it overrides a tax code
provision without even citing it," Nilles said. "I'm wondering if it would
really be that effective because it says for purposes of financing and economic
or community development, yet doesn't even mention tax-exempt financing."

Barrasso and McCain's bill, introduced on July 14 and referred to the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, would establish an Indian Economic Development Fund
that would allow Indian tribes to deposit funds beginning one year after the
enactment of the measure.

Funding would be allocated beginning two years after the enactment of the act by
the Secretary of the Treasury and administered through the Secretary of the
Interior, according to the bill.

For each fiscal year, the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs would provide
up to either $7.5 million or 40% of fund amounts in credit subsidies to the loan
guarantee program of the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the Indian Financing Act
of 1974.

No more than 5% of the fund can be used for administrative purposes each fiscal
year. A reserve fund would also be created within the fund.

Nilles called the fund an "interesting" concept because of the access it allows
tribal governments in depositing their own funds to an account.

"Tribes have gaming money, investment income on holdings or excess cash they
could put into this fund and it could be used to support financing for other
Indian tribes," Nilles said. "It sounds like a really novel idea."

In a statement put in the Congressional Record in July, Barrasso said remote
locations and a lack of infrastructure are just two of the problems affecting
the quality of life for tribal communities as well as the ability to build
"strong sustainable economies."

"Indian tribes could engage in more cohesive community development and
infrastructure building," Barrasso said. "Federal bureaucracy is diminished,
thereby reducing the costs of economic development."

The Barrasso bill follows the bipartisan Tribal Tax and Investment Reform Act of
2016 (H.R. 4943) introduced by Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., in April, which would
remove the special status for tribal government and establish a volume cap for
their tax-exempt bonds. That bill, which also would effectively place tribal
governments more on par with state and local governments under the federal tax
law, is currently before the House Education and the Workforce Committee.

Under The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act passed in 2009, Tribal Economic
Development (TED) bonds were created to ease restrictions on tribes' abilities
to issue bonds.

Although TED bonds are not subject to the "essential governmental function"
requirement, many tribes are hesitant to access them because they cannot be used
for projects on trust land. The Kind bill would remove the location restriction
that deters many tribes from utilizing TED bonds.

In August, the Internal Revenue Service published a notice saying the volume cap
limit for TED bonds is $191.51 million and the amount of available cap is
$957.54 million.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Cowlitz casino project gets riskier rating

BYLINE: Gordon Oliver Columbian Business Editor; Columbian files

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 495 words



HIGHLIGHT: An aerial view of the future site of the Cowlitz casino west of La
Center.



Moody's Investor Service on Thursday assigned a B3 Corporate Family Rating to
the Cowlitz Tribal Gaming Authority's $485 million financing for its casino in
La Center, a cautionary rating that takes into account potential risks involved
in debt-financed casino projects by Native American tribal  organizations.


The credit rating helps determine the interest rate the tribe will have to pay
in order to borrow money to fund construction and start-up costs. "Obligations
rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk,"
according to Moody's.
Moody's said the B3 rating is typical for construction of a new casino, in this
case reflecting "the ramp-up risk and single asset profile of the Cowlitz
(tribe)." Moody's said it also took into account as "risks common to Native
American gaming issuers, including the uncertainty as to enforceability of
lender's claims in bankruptcy or liquidation."
The ratings service noted that the casino would be the closest casino to the
Portland metropolitan area and one of only two within 100 miles of the metro
region. But it said that several casinos are located within a 150-mile distance
from Portland, an area it considers as the Cowlitz casino's secondary market.
Cowlitz Tribal Gaming Authority, an entity owned by the Cowlitz Indian Tribe,
has already begun site improvement work on a casino-resort with a hotel and
shopping center on the tribe's new 152-acre reservation, just west of Exit 16
on Interstate 5 outside the La Center city limits. An official groundbreaking
is set for early next year, tribe Chairman Bill Iyall said Friday.
Securing the investment ratings for financing "is just part of the process,"
Iyall said. With the B3 rating, he said, "We know we're at a little bit of a
disadvantage, but that's where it's at.   We're feeling comfortable with the
project and with the ratings."
Cowlitz Tribal Gaming Authority has entered into a development agreement and
management agreement with Salishan-Mohegan LLC, a subsidiary of the Mohegan
Tribal Gaming Authority to develop and manage the casino.
The Moody's rating will apply to $485 million in financing. That includes a
$330 million five-year term loan; an $80 million five-year  delayed draw loan;
and a $75 million, 56-month revolving line of credit. Another $40 million in
credit could be used for furniture, fixtures, and equipment, Moody's said. The
Cowlitz developers could use money from these sources to repay a $66 million
developer loan, Moody's said.
The rating service said that it expects to raise its credit rating to B2 if the
casino meets expected profit margins once casino operations are underway.
Ratings could be lowered if the project experiences significant cost overruns
or construction delays, Moody's said.
The federal government officially recognized the Cowlitz Indian Tribe in 2000,
and in 2010 the Bureau of Indian Affairs approved an application to take 152
acres of land into trust for a new Cowlitz reservation.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

Tribes Drop Federal Payday Lending Lawsuit

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - RISK & ANALYTICS; PAYMENTSSOURCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 543  words


The Oklahoma-based Otoe Missouria Tribe and Michigan-based Lac Vieux Desert Band
of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians have dropped their federal lawsuit against the
state of New York that claimed its' campaign against payday lenders violated
their rights as sovereign tribes.The tribes released a statement abutting drop
the case, stating the fight has consumed "considerable resources.""While we
hoped when we first pursued this action that we would be able to quickly undo
the damage caused and avoid a prolonged and material interruption to our
businesses, the fact of the matter is the state's unjust interference in the
businesses of the tribes have caused irreparable harm that further legal
proceedings would simply be unable to remedy," a spokesperson for the tribes
said.Payday lending businesses that align themselves with Native American tribes
have come under fire from federal regulators in recent years.New York banking
regulators last year pushed banks to stop processing payments for lenders that
violate the state's 25% cap on interest rates. Last November, the state sent
cease and desist orders to dozens of online payday lenders to stop their
advertisements in the state. The tribes quickly countered with the lawsuit
arguing their operations were located on reservations and not subject to state
oversight.

The argument suffered a severe setback last month when a federal appeals court
denied a temporary injunction that would have barred New York from restricting
tribal lending while the case was litigated. The court ruled that New York's top
banking regulator has the power to regulate online lenders owned by Native
American tribes.

A U.S. district court judge in March ruled that the Federal Trade Commission has
authority under the FTC Act to regulate the arms of Native American tribes,
their employees and their contractors.

That decision stemmed from a case involving AMG Services Inc., a payday lending
operation affiliated with a tribe. The defendants included automobile racer
Scott Tucker, his brother Blaine Tucker, four other individuals, AMG Services,
three Internet-based lending companies and six related companies.

In August 2013, online lender Western Sky Financial - owned by a Cheyenne River
Sioux tribal member and operating on the tribe's South Dakota reservation -
announced it would stop offering loans after facing lawsuits across the U.S.
over three-digit interest rates for its loans. The company previously had
claimed they were not bound by state law because of their tribal affiliation.

Western Sky's decision came as state and federal regulators began clamping down
on payday lending, an industry that operates under a patchwork of laws. These
loans carry high interest rates and balloon payments, critics say.

Industry groups argue that payday lenders are being persecuted and that they
serve a need not being met by traditional banks.

Western Sky was the subject of several lawsuits challenging its lending in
states with strict usury laws that cap interest rates on loans. Many states
accused Western Sky of issuing online loans with interest rates as high as 340%.
In 2013, New York, Michigan and Georgia sued the company. The FTC filed a
lawsuit against Western Sky in 2011, alleging illegal collection practices.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

Another Blow to Online Payday Lenders, This One from Calif. Court

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 2

LENGTH: 820  words


High-cost online lenders have long had a target on their backs, and there are
finally signs that efforts to crack down on the industry are paying off.

The most recent example is a Dec. 22 decision by the California Supreme Court
that could prove fatal to Native American tribes currently offering consumer
credit in the state without a license. But even prior to that ruling, consumer
advocates and their allies in state government had notched some key victories.

A report by the Center for Financial Services Innovation in November found that
the online payday loan market shrunk by 22.5% between 2014 and 2015. The report
projected that the sector would contract by another 9.9% over the next year.

"I think the tribal payday lending model is totally on the way out," said Lauren
Saunders, associate director of the National Consumer Law Center. "It's clearly
on its last legs."

Tom Dresslar, a spokesman for the California Department of Business Oversight,
said that the number of actions the state has taken against unlicensed payday
lenders has fallen over the last year or so. That would seem to indicate that
unauthorized lending is on the decline in California, though Dresslar did not
have data on the trend.

One key factor may be the role that search engine companies such as Google have
taken in targeting high-cost lenders. Since July, the Mountain View, Calif.,
search gianthas bannedads for loans with annual percentage rates of 36% or
higher, or where repayment is due within 60 days.

Since April 2015, the state of California has been working with Google,
Microsoft and Yahoo to block online advertising by unlicensed payday lenders in
the Golden State.

Last month's California Supreme Court ruling involved a pair of Native American
tribes that offered payday loans without a license, leaving them unconstrained
by the state's interest rate cap.

Under a legal doctrine known as sovereign immunity, tribeshave sometimes been
ableto get around state licensing requirements. Native American tribes often
establish affiliated firms that make the loans, sometimes in partnership with
other companies that are not owned by the tribe.

But the California court found that the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma and the Santee
Nation of Nebraska exercised little control over the day-to-day operations of
affiliated entities that made the loans. The court concluded that the affiliated
entities were largely run by people who were not members of the tribes, and were
not entitled to tribal sovereign immunity. It also laid out a detailed legal
test for determining whether these sorts of business arrangements pass muster.

California officials hailed the decision as a landmark victory.

"This ruling is an important win for California's payday loan consumers," said
Jan Lynn Owen, the commissioner of the California Department of Business
Oversight, in a press release. "It strengthens our ability to enforce laws
prohibiting excessive fees and unlicensed activity by denying payday lenders'
ability to inappropriately use tribes' sovereign immunity to avoid complying
with state law."

Gena Lankford, a representative of Miami Nation Enterprises, declined to comment
on the ruling. Santee Financial Services did not immediately respond to a
request for comment.

The two tribes are not members of the Native American Financial Services
Association, a trade group representing tribal lenders that sought Tuesday to
distance itself from the conduct at issue in the California case.

The trade group told American Banker in a written statement that its members
"have overwhelmingly defeated several court challenges" and "are not reporting a
downturn in volume."

Critics of online payday lending argue that fraud and abuse are widespread in
the business, with the problems concentrated at unlicensed firms. Still, it has
been a long slog for those who favor a crackdown.

Operation Choke Point, a Department of Justice-led initiative aimed at cutting
off fraudsters' access to the banking system, had some initial success before
encountering fierce political opposition. State officials have also struggled to
combat firms that frequently change their corporate structures or use offshore
addresses.

More recently, though, the Federal Trade Commission scored a $1.3 billion win in
a lawsuit against payday lending mogul Scott Tucker and his companies.

Tucker, who is also a race car driver, was at the center of the California
Supreme Court decision, too. The court found that Tucker and his brother Blaine
"exercised a high degree of practical control" over the tribally affiliated
online lenders.

California officials initially issued an order against the payday lenders in
2006, so it took a full decade for the matter to be adjudicated.

"Whenever you have a case that presents big issues that affect folks' financial
interests, it's going to take a while to resolve," said Dresslar, the spokesman
for the California Department of Business Oversight.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday

Another Blow to Online Payday Lenders, This One from Calif. Court

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 820  words


High-cost online lenders have long had a target on their backs, and there are
finally signs that efforts to crack down on the industry are paying off.

The most recent example is a Dec. 22 decision by the California Supreme Court
that could prove fatal to Native American tribes currently offering consumer
credit in the state without a license. But even prior to that ruling, consumer
advocates and their allies in state government had notched some key victories.

A report by the Center for Financial Services Innovation in November found that
the online payday loan market shrunk by 22.5% between 2014 and 2015. The report
projected that the sector would contract by another 9.9% over the next year.

"I think the tribal payday lending model is totally on the way out," said Lauren
Saunders, associate director of the National Consumer Law Center. "It's clearly
on its last legs."

Tom Dresslar, a spokesman for the California Department of Business Oversight,
said that the number of actions the state has taken against unlicensed payday
lenders has fallen over the last year or so. That would seem to indicate that
unauthorized lending is on the decline in California, though Dresslar did not
have data on the trend.

One key factor may be the role that search engine companies such as Google have
taken in targeting high-cost lenders. Since July, the Mountain View, Calif.,
search gianthas bannedads for loans with annual percentage rates of 36% or
higher, or where repayment is due within 60 days.

Since April 2015, the state of California has been working with Google,
Microsoft and Yahoo to block online advertising by unlicensed payday lenders in
the Golden State.

Last month's California Supreme Court ruling involved a pair of Native American
tribes that offered payday loans without a license, leaving them unconstrained
by the state's interest rate cap.

Under a legal doctrine known as sovereign immunity, tribeshave sometimes been
ableto get around state licensing requirements. Native American tribes often
establish affiliated firms that make the loans, sometimes in partnership with
other companies that are not owned by the tribe.

But the California court found that the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma and the Santee
Nation of Nebraska exercised little control over the day-to-day operations of
affiliated entities that made the loans. The court concluded that the affiliated
entities were largely run by people who were not members of the tribes, and were
not entitled to tribal sovereign immunity. It also laid out a detailed legal
test for determining whether these sorts of business arrangements pass muster.

California officials hailed the decision as a landmark victory.

"This ruling is an important win for California's payday loan consumers," said
Jan Lynn Owen, the commissioner of the California Department of Business
Oversight, in a press release. "It strengthens our ability to enforce laws
prohibiting excessive fees and unlicensed activity by denying payday lenders'
ability to inappropriately use tribes' sovereign immunity to avoid complying
with state law."

Gena Lankford, a representative of Miami Nation Enterprises, declined to comment
on the ruling. Santee Financial Services did not immediately respond to a
request for comment.

The two tribes are not members of the Native American Financial Services
Association, a trade group representing tribal lenders that sought Tuesday to
distance itself from the conduct at issue in the California case.

The trade group told American Banker in a written statement that its members
"have overwhelmingly defeated several court challenges" and "are not reporting a
downturn in volume."

Critics of online payday lending argue that fraud and abuse are widespread in
the business, with the problems concentrated at unlicensed firms. Still, it has
been a long slog for those who favor a crackdown.

Operation Choke Point, a Department of Justice-led initiative aimed at cutting
off fraudsters' access to the banking system, had some initial success before
encountering fierce political opposition. State officials have also struggled to
combat firms that frequently change their corporate structures or use offshore
addresses.

More recently, though, the Federal Trade Commission scored a $1.3 billion win in
a lawsuit against payday lending mogul Scott Tucker and his companies.

Tucker, who is also a race car driver, was at the center of the California
Supreme Court decision, too. The court found that Tucker and his brother Blaine
"exercised a high degree of practical control" over the tribally affiliated
online lenders.

California officials initially issued an order against the payday lenders in
2006, so it took a full decade for the matter to be adjudicated.

"Whenever you have a case that presents big issues that affect folks' financial
interests, it's going to take a while to resolve," said Dresslar, the spokesman
for the California Department of Business Oversight.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Supreme Court decision helped pave tribal path to success;
Retrospective: 30-year-old ruling on gaming revenue lifted their people out of
poverty

BYLINE: Aaron Claverie; aclaverie@scng.com @PE_Claverie on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 748 words

ABSTRACT

Decision in 1987 led to protections for tribes that offered gaming and clarified
how states could regulate the activity on tribal lands.RPE-L-TRIBAL-0225 | Area
tribes are celebrating the 25th anniversary of a landmark decision that opened
the door for the casino-style gaming that has enriched their
members.Reporter/Editor: Claverie/BenderLength: 20"Art: Staff photosOnline
elements: xxxETA: xxx

FULL TEXT

The poker metaphor was apt. On Feb. 25, 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a
ruling that changed the lives of Native Americans, a decision that eventually
helped hundreds of tribes across the country use gaming revenue to lift their
members out of poverty.

The ruling, which was handed down in the case titled, "California v. Cabazon
Band of Mission Indians," clarified a state's ability to regulate certain types
of gambling on reservations, which, at the time, was banned in California even
though the state encouraged people to gamble via the state lottery.

The ripple effects of the decision included the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act and approval of state-tribe compacts that spelled out how and where gaming
would be allowed and policed.

In hindsight, it may seem like a slam-dunk case but at the time there was
concern among some tribes about the dangers associated with taking a suit this
far-reaching to the Supreme Court.

"Tribal leaders weren't real happy with Morongo and Cabazon," recalled Morongo
Tribal Chairman Robert Martin. "They were worried about what would happen if we
lost."

Martin, however, said the lack of options on their respective lands made it
worth the risk.

"We were all in," he said, using the poker term. "We had no secondary plan."

Today, the two tribes, which fought for the right to offer bingo and card games,
are were scheduled to throw a gala party at the Fantasy Springs Resort Casino to
celebrate the ruling, a bash featuring a performance by Mary J. Blige.

To help explain why his people were willing to take such a chance, Martin
described a time when making money on tribal lands involved raising cattle or
farming.

Some members left the reservation to work in neighboring cities but there was
little to no actual industry on their lands, and it was exceedingly difficult to
find a bank willing to sink capital into a project.

"You couldn't get a loan for a business. It was hard to get a loan to build a
house out here," he said, adding that many members lived in mobile homes or were
forced into loans with high interest rates. "It was very hard for tribal people
to do anything."

The rise of the tribes' respective gaming empires, which includes skyscraping
towers and glittering showrooms that host big time acts, has allowed the tribes
to become self-sufficient and provide quality jobs to their members, who in the
1980s dealt with an unemployment rate of around 70 percent.

"That was my whole emphasis: getting jobs for the tribe and tribal members. What
gaming did, it brought jobs to the reservation," Martin said. "Everybody had a
job that wanted to work. We were able to wipe out unemployment all together."

George Forman, a prominent San Rafael tribal attorney, said the ruling was
transformative because it clarified the reach, or non-reach, of state law into
Indian Country and because it opened the door for gaming, which has turned into
a vehicle that has allowed the tribes to branch out into other industries.

"It's really the only form of economic development that has worked," he said.

Pechanga Tribal Chairman Mark Macarro said Friday the last five centuries were a
tragic period for the tribes.

"The court's decision was an important tool to begin overcoming past traumas.
Now we must work to strengthen self-determination to ensure tribes thrive for
centuries to come," he said.

On that point, Martin said the future for the Morongo and area tribes will
include more investment in non-gaming enterprises, such as restaurants and
health care facilities, and educational opportunities for its members, including
scholarships for Native Americans from any and all tribes to go to college.

They also are planning multi-million dollar expansions on their respective
properties to keep up with industry trends, which include a move toward social
gaming machines and games and resort-type amenities such as new pools and spas.

"We've come a long away, but we still have a long way to go," Martin said. "It's
been a good 30 years, and we hope to make the next 30 years even better as
Indian Country continues to move forward."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Mescalero signs with VA for loan program

BYLINE: Ruidoso News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 135 words


On April 14, leaders of the Mescalero Apache Tribe signed a memorandum of
understanding with the Veterans Administration to allow eligible Native American
veterans and their spouses the opportunity to use their Department of Veterans
Affairs home loan guaranty benefit on federal trust land. By statute, before the
VA can make a loan to a Native American veteran who wants to build or renovate a
home on tribal land, the veteran's tribal sovereign governing body must enter
into a MOU with the VA. Then they may apply directly to the VA for a 30-year
fixed rate loan to purchase, build or improve a home located on federal trust
land. If the property is not located on federal trust land, the veteran can use
the traditional VA-guaranteed home loan program. Call toll free at
1-800-827-1000 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mescalero Apache President Danny Breuninger Sr., seated right, and Mike
Frueh, director of the Veterans Administration Loan Guaranty based in Washington
D.C., make it official by signing a Memorandum of Understanding. In back from
left are Mescalero Vice President Gabe Aguilar and Kelton K. C. Starr, education
director/New Mexico Department of Veterans Services, tribal veteran
representative.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Udall Scholarship

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 5, 2014
Contact

Email: randler@udall.gov
Purpose

The Udall Scholarship offers scholarships to Native Americans and Alaska Native
students pursuing careers related to tribal public policy, Native health, or the
environment.
Eligibility

Students must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives.

Eligible tribal public policy fields include careers related to:

Tribal sovereignty
    Tribal governance
    Tribal law
    Native American education
    Native American justice
    natural resource management
    Cultural preservation
    Economic development

Eligible healthcare fields include, but are not limited to:

Health care administration
    Social work
    Medicine
    Dentistry
    Counseling
    Health research

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Up to $5,000
Application
process

Students must be nominated by their college or university's faculty
representative. A list of representatives is available on the program website.

Links to the application form and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Udall Scholarship

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 5, 2014
Contact

Email: randler@udall.gov
Purpose

The Udall Scholarship offers scholarships to Native Americans and Alaska Native
students pursuing careers related to tribal public policy, Native health, or the
environment.
Eligibility

Students must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives.

Eligible tribal public policy fields include careers related to:

Tribal sovereignty
    Tribal governance
    Tribal law
    Native American education
    Native American justice
    natural resource management
    Cultural preservation
    Economic development

Eligible healthcare fields include, but are not limited to:

Health care administration
    Social work
    Medicine
    Dentistry
    Counseling
    Health research

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Up to $5,000
Application
process

Students must be nominated by their college or university's faculty
representative. A list of representatives is available on the program website.

Links to the application form and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Udall Scholarship

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 5, 2014
Contact

Email: randler@udall.gov
Purpose

The Udall Scholarship offers scholarships to Native Americans and Alaska Native
students pursuing careers related to tribal public policy, Native health, or the
environment.
Eligibility

Students must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives.

Eligible tribal public policy fields include careers related to:

Tribal sovereignty
    Tribal governance
    Tribal law
    Native American education
    Native American justice
    natural resource management
    Cultural preservation
    Economic development

Eligible healthcare fields include, but are not limited to:

Health care administration
    Social work
    Medicine
    Dentistry
    Counseling
    Health research

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Up to $5,000
Application
process

Students must be nominated by their college or university's faculty
representative. A list of representatives is available on the program website.

Links to the application form and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Udall Scholarship

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 5, 2014
Contact

Email: randler@udall.gov
Purpose

The Udall Scholarship offers scholarships to Native Americans and Alaska Native
students pursuing careers related to tribal public policy, Native health, or the
environment.
Eligibility

Students must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives.

Eligible tribal public policy fields include careers related to:

Tribal sovereignty
    Tribal governance
    Tribal law
    Native American education
    Native American justice
    natural resource management
    Cultural preservation
    Economic development

Eligible healthcare fields include, but are not limited to:

Health care administration
    Social work
    Medicine
    Dentistry
    Counseling
    Health research

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Up to $5,000
Application
process

Students must be nominated by their college or university's faculty
representative. A list of representatives is available on the program website.

Links to the application form and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Udall Scholarship

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Morris K Udall and Steward L Udall Foundation
Deadlines  Mar 5, 2014
Contact

Email: randler@udall.gov
Purpose

The Udall Scholarship offers scholarships to Native Americans and Alaska Native
students pursuing careers related to tribal public policy, Native health, or the
environment.
Eligibility

Students must be Native Americans or Alaska Natives.

Eligible tribal public policy fields include careers related to:

Tribal sovereignty
    Tribal governance
    Tribal law
    Native American education
    Native American justice
    natural resource management
    Cultural preservation
    Economic development

Eligible healthcare fields include, but are not limited to:

Health care administration
    Social work
    Medicine
    Dentistry
    Counseling
    Health research

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Up to $5,000
Application
process

Students must be nominated by their college or university's faculty
representative. A list of representatives is available on the program website.

Links to the application form and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health policy,
Scholarships, fellowships and loan repayment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Supreme Court decision helped pave tribal path to prosperity

BYLINE: Aaron Claverie; aclaverie@scng.com @PE_Claverie on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 750 words

ABSTRACT

Decision in 1987 led to protections for tribes that offered gaming and clarified
how states could regulate the activity on tribal lands.RPE-L-TRIBAL-0225 | Area
tribes are celebrating the 25th anniversary of a landmark decision that opened
the door for the casino-style gaming that has enriched their
members.Reporter/Editor: Claverie/BenderLength: 20"Art: Staff photosOnline
elements: xxxETA: xxx

FULL TEXT

The poker metaphor was apt.

On Feb. 25, 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling that changed the lives
of Native Americans, a decision that eventually helped hundreds of tribes across
the country use gaming revenue to lift their members out of poverty.

The ruling, which was handed down in the case titled, "California v. Cabazon
Band of Mission Indians," clarified a state's ability to regulate certain types
of gambling on reservations, which, at the time, was banned in California even
though the state encouraged people to gamble via the state lottery.

The ripple effects of the decision included the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act and approval of state-tribe compacts that spelled out how and where gaming
would be allowed and policed.

In hindsight, it may seem like a slam-dunk case but at the time there was
concern among some tribes about the dangers associated with taking a suit this
far-reaching to the Supreme Court.

"Tribal leaders weren't real happy with Morongo and Cabazon," recalled Morongo
Tribal Chairman Robert Martin. "They were worried about what would happen if we
lost."

Martin, however, said the lack of options on their respective lands made it
worth the risk.

"We were all in," he said, using the poker term. "We had no secondary plan."

On Saturday, Feb. 25, the two tribes - which fought for the right to offer bingo
and card games - were scheduled to throw a gala party at the Fantasy Springs
Resort Casino to celebrate the ruling, a bash featuring a performance by Mary J.
Blige.

To help explain why his people were willing to take such a chance, Martin
described a time when making money on tribal lands involved raising cattle or
farming.

Some members left the reservation to work in neighboring cities but there was
little to no actual industry on their lands, and it was exceedingly difficult to
find a bank willing to sink capital into a project.

"You couldn't get a loan for a business. It was hard to get a loan to build a
house out here," he said, adding that many members lived in mobile homes or were
forced into loans with high interest rates. "It was very hard for tribal people
to do anything."

The rise of the tribes' respective gaming empires, which includes skyscraping
towers and glittering showrooms that host big time acts, has allowed the tribes
to become self-sufficient and provide quality jobs to their members, who in the
1980s dealt with an unemployment rate of around 70 percent.

"That was my whole emphasis: getting jobs for the tribe and tribal members. What
gaming did, it brought jobs to the reservation," Martin said. "Everybody had a
job that wanted to work. We were able to wipe out unemployment all together."

George Forman, a prominent San Rafael tribal attorney, said the ruling was
transformative because it clarified the reach, or non-reach, of state law into
Indian Country and because it opened the door for gaming, which has turned into
a vehicle that has allowed the tribes to branch out into other industries.

"It's really the only form of economic development that has worked," he said.

Pechanga Tribal Chairman Mark Macarro said Friday the last five centuries were a
tragic period for the tribes.

"The court's decision was an important tool to begin overcoming past traumas.
Now we must work to strengthen self-determination to ensure tribes thrive for
centuries to come," he said.

On that point, Martin said the future for the Morongo and area tribes will
include more investment in non-gaming enterprises, such as restaurants and
health care facilities, and educational opportunities for its members, including
scholarships for Native Americans from any and all tribes to go to college.

They also are planning multi-million dollar expansions on their respective
properties to keep up with industry trends, which include a move toward social
gaming machines and games and resort-type amenities such as new pools and spas.

"We've come a long away, but we still have a long way to go," Martin said. "It's
been a good 30 years, and we hope to make the next 30 years even better as
Indian Country continues to move forward."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Meetings: Tribal Relations Office; Council for Native American Farming and
Ranching

LENGTH: 846  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)

Action

Notice of public meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA programs and
activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to
the public.
Dates

The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March
26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public. Note that a period for public comment will
be held on March 25, 2015, from 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Addresses

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Hilton Garden Inn
Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104
in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
For Further Information Contact

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
Supplementary Information

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before March
20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th. Those individuals interested
in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit
a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and
the names and addresses of proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the
number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.
Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2015-05643 Filed 3-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Courting survival, winning wealth;
Thirty years ago, two tribes took a chance, found a path to prosperity

BYLINE: Aaron Claverie; aclaverie@scng.com @PE_Claverie on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 745 words

ABSTRACT

Decision in 1987 led to protections for tribes that offered gaming and clarified
how states could regulate the activity on tribal lands.RPE-L-TRIBAL-0225 | Area
tribes are celebrating the 25th anniversary of a landmark decision that opened
the door for the casino-style gaming that has enriched their
members.Reporter/Editor: Claverie/BenderLength: 20"Art: Staff photosOnline
elements: xxxETA: xxx

FULL TEXT

The poker metaphor was apt.

On Feb. 25, 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling that changed the lives
of Native Americans, a decision that eventually helped hundreds of tribes across
the country use gaming revenue to lift their members out of poverty.

The ruling, which was handed down in California v. Cabazon Band of Mission
Indians, clarified a state's ability to regulate certain types of gambling on
reservations, which, at the time, was banned in California even though the state
encouraged people to gamble via the state lottery.

The ripple effects of the decision included the federal Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act and approval of state-tribe compacts that spelled out how and where gaming
would be allowed and policed.

In hindsight, it may seem like a slam-dunk case, but at the time there was
concern among some tribes about the dangers associated with taking a suit this
far-reaching to the Supreme Court.

"Tribal leaders weren't real happy with Morongo and Cabazon," recalled Morongo
Tribal Chairman Robert Martin. "They were worried about what would happen if we
lost."

Martin, however, said the lack of options on their respective lands made it
worth the risk.

"We were all in," he said, using the poker term. "We had no secondary plan."

The two tribes - which fought for the right to offer bingo and card games - are
scheduled to throw a gala party today at the Fantasy Springs Resort Casino in
Indio to celebrate the ruling, a bash featuring a performance by Mary J. Blige.

To help explain why his people were willing to take such a chance, Martin
described a time when making money on tribal lands involved raising cattle or
farming.

Some members left the reservation to work in neighboring cities, but there was
little to no actual industry on their lands, and it was exceedingly difficult to
find a bank willing to sink capital into a project.

"You couldn't get a loan for a business. It was hard to get a loan to build a
house out here," he said, adding that many members lived in mobile homes or were
forced into loans with high interest rates. "It was very hard for tribal people
to do anything."

The rise of the tribes' respective gaming empires, which include skyscraping
towers and glittering showrooms that host big-time acts, has allowed the tribes
to become self-sufficient and provide quality jobs to their members, who in the
1980s dealt with an unemployment rate of around 70 percent.

"That was my whole emphasis: getting jobs for the tribe and tribal members. What
gaming did, it brought jobs to the reservation," Martin said. "Everybody had a
job that wanted to work. We were able to wipe out unemployment altogether."

George Forman, a prominent San Rafael tribal attorney, said the ruling was
transformative because it clarified the reach, or non-reach, of state law into
Indian Country and because it opened the door for gaming, which has turned into
a vehicle that has allowed the tribes to branch out into other industries.

"It's really the only form of economic development that has worked," he said.

Pechanga Tribal Chairman Mark Macarro said Friday the last five centuries were a
tragic period for the tribes.

"The court's decision was an important tool to begin overcoming past traumas.
Now we must work to strengthen self-determination to ensure tribes thrive for
centuries to come," he said.

On that point, Martin said the future for the Morongo and area tribes will
include more investment in nongaming enterprises, such as restaurants and health
care facilities, and educational opportunities for its members, including
scholarships for Native Americans from any and all tribes to go to college.

They also are planning multimillion-dollar expansions on their respective
properties to keep up with industry trends, which include a move toward social
gaming machines and games and resort-type amenities such as new pools and spas.

"We've come a long away, but we still have a long way to go," Martin said. "It's
been a good 30 years, and we hope to make the next 30 years even better as
Indian Country continues to move forward."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Tribal Lenders Claim Right to Charge 448% on Loans

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - OTHER CONSUMER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 691  words


An Oklahoma tribe is fighting for the right to offer Connecticut consumers
payday loans,Â arguing that state restrictions on its offerings of high-rate,
short-term loans are financially damaging.

The Otoe-Missouria tribe is claiming right as a sovereign government to make
short-term loans at small, short-term loans with annual percentage rates as high
as 448.76%. That percentage far exceeds the state's 12% cap on such loans.

Earlier this year,Â Connecticut's Department of Banking imposed fines totaling
$800,000 and ordered two online lenders owned by the Red Rock, Okla.-based
tribe, Great Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC, to stop making the
loans. John Shotton, chairman of the tribe, was fined $700,000.

Now, the Institute for Liberty, a national nonprofit conservative group
supporting the tribe, is counterattacking with a billboard and a Twitter
campaign that draws Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. MalloyÂ into the dispute,
accusing the Democratic governor of being party to a regulatory action that
deprives an impoverished tribe of revenue. Campaign messages, according to the
Hartford Courant, pair photos of Native American children with phrases
including, "Gov. Malloy, Don't take away my daddy's job," and "Gov. Malloy,
Don't take away my future."Â

Bruce Adams, the general counsel at the state banking department, said the angle
was ironic, given that so-called payday loans dearly cost low-income borrowers
who are in desperate need of cash and have no access to more conventional and
affordable credit.

It's not the first time tribes have argued in court that that tribe-owned payday
lending businesses, like tribal governments, have sovereign immunity - meaning
state regulators lack authority to regulate them.

In 2013, the Otoe-Missouria, along with the Michigan-based Lac Vieux Desert Band
of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, filed a federal lawsuit against New York
state in response to a state campaign against payday lenders. The tribes dropped
the lawsuit last fall, saying the legal battle "consumed considerable
resources."Â

Seventeen states and the District of Columbia have enacted double-digit caps on
payday loans, according to the Center for Responsible Lending. Consumer
advocates say working with Native American tribes is only the most recent tactic
payday lenders are using to get around those caps and other state usury laws.

More than a dozen tribes, including the Otoe-Missouria, have gotten into online
payday lending in recent years and federal and state regulators have begun
cracking down on many players in the payday loan ecosystem. The tribes say
rights granted to them by the U.S. mean they can lend money at rates topping
700% a year, even in states that ban the short-term loans.

Shotton has said his business follows federal and tribal laws and that
regulators, such as those in Connecticut, are ignoring legal protections
regarding Native Americans' sovereign rights. He said his impoverished tribe
needs the profits to fund affordable housing and after-school programs.Â

Connecticut's action earlier this year followed anÂ October court victoryÂ
against the tribe for New York's banking regulator when a U.S. appeals court
ruled against the Otoe-Missouria and another tribe that sued to establish their
right to make high-interest online loans.

Thirty-five online lenders, including at least four companies owned by tribes,
were ordered to stop offering loans in New York that exceeded the state's
interest rate cap of 25%. New York regulators also sent letters to Citigroup
Inc., Bank of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co and 114 others banks asking
them to cut off the payday lenders critical access to borrowers' checking
accounts.

The tribes sued, arguing Lawsky overstepped his jurisdictional bounds in trying
to regulate business activity that takes place place on Native American
reservations in Oklahoma and Michigan.

Other regulators have raised questions about whether some payday websites are
really owned by tribes. Pennsylvania's attorney general sued Think Finance Inc.
in November for using tribes, including the Otoe-Missouria, as a cover for an
"illegal payday-loan scheme."

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Senecas seek approval to expand housing program

BYLINE: By Jerry Zremski - NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Seneca Nation of Indians Tuesday asked for federal approval to expand its
involvement in a housing program to encourage home ownership by Native Americans
throughout New York and Pennsylvania.

The tribe's president, Maurice A. John Sr., said approval from the Department of
Housing and Urban Development could lead to new housing for thousands of Senecas
and other Native Americans in the two states in the coming years.

"Native Americans lag behind most groups in home ownership and this program is
designed to help improve that situation," John said. "We are certainly looking
forward to working with HUD and getting the program in place statewide."

The tribe is seeking to expand its service area under the Indian Housing Loan
Guarantee program, which is aimed at addressing the lack of mortgage lending in
Indian country. John said the tribe wants to extend the use of the program
beyond its current territories because land is in short supply there.

Noting that about half of the tribe's 7,600 members already live outside its
reservations, John said the expansion of the housing program would encourage
tribal members to move back to Western New York.

"It puts us in the position of being builders and doers," John said.

The tribe's three casinos have produced thousands of jobs, and John said the
need for tribal housing -- particularly housing off the tribe's two main
territories -- has increased as a result.

In addition, the tribe sees the mortgage program as a good way to improve living
conditions for Senecas who now live in trailers on the Cattaraugus and Allegany
territories, John said.

Tribes perform varied roles under the program, but most at least offer housing
counseling and support for Native Americans looking to purchase homes. The loans
themselves are offered by private lenders, with the federal government insuring
them and thus taking on any risk that the borrowers might default.

The program had been confined to Indian reservations until about two years ago.
Since then, tribes have won the right to offer the loans to their members
statewide in 14 states.

"It's really helped grow the program," said Donna White, a public affairs
specialist at HUD.

The program now provides mortgages for about 1,300 Native Americans a year, HUD
said.

And while most tribes only offer the program in one state, two tribes have been
allowed to cross state lines with the program, the housing agency's data shows.

e-mail: jzremski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Institute of American Indian Arts has issued the following news release:

The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced $9.7
million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and
educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance
for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2013 The Trustees of Boston University
                       Review of Banking & Financial Law

                                  Spring, 2013

                       Review of Banking & Financial Law

                         32 Rev. Banking & Fin. L. 463

LENGTH: 21263 words

ARTICLE: FINANCING NATIVE NATIONS: ACCESS TO CAPITAL MARKETS

NAME: JENNY SMALL *

BIO:


* Boston University School of Law (J.D. 2013); Claremont McKenna College,
Economics & International Relations (B.A. 2007). Ms. Small thanks Professor Jay
Wexler for his review of her note and appreciates all the support and help of
the Review of Banking & Financial Law staff and editors, including Ryan Mulvey
and Matt Salda[#xF1]a for their many suggestions. She would also like to thank
her family for their support.

HIGHLIGHT: [E]very individual, therefore, endeavours as much as he can both to
employ his capital in the support of domestic industry, and so to direct that
industry that its produce may be of the greatest value . . . . He generally,
indeed, neither intends to promote the public interest, nor knows how much he is
promoting it . . . . [H]e intends only his own security . . . only his own gain,
and he is in this, as in many other cases, led by an invisible hand to promote
an end which was no part of his intention . . . . By pursuing his own interest
he frequently promotes that of the society more effectually than when he really
intends to promote it.  n1

TEXT:
 [*463]  I. Introduction

   Based on Adam Smith's premise that a free market creates wealth, there is
reason to believe that, given the proper access to free markets, Native
Americans would be better equipped to address the crippling poverty that plagues
their nations and to make significant economic contributions to wider society.
n2 One-third of reservation-based Native Americans fall below the poverty line,
and the nations governing these reservations, unable to spur economic
development,  [*464]  struggle to provide even the most basic services.  n3
According to a report published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
in 2012, "insufficient access to capital," including loans and home equity, is a
primary challenge to native nations' economic development.  n4 This lack of
access inhibits their ability to finance new projects, such as renewable energy,
which would benefit both the native nations and the United States.  n5 Yet,
despite their difficulty in accessing capital markets, native nations harbor
significant potential for economic growth due to their vast resources, land, and
sovereignty;  n6 so much so, in fact, that tribal finance expert Gavin Clarkson
dubbed them "America's domestic emerging market."  n7

   To achieve Adam Smith's ideal of wealth and prosperity, native nations must
have the same free market tools that are at the  [*465]  foundation of the
American economy.  n8 Scholars have advocated gaming as Native Americans' entry
to a free market.  n9 Others have argued that the economic strife of native
nations is partly the fault of "opportunistic" tribal governments.  n10 This
Note argues that there are many ways native nations can benefit from the free
market beyond the confines and illusory benefits of gaming. A more widespread
employment of tax-exempt bonds, as well as investment in native-owned banks that
are specifically chartered to serve Indian Country, would be an optimal strategy
for native nations to break into capital markets.  n11 Tax-exempt bonds would
open capital markets to each nation, while banking would open capital markets to
individuals and businesses.  n12

   This Note begins by addressing the causes of poverty and the evolution of
barriers to the free market in Indian Country.  n13 These barriers are a
byproduct of the federal government's historical policies towards Native
Americans that have resulted in debilitating poverty, limited liquidity of
assets, and exclusion from certain high-return investments.  n14 This Note then
advocates for two solutions that native nations have begun to employ through the
use of governmental bonds and the development of native-owned banking
institutions.  n15 Tax-exempt bonds could open the capital market to  [*466]
native nations.  n16 Under the Internal Revenue Service's ("IRS") interpretation
of federal law, native nations can offer tax-exempt bonds only for undefined
"essential governmental function[s]," a phrase described by one Congressional
Conference Committee Report as including "schools, streets, and sewers."  n17
This restrictive interpretation has long served as a barrier for native nations
attempting to raise capital through the issuance of bonds.  n18 This limitation
may disappear now that the Department of the Treasury has offered an
alternative, temporary program--the Tribal Economic Development Bonds program
("TEDB")--as part of the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.  n19 The
experimental program does not have the same restriction of "essential
governmental function[s]" and therefore, if successful, may lead to native
nations' broader authority to utilize tax-exempt bonds.  n20

   While increased bond issuance would help native nations initiate economic
development, Native American owned banks could open capital markets to
individual Native Americans and their businesses.  n21 As of 2012, there were
thirteen native-owned banks with federal or state charters.  n22 These banks
satisfy a need for  [*467]  banking services in the underserved Indian Country.
n23 By creating their own points of entry to the free market with tax-exempt
bonds and native-owned banking, native nations and Native Americans can overcome
the poverty that enchains them.

II. Barriers to Access to Capital Markets

A. Past Governmental Policies

   The eponymous "wall" of Wall Street was designed to protect New York City
from "Indian" attacks.  n24 Over time, the United States became less concerned
about attacks, but still perceived Native Americans as an "economic problem"
because they occupied land and consumed resources.  n25 In the states' fledgling
years, this problem served as a catalyst for a separation-of-powers struggle
between the judiciary and the executive branches.  n26 As the federal courts
sought to assert their authority, Chief Justice Marshall penned three decisions,
commonly referred to as the "Marshall trilogy," validating federal oversight of
Native Americans.  n27 The pivotal case of Johnson v. M'Intosh justified the
federal  [*468]  government's invalidation of Indian land rights based on
Marshall's "Doctrine of Discovery."  n28 After examining international law, the
Chief Justice explained that the "conqueror," and his rightful successors, could
exercise the "exclusive right" to "extinguish [Indian] title."  n29 The M'Intosh
case defined the parameters of federal Indian law and served to justify the
federal government's subsequent control over Indian property, rights, and
wealth.  n30 In the other two cases of the Marshall trilogy--Georgia v.
Worcester and Cherokee Nation v. Georgia--Chief Justice Marshall determined that
native nations should be considered "domestic dependent nations," a finding that
led to the development of a trustee-beneficiary relationship between the federal
government and native nations, while also limiting states' authority over Indian
Country.  n31

   During the same period of the Marshall trilogy, a broader national debate
raged over the balance of powers between the state and federal government.  n32
President Andrew Jackson rose to power with the help of the nascent,
anti-federalist Democratic Party,  n33 while Marshall continued to craft his
decisions as a means of strengthening the federalist position.  n34 Challenging
these decisions, President Jackson famously trumpeted, "John Marshall has made
his decision; now let him enforce it!"  n35 Shortly thereafter, even though the
Court had precluded Georgia's removal of Native Americans, Jackson defied the
Court and ordered the removal of Native Americans from  [*469]  their homelands,
an action that resulted in the infamous Cherokee Trail of Tears.  n36

   In the wake of this power struggle, the federal government grappled with its
role as trustee, oscillating between policies that rarely served Native
Americans.  n37 At times, policy-makers intended to help their wards, but did
not recognize the inherent destructive effects of their programs until the
damage had already been done.  n38 Two policies, in particular, drastically
marginalized native nations and their peoples: allotment and termination.  n39

   At the end of the nineteenth century, Congress passed allotment acts to
redistribute tribal lands to individual Native Americans with the intent of
inculcating the notion of property ownership and abolishing tribal systems.  n40
Allotment, however, severely eroded social stability, land-holdings, and wealth
among Native Americans because it led to massive land loss and "fractionation."
n41 The allotment program was based on the unfortunate premise that there were
surplus lands that the federal government could open to white settlers.  n42 It
also led to a significant  [*470]  loss of lands because many Native Americans
could not afford the land taxes and were left with no other option than to sell
their land to white settlers.  n43

   By the late 1920s, the federal government was beginning to recognize the
abhorrent conditions that arose through the allotment program.  n44 The
Brookings Institution published the Meriam Report in 1928, describing the
conditions plaguing Native Americans.  n45 The report spurred reform and helped
lead to the passage of the Indian Reorganization Act ("IRA").  n46 The IRA
stopped the division of lands under the allotment plan and provided for
self-government through tribal corporations.  n47 It also provided a means for
native nations to  [*471]  gain federal recognition for services to create
economic development corporations.  n48 Although certain challenges endure, the
IRA provided a foundation that native nations can use today to develop their
economies.  n49

   Although the IRA represented progress after the allotment era, through the
implementation of governmental policies such as termination, the federal
government continued to fail native nations.  n50 Following the Second World
War, Congress terminated federal protection of Indians with House Concurrent
Resolution 108.  n51 And beginning in 1954, Congress enacted several pieces of
legislation to terminate federal supervision of over 110 native nations.  n52
Congress justified these programs as "emancipation" or as "freeing the Indian."
n53 The cost of such freedom for many native nations, however, was complete
economic collapse.  n54 Prior to termination, the Menominee Nation, for example,
successfully paid for most of the services provided to their members with
revenue  [*472]  generated from their lumber mills.  n55 Indeed, the Menominee
were successful despite the federal government having negligently mismanaged
many of their trust resources, including timber.  n56 After termination, though,
the Menominee faced such high taxes that they could not keep operating their
mills at a profit.  n57 The change in tax status forced them to sell their land
just to "pay the bills."  n58 Termination left the Menominee with high
unemployment, widespread dependence on welfare, and a lack of basic services
such as access to healthcare.  n59 Many other native nations, including the
Klamath, suffered the same crippling effects.  n60

   Such erratic government policies have contributed to the disparate poverty
levels of Native Americans living on reservations in the United States, with
nearly one third falling below the poverty line.  n61 Native Americans are the
poorest group in the United States, with four out of the ten poorest U.S.
counties being located within Indian reservations.  n62 But poverty, of course,
is not innate to Native Americans; instead, it is their penalty for being forced
to coexist alongside "American civilization."  n63 On some reservations, like
Pine  [*473]  Ridge, surrounded by South Dakota, more than half of the people
are impoverished.  n64 Based on these depressing statistics, commentators have
designated native nations as the "fourth world."  n65

   Such poverty limits a native nation's ability to generate financing for
government services and economic development.  n66 Specifically, it precludes a
government from generating revenue through the levying of taxes.  n67 Although
the Supreme Court in Washington v. Confederated Tribes of Colville Reservation
recognized that native nations have the authority to levy taxes, legal
recognition alone cannot overcome the practical challenges that native nations
face when attempting to raise significant funds via taxation.  n68 High levels
of poverty generally prevent native nations from "hav[ing a] viable tax base and
. . . [instead they] need to develop creative ways to generate revenue."  n69
This federally-engineered poverty impedes capital development.  n70

    [*474]  B. Present Challenges

   Current governmental policies further perpetuate Native American poverty and
barriers to capital markets.  n71 Significant impediments for native nations'
capital development include restrictive federal trust policy and the omission of
native nations from favorable investment options.  n72 In other words, native
nations have few liquid assets because of trusts.  n73 Meanwhile, the language
of the Securities and Exchange Commission's interpretation of Regulation D,
omits native nations, precluding them from investing whatever liquid wealth they
do hold and preventing them from achieving any meaningful returns.  n74

   In the aftermath of the Marshall trilogy, the federal government's treatment
of native nations has been a delicate negotiation between their sovereignty and
federal guardianship.  n75 The most significant feature of federal protection
has been the trust relationship over lands of native nations.  n76 Due to the
perceived  [*475]  "inferiority" of native nations, the federal government
created trusts to regulate and oversee a variety of native nations' affairs.
n77 The federal government has construed its trust duties so as to prevent the
alienation of native lands.  n78 With the advent of the IRA, Congress stipulated
that Indian lands could not be transferred to non-heirs.  n79 While this policy
may prevent the type of harm that resulted during termination, when non-members
gained control of valuable lands at low prices, it also excludes Native
Americans from a powerful wealth maximizing opportunity.  n80

   The free market of land allows the transfer of wealth to the next generation
and provides a valuable asset that an individual can mortgage or sell to
generate funds.  n81 In an article citing native  [*476]  nations as the poorest
one percent of America, Forbes Magazine attributes high levels of poverty on the
roughly three hundred reservations to a lack of property rights.  n82 In the
article, Manny Jules, former chief of the British Columbia first nation,
Kamloops Indian Band, articulated the struggle that so many native nations face:



     "Markets haven't been allowed to operate in reserve lands," says
     Jules. "We've been legislated out of the economy. When you don't have
     individual property rights, you can't build, you can't be bonded, you
     can't pass on wealth. A lot of small businesses never get started
     because people can't leverage property [to raise funds].  n83


The trust relationship prevents land from being a property right in fee simple
absolute and as a result, Native Americans lose a primary means to access
capital markets.  n84

   Compounding the tragedy of property in trust, the federal government has
failed in its fiduciary duties to Native Americans.  n85 As mentioned with
regard to the Menominee's timber trusts, this guardian-ward relationship has at
times resulted in federal mismanagement of native resources.  n86 Even though
several decades  [*477]  have passed since the Bureau of Indian Affairs ("BIA")
mismanaged the Menominee's timber, the BIA has continued to neglect its
fiduciary duties.  n87 In 1996, Elouise Cobell, the treasurer for the Blackfeet
Nation, waged a class action legal battle against the Department of the Interior
and the Department of the Treasury because many Native Americans had not
received their money from land leases.  n88 The agencies could not account for
the funds.  n89 Accordingly, the court awarded the claimants $ 3.4 billion,
"represent[ing] the largest settlement ever approved against the United States
government."  n90

   Even if native nations and Native Americans had more liquid assets, omissions
in current government regulations limit their ability to benefit from one of the
most profitable investment vehicles.  n91 Regulation D of the Securities Act of
1933 appears to preclude native nations from acting as accredited investors.
n92 The regulation prevents native nations from investing their money in one of
the highest-return vehicles and, therefore, it partially "inhibit[s] capital
[*478]  formation and investment in Indian Country."  n93 Normally, under the
Securities Act of 1933, a company can sell its own securities to about eight
different categories of investors.  n94 These categories include banks, trusts,
charities, or even individuals with a net worth of over one million dollars.
n95 These categories, however, do not include language that could even be
interpreted as implying native nations.  n96 Accredited investors benefit from
being able to invest in a variety of vehicles, including some that are known for
including high pay-offs like hedge funds.  n97 Because hedge funds can offer
risky investments, preclusion of native nations may be yet another example of
the United States exercising its guardianship over native nations.  n98

   Although such preclusion may have been an oversight, the United States has
not seized at least one opportunity to correct it.  n99 In April 2012, Congress
enacted the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act ("JOBS Act").  n100 The JOBS Act
amended Regulation D, further  [*479]  enabling accredited investors greater
investment opportunities.  n101 Congress, however, did not amend Regulation D to
include native nations.  n102 In sum, historical and current federal policies
have left many native nations poverty-stricken with few liquid assets and few
opportunities to generate high-returns on their investments.  n103 Yet, despite
these barriers to capital, native nations are finding points of access to the
free market through tax-exempt bonds and native-owned banks.  n104

III. Bond Issuance

A. Utility of Bonds

   Burdened with illiquid assets and barriers to high-return investments, native
nations must find other means to access capital markets and develop their
economies.  n105 Tax-exempt bonds offer native nations the opportunity to access
much-needed capital.  n106 Although native nations face regulatory challenges
with tax-exempt bonds, their continued advocacy and a temporary Treasury program
will aid them in broadening their market access with bonds. Many state
governments use tax-exempt bonds to develop their economies.  n107 Native
nations do not have the same opportunity because the IRS interprets the 1982
Indian Tribal Government Tax Status Act (the "Tax Act"), codified at the
Internal Revenue Code  [*480]  § 7871, more narrowly.  n108 The Tax Act sought
to empower native nations by providing them some of the same resources that
states have for raising revenue.  n109 Nonetheless, Congress did not provide
express parity with states and deferred to the IRS to provide additional
guidance.  n110

   The IRS determined that native nations could only use tax-exempt bonds if
their projects constituted "essential governmental functions" that a state
"customarily" would do.  n111 Yet, it is unclear which activities constitute an
"essential governmental function."  n112 In many circumstances, where a state
has utilized a tax-exempt bond, the IRS has denied native nations the same
opportunity for the same purposes.  n113 For example, in 2002, the IRS evaluated
whether the Las Vegas Paiute Tribe's operation of a golf course conformed to the
criteria for the issuance of a tax-exempt bond, i.e., whether the golf course
served an "essential governmental function."  n114 After admitting that the term
"essential governmental function" is ambiguous and that governing court
precedent requires that statutes should "be construed liberally in favor of
Native Americans, with ambiguous provisions interpreted to their benefit," the
opinion  [*481]  disappears into redacted information.  n115 It is not clear why
the IRS redacted the sentences, nor is it clear how the opinion resulted in a
limited interpretation of the phrase.  n116 Tribal finance expert Gavin
Clarkson, however, highlighted the fact that when the IRS denies a project as
having an "essential governmental function," it bases its understanding of the
phrase on an evaluation of whether the activity in question "makes or saves
money" for non-tribal state or local governments.  n117

   With such restrictions and unreliability, native nations have struggled to
benefit from tax-exempt bonds like state and local governments do.  n118 From
1987 to 2010, native nations issued "less than one-tenth of one percent of the
total" of tax-exempt bonds in the United States.  n119 In addition to
regulations, native nations face heightened practical difficulties with
government bonds such as the risk of IRS audits.  n120 The IRS audits tribal
tax-exempt bonds thirty-three times more than it does other governmental
tax-exempt bonds.  n121 Together, the Tax Act and the subsequent IRS
interpretation exclude native nations from a source of funding that typically
empowers states.  n122

B. A New Program: Tribal Economic Development Bonds

   Recognizing that regulations were crippling native nations' ability to issue
bonds, Congress included a provision for native  [*482]  nations as part of the
American Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009.  n123 TEDB authorizes the U.S.
Department of the Treasury to "allocate . . . $ 2 billion" in interest-bearing
loans to native nations for economic development projects.  n124 The Internal
Revenue Code's limitations do not apply to these funds and native nations can
use them for projects beyond "essential governmental function[s]," even to make
payments on previously issued bonds.  n125 These allocations parallel the
authority that state and local governments have to issue tax-exempt bonds.  n126

   Although TEDB greatly expands native nations' ability to raise capital, it is
not an open market enterprise guided by an "invisible hand."  n127 The $ 2
billion limit is insufficient to meet the significant demand of native nations
with seventy-six projects sharing the funding.  n128 Relying on TEDB also puts
native nations at the mercy of politics.  n129 In August of 2011, Senator Coburn
of Oklahoma led a campaign to eliminate the program.  n130 Although the
initiative was unsuccessful, native nations still would be better  [*483]
served by changes in the Internal Revenue Code or changes in the IRS
interpretation, rather than be at the mercy of a debate regarding controversial
stimulus funds. Native nations do not need a temporary loan program; they need
the permanent ability to issue tax-exempt bonds like any other government has.
n131

   Although only a temporary loan program, TEDB has provoked Congress to
reevaluate the Tax Act.  n132 In May of 2012, the Senate Finance Committee held
a hearing on tax reform, discussing the ramifications for native nations.  n133
The hearing followed a Department of the Treasury report that recommended native
nations have parity with states for issuing tax-exempt bonds without the
burdensome and vague requirement of fulfilling an "essential governmental
function."  n134 In its report, the Treasury Department also evaluated various
comments on credit challenges for native nations and rejected one suggestion to
provide "[f]ederal guarantees to support Indian tribal tax-exempt bond
financings" because it felt the guarantees would undermine U.S. treasury bonds.
n135 The Treasury report contains substantial support for tribal bond parity
with states, even if Congress has yet to recognize the suggestions.  n136

   Despite the limitations and the uncertainty about whether reform will occur,
some native nations have forged ahead, financing innovative projects emblematic
of the potential that could happen with reform.  n137 For example, the Navajo
Nation has undertaken a new bond project to develop jobs and its economy.  n138
It represents the largest economic development project not using loans or gaming
funds for a native nation in over a decade.  n139 Because of the IRS  [*484]
constraints, only some of the bonds will be tax-exempt.  n140 Standard and Poor
issued the Navajo bond an A rating, which even California bonds do not receive.
n141 The Nation proposes using the funding for roughly fifty projects, including
construction of a tourist center.  n142

   On a smaller scale, in 2009, the Oneida Nation sought and received IRS
permission to issue tax-exempt bonds to raise money for an energy project.  n143
In a private letter ruling, the IRS found that the proposed operation of power
utilities constituted an "essential governmental function," and that the Oneida
Nation could issue tax-exempt bonds.  n144 These projects are but a sampling of
the development native nations can achieve through bond-issuance and are
indicative of their potential should native nations be given the authority to
issue tax-exempt bonds.  n145

   The 2009 recovery program represents a gradual shift to empowering native
nations to develop their economies with alternative means of financing.  n146 If
TEDB is successful, the experimental program may help to change the IRS
interpretation of section 7871's "essential governmental function."  n147 Even
if the IRS resists updating its interpretation, Congress may recognize the
wisdom in amending the statute to obviate the IRS interpretation.  n148 Better
access to capital markets would allow native nations to  [*485]  achieve wealth
creation and, perhaps, the sovereignty that has long eluded them, yet was once
theirs since "time immemorial."  n149

IV. Native-Owned Banks

A. The Need for Native Banking

   If bonds are instrumental for governments in accessing capital markets and
developing wealth, then banking plays a similar role for businesses and
individuals.  n150 Native-owned banking will provide greater market access for
Native Americans through increased credit opportunities and by creating a
competitive edge for the banks that can strategically benefit from the sovereign
status of their native nations. For years, Native Americans on reservations had
to drive at least thirty miles to access an ATM, giving rise to a barrier known
as the "buckskin curtain."  n151 This "buckskin curtain" pegged Native Americans
as easy targets for predatory lenders, who exploited them by imposing high
interest rates and fees.  n152 Predatory lending weakens the borrower's ability
to accumulate wealth, perpetuating his or her vulnerability to predatory
lending.  n153

   In a 2012 paper, the Federal Reserve identified the shortage of banking
institutions located near native communities as a primary  [*486]  barrier to
accessing capital markets.  n154 Even native businesses that have "adequate
collateral and good credit histories" struggle to obtain financing.  n155 Large
loans of more than $ 100,000 tend to be difficult for Native Americans and
native nations to obtain.  n156 Meanwhile, even Native Americans who are
relatively affluent have difficulty financing a home.  n157

   One possible partial solution to the "buckskin curtain" is to incentivize
non-native banks to provide the needed services to native nations.  n158 For
example, in 2006, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC")
encouraged banks to provide financial services to Native Americans as part of
the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA").  n159 Enacted in 1977, the CRA
encourages banks to meet all  [*487]  of their community's credit needs.  n160
Prior to 1977, banks were not investing in poorer communities, but instead
engaged in "redlining," which consists of either denying banking services (e.g.,
loans and mortgages) or discriminately charging higher prices for those
services.  n161 The CRA imposes an "affirmative obligation" on banks to provide
services on reasonable terms to low-income communities, which regulators enforce
through regular bank examinations.  n162 The OCC explains that by providing
loans to Native Americans, banks can "receive favorable consideration" by the
regulating agency during the CRA performance evaluation.  n163

   Similarly, the Indian Financing Act of 1974 authorizes the Department of the
Interior to guarantee almost the entire value of the loan, reducing the risk
that banks would face should Native American borrowers default.  n164 These
programs and others have provided paths through the buckskin curtain, but have
not yet torn it down.  n165

    [*488]  B. Traditional Private Lenders Largely Fail to Provide the Needed
Services

   Despite federal incentives, non-native private lenders still fall short in
providing the needed banking services.  n166 Because many native nations are
sovereign entities with their own legal systems, many banks find loans to be too
risky.  n167 The risk is two-pronged, involving both issues of sovereign
immunity and limited collateral options due to trust restrictions on land
alienation.  n168

   The sovereign immunity of native nations deters banks from providing loans
because banks worry about enforcing loan contracts.  n169 Even when native
nations waive their sovereign immunity, courts may subsequently deem the waiver
invalid.  n170 For example, an investment group engaging in business with the
Lac du Flambeau tribe was unaware of the requirement that the National Indian
Gaming Commission must approve any loan secured by gaming money.  n171 Although
the tribe had waived its sovereign  [*489]  immunity, a federal court held that
the waiver agreement was void because the tribe used gaming money to secure the
bonds without the required approval.  n172 While sovereignty issues could likely
be resolved through better drafting of agreements and additional due diligence,
the uncertainty could potentially increase the cost for banks doing business
with native nations and peoples.  n173

   Similarly, sovereignty means that many native nations have their own laws
that could govern business transactions and disputes, deterring some banks.
n174 Usually, state law governs business disputes and transactions.  n175
Nonetheless, the Supreme Court has carved out exceptions to state jurisdiction
and clarified that states have little jurisdiction when they do not have a
strong interest in the conflict.  n176 Accordingly, the Court's recognition of
tribal sovereignty under a narrow set of circumstances could compel tribal
jurisdiction over certain banking transactions.  n177

   Three cases have established the criteria for determining jurisdiction for a
civil action involving either Native Americans or  [*490]  native nations.  n178
Each case not only illustrates the complexities of jurisdiction that could deter
banks from engaging in business in Indian Country but also imposes a burden on
banks to consider jurisdictional issues as they negotiate.  n179 The three cases
set forth the potential adaptations banks may be forced to make while doing
business in native nations, ranging from minor adjustments to their business
practices to the comparatively higher burden of understanding tribal law.  n180

   First, in Strate v. A-1 Contractors, the Supreme Court elaborated that when a
state's interest is strong and tribal interest is weak, the state will likely
have governing authority.  n181 On a public highway that traversed the Fort
Berthold Reservation, but which was maintained by North Dakota, two drivers
crashed, giving rise to a personal injury lawsuit.  n182 While neither driver
was a member of the native nation, one party had children who were tribal
members and the other driver took the highway to perform landscaping services on
the reservation pursuant to a subcontract. Due to these various connections, the
case grappled with issues dealing with tribal jurisdiction.  n183 The Court
balanced these interests and determined that the native nation did not have a
strong interest in the case.  n184 Thus, when the federal government and native
nations' interests are minimal, the state will likely have jurisdiction.  n185
Accordingly, a bank's cost of business would only be minimally higher in its due
diligence to determine if Strate would apply.  n186

    [*491]  Second, in White Mountain Apache v. Bracker, a non-Indian logging
company entered into a contract with the tribe.  n187 The tribe cut down,
transported, and delivered trees to a sawmill; all conduct occurred on tribal
land.  n188 The State of Arizona attempted to tax these activities.  n189 The
Supreme Court, however, held that because the federal government had enacted
comprehensive laws governing timber production, state taxation would interfere
with the "federal regulatory scheme."  n190 The case shows that the federal
government's interest, articulated through comprehensive regulation, will
preempt a state's authority.  n191 Accordingly, a bank's preparation for a deal
would involve research into federal regulations that could alter the
jurisdiction should a dispute arise.  n192

   In the final pivotal case, Montana v. United States, the Court analyzed the
reach of tribal jurisdiction over non-members.  n193 The Crow Tribe of Montana
wished to regulate hunting and fishing activities of non-members on their lands.
n194 The Supreme Court recognized a degree of "inherent sovereign power."  n195
Native nations have the authority to regulate non-members who consent to engage
in activity on their lands.  n196 Therefore, although Montana held that there
was no "tribal civil jurisdiction" over the hunters and fishers, it clarifies
that contractual agreements with tribes on tribal land often result in tribal
jurisdiction.  n197 Therefore, in a case arising from a contractual dispute
between a native nation and a lender about business occurring on Indian land,
the native nation would likely have jurisdiction unless the contract provided
otherwise.  n198  [*492]  Accordingly, banks may find developing the expertise
to navigate tribal law to be too costly.  n199

   The legal precedent of these three foundational cases on civil Indian law
requires banks to understand Indian law when they structure their transactions
with native nations so as to avoid winding up in tribal court.  n200 Tribal
jurisdiction can be particularly daunting because it involves tribal law, which
may impose an additional transactional cost.  n201 With more than 500 federally
recognized nations, the diversity of laws likely serves as another deterrent for
banks considering doing business in Indian Country.  n202 Some nations, like the
Navajo Nation, have rather clear codes and offer non-members the opportunity to
join the nation's bar association.  n203 Other nations have not provided such a
clear rulebook.  n204

    [*493]  To reduce some of the uncertainties and increase the efficiency of
lending, the Uniform Law Commission promulgated the Model Tribal Secured
Transactions Act ("MTSTA") to govern borrowing.  n205 This act "encourage[s] the
harmonization of state and Indian law."  n206 In 2006, the Crow Tribe adopted
the MTSTA, translating key ideas into Crow.  n207 The Crow Tribe's example might
compel more nations to adopt the MTSTA and reduce one of the barriers to
banking.  n208 Nonetheless, one scholar writing for the American Indian Law
Review warned that adopting the MTSTA could "signal to [a nation's] inhabitants
and to off-reservation businesspeople that it intends to amalgamate into the
larger American economic system."  n209 Such assimilation raises concerns
because of the historically misguided federal policies that led to many of the
problems that continue to plague native nations today.  n210  [*494]  Although
stakeholders, like banks, should be sensitive toward assimilation concerns,
these concerns should not outweigh the potential of improving banking services
for Native Americans.  n211

   Banks also hesitate to provide needed services because native nations and
Native Americans often cannot provide the required collateral of land.  n212
Although an executive for Wells Fargo recognized that the impediments to native
banking are comparable to doing business with other regulated industries or
international companies, the regulations governing business transactions in
native nations are different enough to be of significant concern for banks.
n213 For example, federal law controls trust property and precludes native
nations from using their lands as collateral.  n214 The trusts increase the
difficulties of providing the collateral because the native nation must lease
the land to a tribal entity, which in turn can "grant a leasehold mortgage
interest."  n215 The BIA must approve each lease, adding yet another level of
complexity to a normally routine transaction.  n216 One scholar wryly mused,
"[g]iven the lack of home ownership in Indian Country, it is difficult to
imagine the items of value that desperately poor Indians would pledge as
collateral."  n217

   In an effort to reduce the bureaucracy, the Helping Expedite and Advance
Responsible Tribal Homeownership ("HEARTH") Act will authorize native nations to
enact their own regulations about land leases.  n218 This development aims to
"streamline" the process for  [*495]  Native Americans seeking to obtain loans
through the Housing and Urban Development and other federal agencies.  n219
However, HEARTH merely addresses a peripheral problem Native Americans face when
navigating the bureaucracy attendant to leasing their lands, and it does not
address the primary market-access question of alienable land for collateral
purposes.  n220 Despite the uniform tribal code and federal incentives to
increase banking services in Indian Country, Native Americans still simply do
not have adequate access to credit or capital.  n221

C. Native Banking Today

   Despite all odds, Native American-owned banks are now filling the vacuum, and
Native Americans are beginning to reap the benefits.  n222 Native American-owned
banks represent a means for native empowerment without Native Americans needing
to "assimilate" in the manner that has been demanded of them throughout history.
n223 For native banks, the venture may be worthwhile because it fills a gap in
the market while contributing to the public interest.  n224

    [*496]  In 2000, there were seven native-controlled banks.  n225 By March of
2012, the Federal Reserve identified thirteen banking institutions affiliated
with Native Americans.  n226 Despite the progress of minority-owned banks in the
U.S., Native American ownership is still among the lowest, slightly below the
fifteen banks owned by Hispanic individuals and slightly above the seven banks
owned by Caucasian women.  n227 Eight of the thirteen banks are located in
Oklahoma, and the majority of the banks received charters under state law.  n228
In addition, eleven of the banks are part of bank holding companies.  n229

   Only two of the banks were originally established with Native American
ownership: the Lumbee Guaranty Bank and the Native American Bank.  n230 Lumbee
Guaranty Bank began in 1971 and represents the oldest still-existing bank with
Native American ownership.  n231 Native American Bank is one of the few entirely
native-owned banks, with twenty native nations as its owners.  n232 It
originated from a merger of Elouise Cobell's Black Feet National Bank with
additional investment from several other nations.  n233 While native-owned banks
represent a small percentage of the banking  [*497]  industry, they have an
instrumental role in facilitating the economic development of the native nations
they serve.  n234

D. The Role of Native-Owned Banks in Native Nations

   Many native-owned banks are as motivated by profit as they are by making
access to capital markets affordable for Native Americans.  n235 Native-owned
banks aim to improve banking services for Native Americans and develop their
respective economies.  n236 For example, they can set appropriate criteria such
as accepting collateral other than land.  n237 As previously discussed, the
trust arrangement with the Department of the Interior makes the use of land as
collateral a significant logistical problem for native persons attempting to
obtain loans.  n238 Native-owned banks are more receptive to accepting other
forms of collateral for the loans they make.  n239 In an effort to find another
source of collateral, the Woodlands National Bank collaborated with its owner,
Mille Lacs Band, and bought certificates of deposit to serve as collateral for
individual loans.  n240

    [*498]  Without native banking and creative collateral, the common wisdom is
that the only way for Native Americans to have nice homes is to move away from
native lands to other communities where they may have a better chance of
securing a mortgage.  n241 According to the 2010 census, only 22% of
self-identified Native Americans lived on native lands.  n242 Some Native
Americans have been determined to build their homes in their communities, even
if it means a decade of construction because loans are unavailable.  n243 In
1998, the Washington Post chronicled Chester Carl's incremental construction of
his home over eight years by using his paychecks to slowly buy building
supplies.  n244 Native banking can provide a means for Native Americans, like
Chester Carl, to get loans to build their homes despite not having land to offer
as collateral.  n245

   Similarly, the "American Dream" seemed to be out of reach for Native
Americans seeking to establish small businesses.  n246 As of 2002, there were
only about 200,000 native-owned small businesses in the United States, a number
exceeding only the number of small businesses owned by Hawaiians and Pacific
Islanders.  n247 According to 2007 census data, native-owned businesses
accounted for less than 1% of all businesses in the United States.  n248
Furthermore, native-owned  [*499]  businesses represented less than 5% of
minority businesses in the United States.  n249 This scarcity of native-owned
business has economic ramifications for each and every native community.  n250
Small businesses help promote economic welfare because they compel local
spending, create jobs, increase money circulation, and provide a tax base.  n251

   Native American businesses must find alternative collateral; without it, they
have difficulty obtaining even the smallest of loans.  n252 One café owner of
the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate could not even get a loan for $ 5,000.  n253
However, because native banking presents creative lending solutions for
businesses, the café owner was able to secure a loan from the Four Bands
Community Fund, a community development financial institution.  n254 Char's Café
opened  [*500]  in April of 2012 and has received mostly good reviews from the
community on Yelp and Urban Spoon.  n255 Native-owned banks have quickly
responded to the financial needs in Indian Country; with further development,
they could drastically transform the lending landscape.  n256

E. Challenges for Native-Owned Banks

   The native-owned banking model is not without risks and regulatory
challenges. In 2011, the Navajo Nation lost its $ 1.25 million collateral for a
loan from the Native American Bank to a small business for an unsuccessful egg
farm.  n257 An audit revealed that the egg farm's operations were
"questionable."  n258 This type of experience should serve as a warning that
native nations must develop practices to effectively evaluate the viability of
the companies in which they invest.  n259

   Meanwhile, native banks must also navigate regulatory compliance.  n260 After
the financial crisis, all banks became subject to heightened regulation.  n261
Although native banks were hardly responsible for instigating the crisis, the
response to the 2008 financial crisis was comprehensive, and regulators have
demanded stronger capital requirements, regardless of bank size.  n262 For
example, in 2008, the OCC issued a cease-and-desist order to the  [*501]  Native
American Bank in Colorado.  n263 Bauer Financial, which evaluates banks, found
Native American Bank to be "troubled" based on the number of loans in default,
the bank's income, and its weak capital under the new standards.  n264 Native
banking, therefore, can be a profitable venture for banks with a niche market
and beneficial for individuals and businesses, but it carries risks.  n265

F. Formation & Organization of Native Banks

   Native nations can establish banks either under a national charter granted by
the OCC or through a state regulator.  n266 If native nations are looking for a
more flexible banking form, they can also explore organizing a bank holding
company as a native corporation under IRA section 17.  n267 Native nations,
however, should avoid starting a bank as a tribally chartered entity because
federal regulators do not recognize such entities and depositors may not trust
them.  n268

   Currently, there are at least three tribal banks: the Glacier International
Depository, owned by the Blackfeet Tribe, and two entities in Oklahoma.  n269
The OCC, however, has often refused to recognize these entities because they
hesitate to waive their sovereign immunity when requested by the OCC.  n270
Tribally chartered banks, characterized as "off-shore banking . . . on shore,"
[*502]  escape federal and state banking regulations because of their
sovereignty.  n271 While avoiding some of these regulations may be beneficial to
tribal banks, the arrangement also deprives them of federal deposit insurance
because the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act is silent on tribal
institutions.  n272 Even though it may be legally feasible for tribal banks to
set up their own deposit insurance, as states did prior to the creation of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933,  n273 depositors simply may not
have confidence in those systems and may be uncertain about their rights in the
case of a bank failure.  n274 The lack of a deposit safety net is cause enough
to alienate customers.  n275

   Tribal banks without federal recognition also stoke consumers' and
regulators' fears about shell banks and other similar scams.  n276 In the late
1990s, a tribally chartered bank in Anadarko, Oklahoma represented a means for
off-shore banking within the boundaries of the United States.  n277 The Delaware
Tribe of Oklahoma established First Lenape Bank in December of 1996 and began
Swiss-like banking practices, purposefully failing to disclose information to
the IRS and refusing to comply with civil enforcement actions, such as
garnishments.  n278 The owners exploited a loophole in banking and federal
Indian law because there were no explicit restrictions on this type of banking.
n279 Nonetheless, state and federal regulators issued alerts to potential
banking partners and engaged the bank in discussion.  n280

    [*503]  In 1997, it appeared the federal government would have little
leverage over First Lenape because of the Delaware nation's sovereignty.  n281
By 2005, however, the Tenth Circuit was lambasting the bank in a criminal
proceeding against the founders of an investment fund.  n282 It appears that
First Lenape Bank was not even a legitimate tribal bank, but rather was a
"shell," part of a scheme to swindle depositors out of their money.  n283 In
order to avoid the specter of First Lenape Bank, native nations who wish to
assure investors and depositors of their credibility should opt for organizing
with a federal or state charter.

   Alternatively, native nations looking for a unique means to organize may opt
to organize as a section 17 bank holding company.  n284 While most native banks
have state or federal charters from the OCC, the holding company of Eagle Bank,
Salish and Kootenai Bancorporation, is organized under section 17 of the Indian
Reorganization Act ("IRA").  n285 The IRA authorizes native nations to create
tribal organizations under sections 16 and 17.  n286 Native nations use Section
16 to organize as tribal corporations.  n287 Typically, section 16 serves for
native nations to operate as constitutional  [*504]  governments if they do not
have a supporting treaty or executive order.  n288

   Congress later added section 17 as a buffer between governmental functions
and economic activities, authorizing native nations to operate as corporations.
n289 According to the Department of the Interior's interpretation, section 17
charters are only available to "tribes," not native businesses or individuals.
n290 Born in an era in which policymakers considered native nations incompetent
at handling their own affairs, section 17 includes a section that requires the
Secretary of the Interior to approve any charter.  n291

   Only the Salish and Kootenai Bancorporation has chosen to organize this way,
with its primary bank, Eagle Bank, chartered under state law.  n292 Because so
few entities have chosen this type of structure, the advantages and
disadvantages are still unclear but likely include beneficial tax treatment and
the remote possibility that an entity might escape regulations that would
normally apply to bank holding companies.  n293

   Native banks can gain a competitive advantage over other banks by organizing
their operations to limit their tax exposure.  n294 Because section 17
represents an alternative way for native nations to organize their governments,
corporations share the same sovereignty status of the native nation.  n295
Accordingly, section 17 corporations do  [*505]  not have to pay federal income
tax under IRS guidelines.  n296 The advantage is limited only to corporations
controlled by a native nation because native nations are sovereign entities.
n297 Because banks normally pay federal income tax, a bank that avoids such a
tax can distribute the benefit to its customers, further increasing access to
capital markets.  n298

   A native bank can further benefit from sovereignty under section 17 by
exploiting an omission in the Bank Holding Company Act that fails to expressly
extend holding company regulations to this type of entity.  n299 In 1996, the
Federal Reserve Board issued guidance on the application of the Bank Holding
Company ("BHC") Act to native-owned banks.  n300 The opinion resulted in two
fundamental conclusions: First, a native nation is not subject to the BHC Act
because the Federal Reserve has recognized native nations as sovereigns not
companies.  n301 Second, the opinion concluded that, were "a company or similar
organization [a] Tribe controlled owned or controlled Bank, that organization
would be a 'company' under the BHC Act."  n302 The opinion, however, is silent
on section 17 entities.  n303 The term "company" may include such organizational
structures, yet these types of companies arguably could receive favorable tax
status because they are considered equivalent to a native nation and the BHC Act
expressly exempts native nations from being regulated as companies.  n304 Thus,
perhaps section 17 corporations can also escape the BHC Act regulations. The
core considerations for organizing a bank--including deposit insurance, consumer
confidence, and regulatory framework-- still guide native-owned banks' founders,
but these banking entrepreneurs also have  [*506]  some additional flexibility
in the structure they choose because of each native nation's sovereign status.
n305

G. The Future of Native Banking: Regulatory Opportunities

   Regardless of how native banks organize themselves, they have great potential
to continue to help native nations and Native Americans access capital markets.
Their sovereign status engenders opportunities to shape their regulatory
landscape with proposed amendments and exploitation of ambiguities in
regulations.  n306

   Native banks will continue to develop by attempting to influence legislation.
n307 For example, Native American Bank would like to be able to set up branches
on or near reservations.  n308 Yet, the McFadden Act, and its subsequent
modification under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency
Act, precluded interstate branching without a state's permission.  n309 Native
nations and banks lobbied Congress to amend the McFadden Act once again to
remove this restriction.  n310 In 2007, the Native American Bank submitted an
amendment to Congress that would allow native-owned banks to operate on Indian
land even if they received their charter from another state.  n311 Similarly,
the Rosebud Sioux Tribe hired Holland & Knight to lobby Congress to amend the
McFadden Act in 2009.  n312 In that same year, Hawaii Senator Daniel Inouye
introduced  [*507]  the Indian Reservation Bank Branch Act of 2009 to achieve
this goal.  n313 The bill "died," but the push for interstate branching became a
reality with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
("Dodd-Frank Act").  n314 Under section 613 of the Dodd-Frank Act, any national
bank will have the opportunity to open a branch in another state.  n315 As the
provision takes effect, native-owned banks will surely seize the opportunity.

   Even without amendments, native nations can continue to gain ground in
banking by collaborating with regulators to encourage favorable statutory
interpretation, such as with the Federal Reserve Act.  n316 Federal regulators
have yet to provide clear guidance as to whether a native nation constitutes an
affiliate of a native-owned bank under sections 23A and 23B of the Federal
Reserve Act.  n317 In 1933, Congress passed the Federal Reserve Act in response
to the Great Depression.  n318 Congress was concerned about preferential loans,
in which banks were providing loans with better terms to affiliates.  n319 The
regulations mandated secured collateral for lending to affiliates and, in 1987,
Congress also demanded arms-length transactions between banks and their
affiliates.  n320 The regulation enumerates a definition of "affiliate"
including "companies."  n321 Yet, native nations and their subdivisions do not
constitute companies.  n322  [*508]  Although federal regulators recommend that
native banks voluntarily agree to follow the regulation, it is not clear whether
there is an incentive to do so.  n323

   Similarly, any native-owned bank holding company faces different regulations
than other bank holding companies.  n324 Native nations with any type of bank
holding company do not need to divest their other non-banking activities, which
typically the BHC Act mandates for bank holding companies.  n325 Usually, a bank
holding company cannot own non-banking entities.  n326 This regulation aims to
prevent the moral hazards arising from commingling commerce and banking.  n327
Although the regulation strives to prevent financial disaster, regulators have
apparently determined that the risk of such disaster does not warrant its
application to native nations.  n328 Native-owned banks have many opportunities
and different ways to organize themselves to increase access to capital for
their communities.

IV. Conclusion

   Years of poorly devised governmental policies, including allotment and
termination, have left many native nations impoverished.  n329 Although native
nations lack the opportunity to realistically tax their populations, have only
limited access to much of their real wealth, face restrictions on investing in
some of the best market-instruments like hedge funds, and struggle to secure
loans, they are innovating unique entry points into capital markets.  n330 For
the most part, the success of their projects derives from strategic uses of
tax-exempt bonds and banking institutions.  n331

   The likely successes from the experimental American Recovery Act TEDB will
support arguments for removing restrictions from native nations so they can have
parity with state  [*509]  governments in their ability to issue governmental
bonds.  n332 The "essential governmental function" requirement unfairly inhibits
native nations' ability to pursue needed projects.  n333 Yet, because the term
is vague, native nations can argue for favorable interpretations to promote
projects that states already pursue.  n334

   Meanwhile, establishing banks with tailored lending methods provides
individuals, businesses, and communities with access to capital markets and
development.  n335 If traditional banks were providing the needed services as
encouraged by the CRA, native nations would not need their own banks and could
use their initial capital for other needed development.  n336 Nonetheless,
native nations have shown that they are prepared to develop their own means to
access capital markets.  n337 In order to maximize the potential of operating
banking entities, native nations should establish bank holding companies under
section 17 and continue to seek amendments to other regulations like the
McFadden Act.  n338 Although there are uncertainties in how regulations would
apply to some native banking entities, the time is ripe to shape the laws.  n339
With some ingenuity, native nations can have the key to accessing capital
markets, and in so doing, preserving their sovereignty and wealth.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Estate, Gift & Trust LawTrustsGeneral OverviewGovernmentsNative AmericansGeneral
OverviewSecurities LawExemptions From RegistrationExempt TransactionsRegulation
D Exemptions

FOOTNOTES:





n1  ADAM SMITH, AN INQUIRY INTO THE NATURE AND CAUSES OF WEALTH OF NATIONS
IV.2.9 (Edwin Cannan ed., 5th ed. 1904) (1776), available at
http://www.econlib.org/library/Smith/smWN13.html#B.IV.





n2  Compare id., with Nicholas D. Kristof, Poverty's Poster Child, N.Y. TIMES,
May 10, 2012, at A29 (identifying lack of investment as one of the reasons for
stagnating poverty); see also Robert J. Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs:
Unique Challenges, Unlimited Potential, 40 ARIZ. ST. L.J. 1297, 1298 (2008); Dao
Lee Bernardi-Boyle, State Corporations for Indian Reservations, 26 AM. INDIAN L.
REV. 41, 41 (2001).





n3  Poverty and Possibilities in Indian Country, INDIAN REP. (Friends Comm. on
Nat'l Legislation, D.C.), Spring 2012, at 1, available at
http://fcnl.org/assets/pubs/indian_report/IR_Spring_2012_d4.pdf (describing that
one in three Native Americans on reservations live in poverty and Native
Americans on such reservations struggle "to make a living."); see also Robert J.
Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country: Will Capitalism or Socialism
Succeed?, 80 OR. L. REV. 757, 758-59 (2001).





n4  SUSAN WOODROW, GROWING ECONOMIES IN INDIAN COUNTRY: TAKING STOCK OF PROGRESS
AND PARTNERSHIPS 4 (Bd. Of Governors of the Fed. Reserve, 2012), available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/conferences/GEIC-white-paper-20120501.p
df.





n5  Rob Capriccioso, Tribes Urged to Support Renewable Energy Legislation,
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (June 26, 2009),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/mobile/ictarchives/2009/06/26/tribes-u
rged-to-support-renewable-energy-legislation-82389; see also Miller, Economic
Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 837; Bernardi-Boyle, supra note
2, at 41.





n6  Richard J. Ansson, Jr. & Ladine Oravetz, Tribal Economic Development: What
Challenges Lie Ahead for Tribal Nations as They Continue to Strive for Economic
Diversity?, 11 KAN. J.L. & PUB. POL'Y 441, 443 (2002) ("Sovereignty is best
defined as the vested powers of self-government, self-control,
self-determination, and self-actualization.").





n7  See Gavin Clarkson, Accredited Indians: Increasing the Flow of Private
Equity into Indian Country as a Domestic Emerging Market, 80 U. COLO. L. REV.
285, 285 (2009); see also Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2,
at 1319 ("American Indians and nations have survived several hundred years of
active political, social, and economic oppression, and even genocide; but they
are still growing in population and strength everyday. Those facts tell me that
the potential for Indian entrepreneurship and the improvement of Indian and
tribal economic conditions is unlimited.").





n8  Cf. Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 798
(arguing that federal policies have fostered socialist-type economies in Indian
Country and describing the need for small business development); see also
Bernardi-Boyle, supra note 2, at 43.





n9  See generally Jess Green, Economic Development and Gaming, 9 ST. THOMAS L.
REV. 149, 151 (1996) (citing 25 U.S.C. § 2701(1) (1994)).





n10  Terry L. Anderson & Dominic P. Parker, Sovereignty, Credible Commitments,
and Economic Prosperity on American Indian Reservations, 51 J.L. & ECON. 641,
641 (2008) ("Because this poverty cannot be explained solely by natural
resource, physical, and human capital constraints, institutions are likely to be
part of the explanation. One of the institutional variables is the sovereign
power of tribes, which allows tribal governments to act opportunistically.").





n11  18 U.S.C. § 1151 (2006) (defining "Indian Country" as land within the
boundaries of reservations, "Indian communities," and allotment lands); see
discussion infra Parts III, IV.





n12  See discussion infra Parts III, IV.





n13  See discussion infra Part II.





n14  See discussion infra Part II.





n15  See discussion infra Parts III, IV.





n16  See discussion infra Part III.





n17  Indian Tribal Governmental Tax Status Act, 26 U.S.C. § 7871 (2006)
(describing instances in which "Indian tribal governments [are] treated as
states."); see also RAYMOND C. ETCITTY, I.R.S. ADVISORY COMM. ON TAX EXEMPT AND
GOV'T ENTITIES, TRIBAL ADVICE AND GUIDANCE POLICY II-8 (2004),
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-tege/act_rpt3_part2.pdf (citations omitted).





n18  See discussion infra Part II.





n19  See generally American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No.
111-5, 123 Stat. 115 (2009) (Section 1402 "Tribal Economic Development Bonds");
see also U.S. DEP'T OF THE TREAS., REPORT & RECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS
REGARDING TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT BOND PROVISION UNDER SECTION 7871 OF THE
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 10 (2011),
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/economic-policy/tribal
-policy/Documents/Report%20to%20Congress%20-%20Tribal%20Economic%20Development%2
0Bonds%20-%20FINAL%2012.19.11.pdf (hereinafter Report to Congress on Section
7871).





n20  See discussion infra Part II.





n21  See discussion infra Part IV.





n22  Minority Owned Banks, FED. RESERVE BANK, (Sept. 30, 2012),
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/mob/current/default.htm [hereinafter
Minority-Owned Banks.].





n23  See discussion infra Part IV.





n24  Gavin Clarkson, Wall Street Indians: Information Asymmetry and Barriers to
Tribal Capital Market Access, 12 LEWIS & CLARK L. REV. 943, 943 (2008).





n25  See ROBERT T. ANDERSON ET AL., AMERICAN INDIAN LAW: CASES AND COMMENTARY 15
(Thomson Reuters/West 2d ed. 2010) (quoting STEPHEN CORNELL, THE RETURN OF THE
NATIVE: AMERICAN INDIAN POLITICAL RESURGENCE 6-7 (1988)).





n26  See generally Matthew L.M. Fletcher, The Iron Cold of the Marshall Trilogy,
82 N.D. L. REV. 627, 642 (2006) ("As an aging Chief Justice whose Court was
coming apart around him, he faced the prospect of losing the Court's legitimacy
in cases of judicial review of state court decisions and statutes.").





n27  Ann E. Tweedy, Connecting the Dots Between the Constitution, the Marshall
Trilogy, and United States v. Lara: Notes Toward A Blueprint for the Next
Legislative Restoration of Tribal Sovereignty, 42 U. MICH. J.L. REFORM 651, 664
(2009); see generally Worcester v. Georgia, 31 U.S. 515 (1832) (recognizing
"Cherokee nation to be a sovereign nation."); Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30
U.S. 1 (1831) (finding tribes are "domestic dependent nations," not "foreign
nations."); Johnson v. M'Intosh, 21 U.S. 543 (1823) (declaring that Native
American tribes do not have a right to sell land to private individuals).





n28  Johnson, 21 U.S. at 543.





n29  Id. at 586.





n30  See id. at 543.





n31  See Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. at 1 (finding tribes are "domestic dependent
nations," not "foreign nations."); accord Worcester, 31 U.S. at 515 (recognizing
the "Cherokee nation to be a sovereign nation.").





n32  Hope M. Babcock, The Stories We Tell, and Have Told, About Tribal
Sovereignty: Legal Fictions at Their Most Pernicious, 55 VILL. L. REV. 803, 810
(2010).





n33  Id.





n34  Id. at 805.





n35  Id.; Taylor Henderson, Five Tribes' Water Rights: Examining the Aamodt
Adjudications Mechem Doctrine to Predict Tribal Water Rights Litigation Outcomes
in Oklahoma, 36 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 125, 139-40 n.117 (2012) (quoting President
Jackson) ("In response to the Court's decision in Worcester v. Georgia,
President Jackson reportedly remarked, 'John Marshall has made his decision; now
let him enforce it!'").





n36  Bradford D. Cooley, Note, The Navajo Uranium Ban: Tribal Sovereignty v.
National Energy Demands, 26 J. LAND RESOURCES & ENVTL. L. 393, 402 (2006);
Henderson, supra note 35, at 137.





n37  Saikrishna Prakash, Against Tribal Fungibility, 89 CORNELL L. REV. 1069,
1117 (2004).





n38  See Kenneth H. Bobroff, Retelling Allotment: Indian Property Rights and the
Myth of Common Ownership, 54 VAND. L. REV. 1559, 1610 (2001) ("By 1934, when
Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act officially ending allotment of
reservations, whites had obtained title to 86 million acres of Indian land,
leaving Indians with only 52 million acres, less than 40 percent of what they
had owned fifty years before.").





n39  See infra notes 40-60 and accompanying text.





n40  Judith V. Royster, The Legacy of Allotment, 27 ARIZ. ST. L.J. 1, 6 (1995).
But see Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 812
("This era in federal Indian policy also had the explicit goals of breaking up
tribal ownership of land, ending tribal existence, and, most importantly,
opening reservation lands to non-Indian settlement. In fact, the desire of
non-Indians to own reservation lands and to open tribal lands and assets to the
American economy may have been the prime motivation behind the allotment
policy.").





n41  See generally Jered T. Davidson, Comment, This Land is Your Land, This Land
is My Land? Why the Cobell Settlement Will Not Resolve Indian Land Fractionation
, 35 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 575 (2010).





n42  Bobroff, supra note 38, at 1610-1611; Angelique EagleWoman, Tribal Nations
and Tribalist Economics: The Historical and Contemporary Impacts of
Intergenerational Material Poverty and Cultural Wealth Within the United States,
49 WASHBURN L.J. 805, 817 (2010) ("Through designation of 'surplus lands,'
Native Americans lost over sixty million acres as the United States
redistributed tribal lands.").





n43  Bobroff, supra note 38, at 1610-1611; EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 816-17
("By 1934, approximately 27 million acres, or two-thirds of all the land
allotted to tribal members, had passed by sale or involuntary transfer from the
Indian fee owner into non-Indian ownership.") (quoting COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF
FEDERAL INDIAN LAW 1042 (Nell Jessup Newton et al. eds., 2005 ed.)).





n44  See CHARLES WILKINSON, BLOOD STRUGGLE: THE RISE OF MODERN INDIAN NATIONS 58
(W.W. Norton & Co., 2005) (describing the national interest in Indian affairs,
which started up in the 1920s); Royster, The Legacy of Allotment, supra note 40,
at 16 (describing issuance of the Meriam Report, which documented the harmful
effects of allotment).





n45  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 44; see also Davidson, supra note 41, at 585
("[The Merriam Report was] a nine-hundred-page document recounting the plight of
Native Americans, giving great detail on the effects of fractionation. The
report, which was independent from the government, examined the 'economic,
social, cultural, and physical well-being of the tribes.'").





n46  See WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 58-60; see also Yuanchung Lee,
Rediscovering the Constitutional Lineage of Federal Indian Law, 27 N.M. L. REV.
273, 318 (1997) (describing the Meriam Report as "hint[ing] at the possibility
of a new dawn in Indian policy"). But see Davidson, supra note 41, at 585
(explaining that John Collier's charge of the Department of the Interior "was
equally momentous.").





n47  Keith Cable, Note, Rosebud v. South Dakota: How Does Tribal Sovereignty
Affect the Determination of State Jurisdiction on Reservation Highways?, 36 S.D.
L. REV. 400, 406 (1991); see also Miller, Economic Development in Indian
Country, supra note 3, at 817; Christopher A. Karns, Note, County of Yakima v.
Confederated Tribes & Bands of the Yakima Indian Nation: State Taxation As A
Means of Diminishing the Tribal Land Base, 42 AM. U. L. REV. 1213, 1223-24
(1993).





n48  Cable, supra note 47; see also Miller, Economic Development in Indian
Country, supra note 3, at 818.





n49  See discussion infra Part D; see also Judith V. Royster, Tribal Energy
Development: Renewables and the Problem of the Current Statutory Structures, 31
STAN. ENVTL. L.J. 91, 111-12 (2012).





n50  See generally supra and infra notes 38-60 and accompanying text (describing
allotment, termination, and other governmental policies which harmed Indians).





n51  Catherine M. Ovsak, Comment, Reaffirming the Guarantee: Indian Treaty
Rights to Hunt and Fish Off-Reservation in Minnesota, 20 WM. MITCHELL L. REV.
1177, 1193 (1994).





n52  Michael C. Walch, Note, Terminating the Indian Termination Policy, 35 STAN.
L. REV. 1181, 1186 (1983).





n53  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 64, 66; see also H.R. Con. Res. 108, 67 Stat.
B132 (1953) ("That it is declared to be the sense of Congress that, at the
earliest possible time, all of the Indian tribes and the individual members
thereof located within the States of California, Florida, New York, and Texas,
and all of the following named Indian tribes and individual members thereof,
should be freed from Federal supervision and control and from all disabilities
and limitations specifically applicable to Indians . . . ."); Lynn Huntsinger &
Lucy Diekmann, The Virtual Reservation: Land Distribution, Natural Resource
Access, and Equity on the Yurok Forest, 50 NAT. RESOURCES J. 341, 356 (2010).





n54  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 82; see also Miller, Economic Development in
Indian Country, supra note 3, at 817.





n55  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 71.





n56  Id. at 71-72.





n57  Id. at 82; see also Robert N. Clinton, Isolated in Their Own Country: A
Defense of Federal Protection of Indian Autonomy and Self-Government, 33 STAN.
L. REV. 979, 1046 (1981) ("It is reported that after 1967, county tax
obligations amounted to twice the corporation's net income.").





n58  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 82.





n59  Id.; see also Philip P. Frickey, Congressional Intent, Practical Reasoning,
and the Dynamic Nature of Federal Indian Law, 78 CAL. L. REV. 1137, 1179 (1990).





n60  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 81; see also Ryan Sudbury, Case Note, When
Good Streams Go Dry: United States v. Adair and the Unprincipled Elimination of
A Federal Forum for Treaty Reserved Rights, 25 PUB. LAND & RESOURCES L. REV.
147, 154 (2004).





n61  Poverty and Possibilities in Indian Country, supra note 3; see also Duane
Champagne, Ramping Up Economic Development Policy for Tribes, INDIAN COUNTRY
TODAY (Feb. 15, 2012),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2012/02/15/ramping-up-economic-develop
ment-policy-for-tribes-97804; Jessica A. Shoemaker, Comment, Like Snow in the
Spring Time: Allotment, Fractionation, and the Indian Land Tenure Problem, 2003
WIS. L. REV. 729, 739-40 (2003); EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 805.





n62  Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2, at 1306; Miller,
Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 758-59.





n63  Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2, at 1303.





n64  Kristof, supra note 2; see also EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 828.





n65  WILKINSON, supra note 44, at 271 ("However favorable the new legal and
policy framework might be, every Indian tribe in the postwar years faced
challenges befitting a third world nation--some have called aboriginal peoples
the fourth world."); see Amar Bhatia, The South of the North: Building on
Critical Approaches to International Law with Lessons from the Fourth World, 14
OR. REV. INT'L L. 131 (2012).





n66  Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2, at 1306-07. Cf.
Bradford E. Chatigny, The Anadarko Dilemma: Can "Offshore" Banking Join Gambling
in the Native American Arsenal of Economic Development?, 32 COLUM. J.L. & SOC.
PROBS. 99, 127-28 (1998-1999) ("On the other hand, allowing these banks would be
an enormous boon to the tribes that own them . . . . Eradication of poverty on
tribal reservations is either the foundation of, or in line with, the policy
goals of nearly every article of federal legislation covering the Indian
tribes.").





n67  Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 833; see
also EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 820 ("Property taxes cannot be assessed
against trust land because there is no ability to seize the property.").





n68  See Washington v. Confederated Tribes of Colville Reservation, 447 U.S.
134, 156 (1980).





n69  Pueblo of Santa Ana v. Hodel, 663 F. Supp. 1300, 1314 n.21 (D.D.C. 1987).





n70  See Miller, American Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2, at 1306-08.





n71  See infra notes 75-102 and accompanying text (discussing the federal
government's trust relationship with Native Americans, the government's failure
as a fiduciary, and the limited investment opportunities mandated by Regulation
D).





n72  See infra notes 75-102 and accompanying text (discussing the negative
impact of the trust relationship and of Regulation D on Native Americans).





n73  See infra notes 75-90 and accompanying text (discussing the implementation
of the trust system and its prevention of Native American wealth maximization).





n74  See infra notes 92-102 and accompanying text (explaining how even if native
nations had more liquid assets, Regulation D prevents them from maximizing those
assets through high-return investments).





n75  Lincoln L. Davies, Skull Valley Crossroads: Reconciling Native Sovereignty
and the Federal Trust, 68 MD. L. REV. 290, 304 (2009); see also Sarah Washburn,
Comment, Distinguishing Carcieri v. Salazar: Why the Supreme Court Got It Wrong
and How Congress and Courts Should Respond to Preserve Tribal and Federal
Interests in the IRA's Trust-Land Provisions, 85 WASH. L. REV. 603, 609 (2010)
("Under one theory, Congress's power arises directly from the dependent status
of tribes and their relationship with the federal government; as wards of the
government, tribes are subject to the overriding authority of Congress in
handling Indian affairs and managing and protecting Indian land and assets.").





n76  See Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 804
("This fiduciary or guardian relationship springs from the duties the United
States owes to tribes and individual Indians. In regard to this duty, the United
States has 'charged itself with moral obligations of the highest responsibility
and trust.'").





n77  See Rodina Cave, Comment, Simplifying the Indian Trust Responsibility, 32
ARIZ. ST. L.J. 1399, 1400 (2000) ("The traditional guardian-ward trust doctrine
is based on notions of Indian inferiority, which should not be accepted by the
courts."); see also Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 2 (1831) (comparing
the Indians' relationship with the United States as that of a "ward to his
guardian.").





n78  United States v. Mitchell, 445 U.S. 535, 544 (1980) ("It is plain, then,
that when Congress enacted the General Allotment Act, it intended that the
United States 'hold the land . . . in trust' . . . simply because it wished to
prevent alienation of the land . . . ."); see also Jason Stone, Case Note, Ubi
Jus Incertum, Ibi Jus Nullum: Where the Right Is Uncertain, There Is No Right:
United States v. Navajo Nation, 27 PUB. LAND & RESOURCES L. REV. 149, 161 (2006)
("With regard to the United States' policy of holding Indian lands in trust, the
Court pointed to the congressional record and determined that Congress's intent
was merely to prevent alienation of the Indian lands and immunize the land from
state taxation."); Washburn, supra note 75, at 605 ("As a part of the historical
federal-tribal trust relationship, the federal government has protected Indian
land, including taking land into trust for tribes to protect against
encroachment by states or private citizens.").





n79  Davidson, supra note 41, at 586.





n80  See Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at
804-06; supra notes 49-60 and accompanying text; see also EagleWoman, supra note
42, at 815 ("To begin, a basic tenet of economics is that there must be a
resource to develop to gain capital. Although many Tribal Nations can identify
resources to develop, the United States has a stronghold on those resources.").





n81  See Davidson, supra note 41, at 575; cf. EagleWoman, supra note 42, at
819-20 ("Trust land is inalienable and cannot be sold, taxed, mortgaged, or used
for collateral. However, trust-land restrictions effectively limit a tribe's
revenue base and limit the ability for either a tribe or an individual to
utilize the primary asset--land and resources derived from the land.").





n82  John Koppisch, Why Are Indian Reservations so Poor? A Look at the Bottom 1%
, FORBES (Dec. 13, 2011, 07:32 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/johnkoppisch/2011/12/13/why-are-indian-reservations-
so-poor-a-look-at-the-bottom-1/.





n83  Id.





n84  See Blake A. Watson, The Doctrine of Discovery and the Elusive Definition
of Indian Title, 15 LEWIS & CLARK L. REV. 995, 1021-1022 (2011) (arguing against
the construction of Indian title as "analogous" to a fee simple property right);
Davidson, supra note 41, at 577; EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 824 ("United
States capitalism requires fundamental property ownership as a building block.
To enter into the contemporary economic flow of commerce, capital assets are
required, with the most fundamental asset for wealth creation being land
ownership.").





n85  See Gregory C. Sisk, Yesterday and Today: Of Indians, Breach of Trust,
Money, and Sovereign Immunity, 39 TULSA L. REV. 313 (2003-2004); see also
EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 815-16.





n86  See supra notes 51-60 and accompanying text (discussing how the government
"negligently mismanag[ed] many of their trust resources").





n87  See Cobell v. Salazar, 573 F.3d 808 (D.C. Cir. 2009), cert. denied, 130 S.
Ct. 3497 (2010); see also United States v. White Mountain Apache, 537 U.S. 465
(2003); Sisk, supra note 85, at 313 (discussing Supreme Court decisions on the
government's breach of trust to Indian tribes); see generally EagleWoman, supra
note 42, at 822 ("Despite revelations about inefficiency, by 1994 only an
estimated twenty cents of each dollar received by the BIA actually reached the
Indians for whom it was intended.") (quoting WENDELL H. OSWALT, THIS LAND WAS
THEIRS: A STUDY OF NORTH AMERICANS 41 (8th. ed., 2006)).





n88  Cobell, 573 F.3d at 808; see also EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 822-23; see
generally Valerie J. Nelson, Elouise Cobell Dies at 65; Native American Activist
, LOS ANGELES TIMES, Oct. 17, 2011,
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/oct/17/local/la-me-elouise-cobell-20111018.





n89  Cobell, 573 F.3d at 810.





n90  Judge Approves $ 3.4 Billion in Indian Royalties Settlement, ASSOCIATED
PRESS, June 20, 2011, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/21/us/politics/21indian.html?_r=0.





n91  See generally infra notes 92-102 and accompanying text (discussing how
Regulation D prevents Native Americans from participating in high-return
vehicles and thus limits economic growth).





n92  See Clarkson, Accredited Indians, supra note 7, at 285; see also Accredited
Investors, U.S. SEC. & EXCH. COMM'N, http://www.sec.gov/answers/accred.htm (last
visited Jan. 25, 2013).





n93  Policy Briefing: Native American Tribes Require Reg. D Change, NATIVE AM.
CAPITAL, LP, at 1, available at
http://www.sec.gov/rules/other/265-23/nac020306.pdf.





n94  Accredited Investors, supra note 92.





n95  Id.





n96  See id.





n97  See Jasmin Sethi, Another Role for Securities Regulation: Expanding
Investor Opportunity, 16 FORDHAM J. CORP. & FIN. L. 783, 800 (2011)
("Historically, the SEC has permitted certain financial institutions, such as
hedge funds, to escape regulation. In order to protect unsophisticated,
individual investors from the market imperfections of the unregulated world of
hedge funds, the SEC restricts who can invest in a hedge fund."); see also
So-Yeon Lee, Note, Why the "Accredited Investor" Standard Fails the Average
Investor, 31 REV. BANKING & FIN. L. 987, 992 (2012) (explaining why the current
"Accredited Investor" standard is less effective).





n98  See Clarkson, Accredited Indians, supra note 7, at 291 ("While some of the
current federal regulations and policies that harm tribal economies are a result
of overt hostility towards tribes, this Article suggests that the exclusion of
tribes from the category of accredited investors results from mere oversight, or
'benign neglect."'); see also Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 2 (1831).





n99  Compare Clarkson, Accredited Indians, supra note 7, at 291 with Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act, Pub. L. No. 112-106, 126 Stat. 306 (2012).





n100  Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, Pub. L. No. 112-106, 126 Stat. 306
(2012); David H. Oden & Christina W. Marshall, The JOBS Act: Significant Changes
for Raising Private Capital, HAYNES AND BOONE'S NEWSROOM (Apr. 16, 2012),
http://www.haynesboone.com/jobs_act_private_capital/.





n101  Oden & Marshall, supra note 100.





n102  Id.





n103  See generally supra notes 75-102 and accompanying text (discussing the
U.S. policies that have further impoverished Native Americans, including control
over property rights and mismanaged fiduciary duties).





n104  Compare discussion supra Part B (Barriers to Access to Capital Markets),
with discussion infra Parts C (Bond Issuance), D (Native-Owned Banks).





n105  See discussion supra Part B (detailing the barriers keeping native nations
from capital markets).





n106  See Clarkson, Accredited Indians, supra note 7, at 291,





n107  STEVEN MAGUIRE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL 30638, TAX-EXEMPT BONDS: A
DESCRIPTION OF STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT DEBT 1-2 (2012), available at
http://www.nabl.org/uploads/cms/documents/2012-13313-1.pdf.





n108  Gavin Clarkson, Tribal Bonds: Statutory Shackles and Regulatory Restraints
on Tribal Economic Development, 85 N.C. L. REV. 1009, 1015 (2007); see 26 U.S.C.
§ 7871 (2006).





n109  See 26 U.S.C. § 7871 (2006); see also Robert A. Williams, Jr., Small Steps
on the Long Road to Self-Sufficiency for Indian Nations: The Indian Tribal
Governmental Tax Status Act of 1982, 22 HARV. J. ON LEGIS. 335, 339 (1985)
("According to its sponsors, the Tribal Tax Status Act is intended to
'strengthen tribal governments significantly by providing additional sources of
financing and by eliminating the unfair burden of taxes Indian tribal
governments must now pay.'").





n110  Williams, supra note 109, at 339 (describing how tribal attempts to
capitalize on the favorable status given to them by Congress were stunted by
their treatment by the IRC); see also Matthew L.M. Fletcher, The Supreme Court
and Federal Indian Policy, 85 NEB. L. REV. 121, 146 (2006-2007).





n111  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108, at 1009; see also Letter Rulings,
Tribe's Use of Bond Proceeds for Other than Essential Government Function
Precluded Exempt Interest, 106 J. TAX'N 252, 253 (2007).





n112  Lorie M. Graham, An Interdisciplinary Approach to American Indian Economic
Development, 80 N.D. L. REV. 597, 639 (2004); see also 26 U.S.C. § 7871(e)
(defining "essential governmental function").





n113  See generally Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108, at 1050 (discussing
the "presumption of improper IRS practices toward tribes").





n114  Id.





n115  Id.; see also U.S. DEP'T OF THE TREASURY, MEMORANDUM: INTERNAL REVENUE
SERVICE NATIONAL OFFICE FIELD SERVICE ADVICE 8 (Aug. 12, 2002), available at
http://www.tribalfinance.org/Documents/IRS_FSA_20024712.pdf.





n116  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108, at 1050; see also U.S. DEP'T OF
THE TREASURY, supra note 115.





n117  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108, at 1051.





n118  Id. at 1050-1051.





n119  Report to Congress on Section 7871, supra note 19, at 1





n120  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108, at 1017.





n121  Id. at 1018 ("In all of these cases, the tribes financed activities that
state and local governments had previously financed without any challenge from
the IRS. While the National Congress of American Indians and the National
Intertribal Tax Alliance have worked to remove these inequities for years, even
the venerable Wall Street firm of Merrill Lynch is on record decrying the
inequity of the tax treatment of tribes relative to municipalities.").





n122  Id. at 1015-16.





n123  See American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115 (2009) (Title V); Treasury Issues Notice of Applications for Tribal
Economic Development Bonds, INDIAN L. UPDATE (Quarles & Brady LLP, Milwaukee,
Wis.), July 2009, at 1 [hereinafter Treasury Issues Notice], available at
http://www.quarles.com/files/Publication/efa14332-6314-4221-a099-011c693658d8/Pr
esentation/PublicationAttachment/aea1c067-8b05-4900-96be-04d5343a2787/6_25_09%20
Addressing.pdf.





n124  Treasury Issues Notice, supra note 123, at 1; see also TOWNSEND HYATT,
ORRICK, TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT BONDS IN PLAIN ENGLISH (2009), available at
http://www.orrick.com/Events-and-Publications/Pages/tribal
-economic-development-bonds-in-plain-english-2094.aspx.





n125  Treasury Issues Notice, supra note 123, at 1.





n126  Richard A. Helde et al., IRS Announces Allocation Procedures for Tribal
Economic Development Bonds, DORSEY & WHITNEY LLP (June 26, 2009),
http://www.dorsey.com/tribal_bond_alert/.





n127  See generally Smith, supra note 1.





n128  See Greg Guedel, Second Billion-Dollar Tribal Economic Development Bond
Allocation Announced, FOSTER PEPPER NATIVE AM. LEGAL UPDATE (Feb. 12, 2010),
http://www.nativelegalupdate.com/2010/02/articles/second-billiondollar-tribal
-economic-development-bond-allocation-announced/.





n129  See Gale Courey Toensing, Coburn Proposes Ending Tribal Tax Exempt Bonds,
CDFI Funding, Tax Credits, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (Aug. 4, 2011),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2011/08/04/coburn-proposes-ending-
tribal-tax-exempt-bonds-cdfi-funding-tax-credits-45799.





n130  Id.





n131  See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108.





n132  Tax Reform: What It Could Mean for Tribes & Territories Before the S.
Comm. on Fin., 112th Cong. 2 (2012) (statement of Lindsay G. Robertson,
Professor of Law, University of Oklahoma), available at
http://www.finance.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Robertson%20Testimony.pdf.





n133  Id. at 1.





n134  See Report to Congress on Section 7871, supra note 19.





n135  Id. at 3-4.





n136  See generally id.





n137  See infra notes 138-144 and accompanying text.





n138  Amanda J. Crawford, A Bond Offering from the Navajo Nation, BLOOMBERG
BUSINESSWEEK MAGAZINE (Nov. 10, 2011),
http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/a-bond-offering-from-the-navajo-nation-1110
2011.html.





n139  Id.





n140  Id.





n141  Amanda J. Crawford, Billionaire Navajos Rated Above California Plan First
Bonds: Muni Credit, BLOOMBERG, (Nov. 1, 2011, 12:00 AM),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-11-01/billionaire-navajos-rated-above-califor
nia-plan-first-bonds-muni-credit.html.





n142  Id.





n143  Greg Guedel, IRS Ruling Provides Good News for Tribal Energy Bonds, FOSTER
PEPPER NATIVE AM. LEGAL UPDATE (Mar. 17, 2009),
http://www.nativelegalupdate.com/2009/03/articles/irs-ruling-provides-good-news-
for-tribal-energy-bonds.





n144  I.R.S. Priv. Ltr. Rul. 200911001 (Mar. 13, 2009), available at
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-wd/0911001.pdf.





n145  See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 108.





n146  See supra notes 123-145 and accompanying text (discussing the new TEDB
program and the congressional response to it).





n147  See 26 U.S.C. § 7871(e).





n148  See supra notes 132-136 and accompanying text (summarizing the
congressional hearings on reforms to the tax code to improve tribal tax-exempt
bond financing).





n149  Worcester v. Georgia, 31 U.S. 515, 559 (1832).





n150  Compare discussion supra Part C, with discussion infra Part D.





n151  Ronald A. Wirtz, Breaching the "Buckskin Curtain," THE REGION (The Fed.
Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, Minneapolis, Minn.), Sept. 1, 2000,
http://www.minneapolisfed.org/publications_papers/pub_display.cfm?id=3506.





n152  See FIRST NATIONS DEV. INST., BORROWING TROUBLE: PREDATORY LENDING IN
NATIVE AMERICAN COMMUNITIES, 18 (2008), available at
http://www.aecf.org/[#x7E]/media/Pubs/Topics/Special%20Interest%20Areas/Other/Bo
rrowingTroublePredatoryLendinginNativeAmeri/borrowing%20trouble.pdf.





n153  Predatory Lending in Indian Country: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Indian
Affairs, 110th Cong. 20 (2008), available at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CHRG-110shrg44213/pdf/CHRG-110shrg44213.pdf ("The
effect of having a tribal population unbanked and subject to predatory financial
firms is that it strips an already vulnerable population of the opportunity to
advance by preventing them from building assets, equity and wealth.").





n154  WOODROW, GROWING ECONOMIES IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 4, at 4; see also
Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 462 ("In general, banking institutions
have even failed to establish banking facilities within Indian country. For
instance, the Navajo reservation, which has a population of more than 200,000
individuals, only has several banking facilities. Meanwhile, a border town, such
as Gallup, New Mexico, with a population of 20,000, has almost three times as
many as banks.").





n155  WOODROW, GROWING ECONOMIES IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 4, at 4.





n156  OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY, COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN
COUNTRY: POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES IN AN EMERGING MARKET 3-4 (2006), available at
http://www.occ.gov/topics/community-affairs/publications/insights/insights-comme
rcial-lending-indian-country.pdf [hereinafter COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN
COUNTRY] ("Similarly, nearly 70 percent of tribal respondents in the same study
noted that larger-sized loans (defined as loans greater than $ 100,000) to
businesses operated by tribes or individual tribal members and private equity
capital (both start-up financing and venture capital investments) were
'difficult to obtain' or 'impossible to obtain.' Bankers and tribal
representatives specifically cite the lack of operating capital as a critical
gap in tribal development projects.").





n157  Aaron Drue Johnson, Comment, Just Say No (To American Capitalism): Why
American Indians Should Reject the Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act and
Other Attempts to Promote Economic Assimilation, 35 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 107, 117
(2010-2011) ("In fact, 'even middle and upper income Indians on reservations are
confronted by inadequate housing, a situation aggravated by a lack of access to
home mortgages.'").





n158  See Wirtz, supra note 151.





n159  COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 156, at 4.





n160  Ren S. Essene & William C. Apgar, The 30th Anniversary of the CRA:
Restructuring the CRA to Address the Mortgage Finance Revolution, REVISITING THE
CRA: PERSPECTIVES ON THE FUTURE OF THE COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT (Fed. Reserve
Banks of Bos. and S.F., 2009), at 15, available at
http://www.frbsf.org/publications/community/cra/revisiting_cra.pdf.





n161  Id. at 14.





n162  Id. at 15.





n163  COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 156, at 4 ("Many of the
commercial lending activities that banks undertake in Indian Country may receive
favorable consideration under CRA . . . .").





n164  25 U.S.C. § 1451 (2006); see also United Nat. Bank v. U.S. Dept. of
Interior, 54 F. Supp. 2d 1309, 1311 (S.D. Fla. 1998) (summarizing that the DOI
can "(a) guarantee up to 90 per cent of the unpaid principal and interest due on
any loan made to approved organizations of Indians and individual Indians; and
(b) in lieu of such guaranty, . . . insure loans under an agreement approved by
the Secretary whereby the lender will be reimbursed for losses not to exceed 5
per cent of the aggregate of the loans made by it, but not to exceed 90 per cent
of the loss on any one loan").





n165  See infra notes 151-164 and accompanying text (discussing how such
programs weaken the buckskin curtain).





n166  See Susan Woodrow & Fred Miller, Lending in Indian Country the Story
Behind the Model Tribal Secured Transaction Law, 15 BUS. L. TODAY 39, 39 (2005).





n167  Opportunities and Challenges for Economic Development in Indian Country:
Hearing Before S. Comm. on Banking, Hous., and Urban Affairs, 112th Cong. 52
(Nov. 10, 2011) [hereinafter Opportunities and Challenges] (statement of Susan
M. Woodrow, Community Development Advisor, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis)
("[L]enders and others face confusing and uncertain rules, and thus risky legal
environments, that either deter them from doing business in Indian Country or
raise the costs of doing business in tribal jurisdictions."); see also Woodrow &
Miller, supra note 166, at 39.





n168  See infra notes 169-219 and accompanying text.





n169  DEAN B. SUAGEE, RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY PROJECT, RENEWABLE ENERGY IN
INDIAN COUNTRY: OPTIONS FOR TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS 16 (1998),
http://www.repp.org/repp_pubs/pdf/issuebr10.pdf; Jon Swan, Native American
Banking: Banking the Unbanked, 19 COMMUNITIES & BANKING 20, 22 (Summer 2008),
available at http://www.bos.frb.org/commdev/c&b/2008/summer/swan_native_american
_bank.pdf.





n170  Cary Spivak, Suit Filed in Tribal Bond Deal, J. SENTINEL (Jan. 20, 2012),
http://www.jsonline.com/business/suit-filed-in-tribal
-bond-deal-5d3sj17-137801053.html; see also Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. v. Lake of
the Torches Econ. Dev. Corp., 677 F. Supp. 2d 1056, 1057 (W.D. Wis. 2010), aff'd
sub nom., 658 F.3d 684 (7th Cir. 2011).





n171  Spivak, supra note 170; see 25 U.S.C. § 2701 (2006) ("Federal courts have
held that section 81 of this title requires Secretarial review of management
contracts dealing with Indian gaming, but does not provide standards for
approval of such contracts"); see also 25 U.S.C. § 81(b) ("No agreement or
contract with an Indian tribe that encumbers Indian lands for a period of 7 or
more years shall be valid unless that agreement or contract bears the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior or a designee of the Secretary.").





n172  Wells Fargo Bank, Nat. Ass'n v. Lake of the Torches Econ. Dev. Corp., 658
F.3d 684, 702 (7th Cir. 2011).





n173  See Graham, supra note 112, at 633; see also Capital Investment in Indian
Country: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Fin. Inst. of the S. Comm. on Banking,
Hous., & Urban Affairs, 107th Cong. 26 (2002); Raymond I. Orr, Liberal Defaults:
The Pending Perception of "Special Financial Rights" Among American Indian
Nations, 47 TULSA L. REV. 515, 520 (2012).





n174  See Graham, supra note 112, at 630.





n175  Opportunities and Challenges, supra note 167, at 51-52 (statement of Susan
G. Woodrow) (citing Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana
Kocherlakota).





n176  See White Mountain Apache Tribe v. Bracker, 448 U.S. 136, 144 (1980)
("When on-reservation conduct involving only Indians is at issue, state law is
generally inapplicable, for the State's regulatory interest is likely to be
minimal and the federal interest in encouraging tribal self-government is at its
strongest.").





n177  See infra notes 181-198 and accompanying text.





n178  See Strate v. A-1 Contractors, 520 U.S. 438 (1997) (holding that "when an
accident occurs on a public highway maintained by the State . . . absent a
statute or treaty authorizing the tribe to govern the conduct of nonmembers
driving on the State's highway, tribal courts may not exercise jurisdiction in
such cases"); see also White Mountain Apache Tribe, 448 U.S. at 136; Montana v.
United States, 450 U.S. 544, 565 (1981).





n179  See Bernardi-Boyle, supra note 2, at 41.





n180  See infra notes 181-197 and accompanying text.





n181  Strate, 520 U.S. at 446 (1997) (holding that "activity that directly
affects the tribe's political integrity, economic security, health, or welfare"
is an exception to the general rule that "absent a different congressional
direction, Indian tribes lack civil authority over the conduct of nonmembers on
non-Indian land within a reservation").





n182  Id. at 442-43.





n183  Id. at 443.





n184  Id. at 446-59.





n185  See id.





n186  See supra notes 181-184 and accompanying text.





n187  White Mountain Apache Tribe v. Bracker, 448 U.S. 136, 137-38 (1980).





n188  Id. at 139.





n189  Id.





n190  Id. at 148.





n191  See id.





n192  See supra notes 187-191 and accompanying text.





n193  Montana v. United States, 450 U.S. 544, 565 (1981).





n194  Id. at 557.





n195  Id. at 565 ("To be sure, Indian tribes retain inherent sovereign power to
exercise some forms of civil jurisdiction over non-Indians on their
reservations, even on non-Indian fee lands.").





n196  Id. ("A tribe may regulate, through taxation, licensing, or other means,
the activities of nonmembers who enter consensual relationships with the tribe
or its members, through commercial dealing, contracts, leases, or other
arrangements.").





n197  See id. at 565-66.





n198  See supra notes 193-197 and accompanying text.





n199  See supra notes 174-197 and accompanying text; see also Capital Investment
in Indian Country, supra note 173, at 36 (statement of Franklin D. Raines,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fannie Mae); Heidi McNeil Staudenmaier &
Metchi Palaniappan, The Intersection of Corporate America and Indian Country:
Negotiating Successful Business Alliances, 22 T.M. COOLEY L. REV. 569, 592
(2005) ("If the parties to the contract go to the tribal court for dispute
resolution, and tribal law governs, parties should undertake sufficient due
diligence to understand the structure and process.").





n200  See supra notes 181-197 and accompanying text.





n201  See Capital Investment in Indian Country, supra note 173, at 21 (statement
of William V. Fischer, President, American State Bank, Pierre, South Dakota);
see also Bernardi-Boyle, supra note 2, at 41-42.





n202  See What We Do, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR--INDIAN AFFAIRS,
http://www.bia.gov/WhatWeDo/index.htm (last visited Jan. 25, 2013) (identifying
566 federally recognized tribes).





n203  NAVAJO NATION BAR ASS'N INC., http://www.navajolaw.org/ (last visited Jan.
25, 2013).





n204  See Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 450 ("By and large, if a
non-Indian corporation does business on Indian land, tribal courts will be the
only judicial forum whereby disputes can be resolved. In general, with the
exception of a small percentage of tribes, most tribes fail to have commercial
and business regulatory laws, and if they do, odds are that the tribes have not
published their laws. Additionally, when most tribal courts adjudicate
decisions, their opinions are unreported and, thus, not accessible to most.");
Staudenmaier & Palaniappan, supra note 199, at 591 ("Tribal laws also include
traditional practices, including commercial customs, that are based on oral
history but may not be codified."); Lucinda Hughes-Juan, How Tribes Can Support
Economic Growth Through Uniform Commercial Codes, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (Aug. 16,
2012),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/article/how-tribes-can-support-economi
c-growth-through-uniform-commercial-codes-129385.





n205  Indian Country Currents, THE FED. RESERVE BANK OF MINNEAPOLIS
http://www.minneapolisfed.org/indiancountry/ (last visited Jan. 25, 2013); see
also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 451 ("If tribes adopt the UCC, many
businesses will feel more comfortable doing business in Indian country.
Moreover, more banks will probably be willing to lend monies to tribal
businesses and individual tribal members.").





n206  WILLIAM H. HENNING, A HISTORY AND DESCRIPTION OF THE MODEL TRIBAL SECURED
TRANSACTIONS ACT PROJECT 1 (2007) available at
http://www.iaca.org/iaca/wp-content/uploads/MTSTA_Article.pdf; see also
Hughes-Juan, supra note 204 ("[I]t was drafted by a special committee that
included an advisory group of Indian tribes from: The Cherokee Nation, the
Navajo Nation, the Chitimacha Nation, the Oneida Nation, the Crow Nation, the
Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Chickasaw Nation, the Little Traverse
Bay Bands of Odawa Indians, the Sac and Fox Nation, and several California
Rancherias.").





n207  Opportunities and Challenges, supra note 167, at 53.





n208  See Sue Woodrow, Tribal Update: Nation Building in the Ninth District,
COMMUNITY DIVIDEND (May 1, 2007),
http://www.minneapolisfed.org/publications_papers/pub_display.cfm?id=1910; see
also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 442.





n209  Johnson, supra note 157, at 107-08.





n210  Id. at 108 ("There is no doubt that the plight of the American Indians was
caused and has been perpetuated by European invaders. They must shield
themselves from exploitation by the same group."); see also Miller, American
Indian Entrepreneurs, supra note 2, at 1301 ("One law professor stated that for
'many Indians development is the road to cultural ruin' as it may amount to 'a
further walk down that non-Indian road to assimilation and 'civilization.'").





n211  But see supra note 210 and accompanying text (noting that Native Americans
have strong historical reasons to avoid assimilation).





n212  Wirtz, supra note 151.





n213  See On the Trail: The Market in Financial Services for Native Americans is
Growing, Thanks Not Least to Indian-owned Banks, ECONOMIST (Feb. 17, 2005),
http://www.economist.com/node/3675617.





n214  Suagee, supra note 169; Wirtz, supra note 151.





n215  See COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 156, at 10.





n216  Id.





n217  Johnson, supra note 157, at 122.





n218  H.R. 205, 112th Cong. (2012) (enacted) ("[A]ny lease by the Indian tribe
for the purposes authorized under subsection (a) . . . shall not require the
approval of the Secretary, if the lease is executed under the tribal regulations
approved by the Secretary under this subsection."); President Obama Signs HEARTH
Act, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (July 31, 2012),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2012/07/31/president-obama-signs-heart
h-act-126837.





n219  Tristan Ahtone, HEARTH Act Passes U.S. Senate, could expedite land
transactions on Wind River, WYO. PUB. MEDIA (July 19, 2012, 5:58 PM),
http://wyomingpublicmedia.org/post/hearth-act-passes-us-senate-could-expedite-la
nd-transactions-wind-river.





n220  See generally H.R. 205 (providing "for Indian tribes to enter into certain
leases without prior express approval from the Secretary of the Interior").





n221  See supra notes 205-219 and accompanying text; Woodrow, Growing Economies
in Indian Country, supra note 4, at 4-5 (listing the "challenges related to
insufficient access to capital").





n222  See infra notes 225-256 and accompanying text.





n223  Johnson, supra note 157, at 112 ("Where the typical third-world country
would clamor for an opportunity to be integrated within the Western global
economy, American Indians display an understandable resistance toward
assimilation and integration."); see supra notes 210-211 and accompanying text
(discussing assimilation concerns).





n224  B.J. Jones, Welcoming Tribal Courts into the Judicial Fraternity: Emerging
Issues in Tribal-State and Tribal-Federal Court Relations, 24 WM. MITCHELL L.
REV. 457, 514 n.30 (1998) ("There are tribal codes that attempt to articulate in
written form the cultural and normative basis for Indian law. . . . The theory
of law of the Non-Removable Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians is based upon a
high regard for the concept of sha wa ni ma. It is one of our ways of life
according to custom. The purpose of sha wa ni ma is to keep the people together
as one. This purpose is good for all people. It serves to balance the forces of
life and brings stability to all the people. To achieve this way of life, the
laws of the Band shall be construed to balance the rights of the individual with
the need to continue to co-exist in peace and harmony with one another."); see
generally Smith, supra note 1.





n225  Wirtz, supra note 151.





n226  Minority-Owned Banks, supra note 22.





n227  See id.





n228  See id.





n229  See id.





n230  See id.





n231  See id.





n232  About Native American Bank, NATIVE AM. BANK,
http://www.nabna.com/about.shtml (last visited Jan. 25, 2013) (describing the
history and mission of the Native American Bank).





n233  FED. RESERVE BD., ORDER APPROVING THE FORMATION OF A BANK HOLDING COMPANY
AND THE ACQUISITION OF A BANK 1 n. 1 (2001), available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/press/bhc/2001/20010928/attachment.pdf.
Elouise Cobell was also the force behind the lawsuit against the United States
for breaching its trust duty for Indians.





n234  Compare Key Statistics, FED. DEPOSIT INS. CORP.,
http://www2.fdic.gov/idasp/ (last visited Jan. 24, 2013) (indicating that 7,092
banks in the United States are part of the federal deposit insurance
corporation) with Minority-Owned Banks, supra note 22 (demonstrating that
native-owned banks represent a drastically small number than FDIC-member banks).
See also On the Trail, supra note 213 (observing the growing trend of
native-owned banks).





n235  About Native American Bank, supra note 232 ("At NAB 'Our primary mission
is to assist Native American and Alaskan Native individuals, enterprises and
governments to reach their goals by providing affordable and flexible banking
and financial services. To accomplish this we concentrate on pooling Indian
economic resources to increase Indian economic independence by fostering a
climate of self-determination in investment, job creation and sustainable
economic growth.'").





n236  Wirtz, supra note 151 ("For those tribes taking the more traditional path
of banking, there is a twofold strategy: to provide what tribes believe is
improved and customized bank service to tribal members on the reservation, and
to help tribes diversify their investments and promote more broad-based economic
development beyond gaming.").





n237  See id.; see also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 463.





n238  See Wirtz, supra note 151.





n239  See id.





n240  See id.





n241  Rob Capriccioso, Native Home Ownership Bill Passes Congress Committee,
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY (Nov. 21, 2011),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2011/11/21/native-home-ownership-bill-
passes-congress-committee-64048; see also EagleWoman, supra note 42, at 829
("Owning a house is the typical asset for a family in the United States,
however, Native Americans have been forced into being 'lifelong renters' because
of the federal trust status of tribal and individually owned lands that bars a
normal mortgage to build and purchase a home.").





n242  American Indian and Alaska Native Heritage Month: November 2011, U.S.
CENSUS BUREAU (Nov. 1, 2011),
https://www.census.gov/newsroom/releases/archives/facts_for_features_special_edi
tions/cb11-ff22.html.





n243  See William Claiborne, On Indian Reservations, Little Hope for Home Loans,
WASH. POST, Nov. 25, 1998, at A03, available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/national/frompost/nov98/homeloan25.htm.





n244  Id.





n245  See id.; see also supra notes 235-240 and accompanying text.





n246  See infra notes 247-255 and accompanying text.





n247  U.S. SMALL BUS. ADMIN.'S OFFICE OF ADVOCACY, SMALL BUSINESS PROFILES FOR
THE STATES AND TERRITORIES 1 (2009), available at
http://archive.sba.gov/advo/research/profiles/09profilestot.pdf.





n248  See U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, 2007 SURVEY OF SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS 1 (2011)
[hereinafter 2007 Survey], available at
http://www2.census.gov/econ/sbo/07/final/tables/cosum_table7.pdf; see also
Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 828.





n249  See 2007 Survey, supra note 248, at 1.





n250  See Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 830;
see also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 462 ("For any economy to grow,
banking institutions must be available to help provide individual with standard
loans, and provide small businesses and industries with the necessary amount of
capital to pay for wages, materials, and other developmental costs").





n251  See Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra note 3, at 830.





n252  See id. at 841-42 ("Most private non-Indian businesses are started with
family money, oftentimes accumulated over several generations, by borrowing
money through normal credit avenues or by using home equity. Indians as a group,
however, have very little access to these three prime ways of raising funds to
start a new business."); see also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note 6, at 462
("In general, most banks and small business administrators are skeptical of
doing business in Indian country, as they perceive Indian country as a place
where debts cannot be collected.").





n253  Michael Neary, Native Americans Strive for Homemade Businesses on- or
Near- the Reservations, CAPITAL J. (S.D.) (Feb. 16, 2012, 01:00 AM),
http://www.capjournal.com/news/native-americans
-strive-for-homemade-businesses-on-or-near-the/article_473bb938-585a-11e1-abd4-0
01871e3ce6c.html.





n254  See id.; see also Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country, supra
note 3, at 840-41 ("n 1999, the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe recognized the value
of these types of training programs and assisted in creating the private
non-profit Four Bands Community Fund with a grant from the First Nations
Development Institute. Four Bands provides business training classes and
assistance for reservation residents to secure start-up loans.").





n255  Char's Café, YELP, http://www.yelp.com/biz/chars-cafe-kenosha (last
visited Jan. 25, 2013); Char's Café, URBANSPOON,
http://www.urbanspoon.com/r/208/1054651/restaurant/Michigan/Chars-Cafe-Bruce-Cro
ssing (last visited Jan. 25, 2013).





n256  See supra notes 235-255 and accompanying text.





n257  Failed Egg Farm Cost Navajo Nation $ 1.25 Million, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY
(Mar. 18, 2011),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2011/03/18/failed-egg-farm-cost-navajo
-nation-1-25-million-23543.





n258  Id.





n259  See id.





n260  See infra notes 261-264 and accompanying text.





n261  See AM. BANKERS ASS'N, DODD-FRANK AND COMMUNITY BANKS: YOUR GUIDE TO 12
CRITICAL ISSUES 3 (2012), available at
http://www.aba.com/aba/documents/dfa/dfguide.pdf.





n262  See Miles Moffeit, 7 Colorado Banks Rebuked for Risky Practices, DENVER
POST (Mar. 4, 2009, 12:30 AM), http://www.denverpost.com/ci_11830129; see also
MORRISON & FOERSTER, THE DODD-FRANK ACT: A CHEAT SHEET (2010), available at
http://www.mofo.com/files/Uploads/Images/SummaryDoddFrankAct.pdf.





n263  See Moffeit, supra note 262.





n264  See id.





n265  See supra notes 225-264 and accompanying text.





n266  See OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY, A GUIDE TO TRIBAL OWNERSHIP
3 (2002) available at
http://www.occ.gov/publications/publications-by-type/licensing-manuals/tribalp.p
df [hereinafter A Guide to Tribal Ownership] ("Financial institutions that
engage in interstate commerce must comply with applicable federal and state
banking laws, including chartering requirements. Given the nature of the United
States financial system, all banks operating in this country are engaged in
interstate commerce. Therefore, any Indian tribe that plans to create a
depository institution must obtain a federal or state charter."); Wirtz, supra
note 151.





n267  COMMERCIAL LENDING IN INDIAN COUNTRY, supra note 156, at 1.





n268  See Wirtz, supra note 151; see also Tom Lowry, Offshore Comes Onshore
Banks' Pledges of Secrecy Sound Alarms, USA TODAY, May 7, 1998, at 1B.





n269  Wirtz, supra note 151.





n270  See id.





n271  Lowry, supra note 268.





n272  See 12 U.S.C. § 1811 et seq. (2006).





n273  History of the FDIC, FED. DEPOSIT INS. CORP.,
http://www.fdic.gov/about/history/index.html (last visited Mar. 22, 2013).





n274  See FED. DEPOSIT INS. CORP., A BRIEF HISTORY OF DEPOSIT INSURANCE IN THE
UNITED STATES 12 (1998), available at
http://www.fdic.gov/bank/historical/brief/brhist.pdf.





n275  See generally Reid A. Horovitz, Note, Prohibiting Secondary Boycotts
Against Banks: Protecting the Public's Interest, 9 ANN. REV. BANKING L. 611, 623
(1990).





n276  See Chatigny, supra note 66, at 101.





n277  Melanie Warner, Who Needs the Cayman Islands? The Sovereignty Loophole:
How to Bypass Banking Law, FORTUNE, June 23, 1997, available at
http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/1997/06/23/228071/index.h
tm.





n278  Id.





n279  Id.





n280  Id.





n281  Id.





n282  United States v. Dazey, 403 F.3d 1147, 1156 (10th Cir. 2005) ("The four
defendants were implicated in a fraudulent investment company called
Wealth-Mart. Wealth-Mart styled itself as an investment fund with a highly
lucrative international 'bank debenture' investment program that traded in
secret overseas markets in accordance with Christian and humanitarian investment
principles. Wealth-Mart promised investors very high returns within a few
months.").





n283  Id. at 1158 ("To receive the investors' money, Wealth-Mart set up a bank
called First Lenape Nation Bank. First Lenape appeared to be a functioning
tribal bank. In reality, it was just a shell, and investors' money was
commingled and passed upstream to two accounts at established Oklahoma banks.").





n284  See generally infra notes 285-304 and accompanying text.





n285  Opportunities & Challenges for Econ. Dev. in Indian Country: Hearing
Before the S. Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 112th Cong. 2 n.3
(2011) (statement of Martin M. Olsson, President of Eagle Bank), available at
http://banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=0b
fbb431-e950-4e28-9e84-87a34defad98.





n286  See Thomas H. Shipps, The Non-Intercourse Act and Statutory Restrictions
on Tribal Resource Development and Contracting (Rocky Mountain Mineral Law
Found., Working Paper No. 2, 2005).





n287  Id.





n288  Id.





n289  Id.





n290  OFFICE OF INDIAN ENERGY & ECON. DEV., TRIBAL BUSINESS STRUCTURE HANDBOOK
III-12 (2008), available at http://www.irs.gov/pub/irstege/tribal
_business_structure_handbook.pdf ("Section 17 corporations are tribal in
character, they must be wholly-owned by the tribe and are essentially alter egos
of the tribal government. They share the same privileges and immunities as the
tribal government.").





n291  See L. Scott Gould, The Consent Paradigm: Tribal Sovereignty at the
Millennium, 96 COLUM. L. REV. 809, 812 (1996).





n292  Opportunities & Challenges for Econ. Dev. in Indian Country, supra note
285; About Us, EAGLE BANK, http://www.bankeagle.com/home/about/history (last
visited Mar. 22, 2013).





n293  See infra notes 295-304 and accompanying text.





n294  See infra notes 295-298 and accompanying text.





n295  Kathleen M. Nilles, Esq., Presentation on Tribal Business Formation--Legal
and Structural Options at the Tribal Renewable Energy Business Development and
Financing Conference in Denver, Colo. (Aug. 23-25, 2011) available at
http://apps1.eere.energy.gov/tribalenergypdfs/tribal_business/tribal
_business_formation_0811.pdf.





n296  Shipps, supra note 286.





n297  See Nilles, supra note 295, at 24 ("Corporation has same privileges and
immunities as the tribe--including immunity from suit."); see also OFFICE OF
INDIAN ENERGY & ECON. DEV., supra note 290, at I-5.





n298  See HYATT, supra note 124.





n299  Letter from Scott G. Alvarez, Associate General Counsel, The Federal
Reserve Board, to Stephen M. Klein, Attorney, Graham & Dunn (Aug. 13, 1996),
available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/legalint/BHC_ChangeInControl/1996/199608
13/.





n300  Id.





n301  Id.





n302  Id.





n303  See id.





n304  See supra notes 295-298 and accompanying text.





n305  See supra notes 295-304 and accompanying text.





n306  See infra notes 308-328 and accompanying text.





n307  See Renee McGaw, Native American Bank Eyes Unique Growth Plan, DENVER BUS.
J. (Apr. 15, 2007, 10:00 PM),
http://www.bizjournals.com/denver/stories/2007/04/16/story6.html.





n308  Id.





n309  William T. Coleman, Jr., Speech, A Brief History of Banking and Investment
Regulation in the US and A Challenge to Remain the Greatest Nation in the World,
99 KY. L. J. 1, 2 (2011) ("The McFadden Act, enacted in 1927, prohibited branch
banking in an effort to level the playing field between the national and state
banks."); see also 12 U.S.C. § 36 (f)(1)(A) (2006).





n310  McGaw, supra note 307.





n311  Id.





n312  See Senate Lobbying Disclosure Electronic Filing System, available at
http://soprweb.senate.gov/index.cfm?event=getFilingDetails&filingID=D5EB2E5C-C28
A-4B21-9110-2CEE291396D3 (providing a copy of the 2009 Congressional lobbying
report for the Rosebud Sioux Tribe).





n313  Indian Reservation Bank Branch Act of 2009, S. 1316, 111th Cong. (2009),
available at http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/s1316.





n314  See id.; see also 12 U.S.C. § 36(g)(1)(A); Mick Grasmick, The Dodd-Frank
Act Will Open All States to Interstate De Novo Branching, MANATT JONES GLOBAL
STRATEGIES NEWSLETTERS (Manatt Jones Global Strategies LLC L.A.), July 10,
2012), available at
http://www.manatt.com/BankingLaw@manatt/_BankingLaw_07_01_10.aspx.





n315  Grasmick, supra note 314; see also 12 U.S.C. § 36(g)(1)(A).





n316  See infra notes 317-328 and accompanying text.





n317  A Guide to Tribal Ownership, supra note 266, at 30 ("Because Indian tribes
and their political/governmental subdivisions enjoy a unique legal status, the
FRB has determined that they are not 'companies' for purposes of the BHCA.
Therefore, a tribe's status as an 'affiliate' of the bank for purposes of
sections 23A and 23B is unclear.").





n318  Saule T. Omarova, From Gramm-Leach-Bliley to Dodd-Frank: The Unfulfilled
Promise of Section 23a of the Federal Reserve Act, 89 N.C. L. REV. 1683, 1683
(2011).





n319  Id. at 1693.





n320  Id. at 1693.





n321  A Guide to Tribal Ownership, supra note 266, at 29.





n322  Id. at 30.





n323  See id.





n324  See infra notes 325-328 and accompanying text.





n325  A Guide to Tribal Ownership, supra note 266, at 14-15.





n326  Saule T. Omarova & Margaret E. Tahyar, That Which We Call A Bank:
Revisiting the History of Bank Holding Company Regulation in the United States,
31 REV. BANKING & FIN. L. 113, 183 (2011).





n327  Rob Tammero, Private Equity Investment in Failed Banks: Controlling Risks
to the Federal Safety Net, 11 J. BUS. & SEC. L. 53, 60 (2010).





n328  See generally id.





n329  See discussion supra Part II.





n330  See discussion supra Parts II, III, IV.





n331  See discussion supra Parts III, IV.





n332  See discussion supra Part III.





n333  See discussion supra Part III.





n334  See discussion supra Part III.





n335  See discussion supra Part IV.





n336  See discussion supra Part IV; see also Ansson, Jr. & Oravetz, supra note
6, at 441-42 ("Even if a tribe has little money, it needs to appropriate some of
it for business expansion. This can be difficult for smaller tribes that are
recognizing a low level of profitable returns because for these tribes the
question becomes whether they should spend money on needed tribal programs or
whether they should spend money on the formation of new tribal business
ventures.").





n337  See discussion supra Part IV.





n338  See discussion supra Part IV.





n339  See discussion supra Part IV.


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

California's Native Americans deserve quality health care

BYLINE: Barbara Boxer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 627 words


After seven long years of congressional inaction, the Senate finally passed the
Indian Health Care Improvement Act, a bill to protect the health and well-being
of millions of our nation's Native Americans.

The legislation, which I cosponsored along with its author, Senator Byron Dorgan
(D-ND), aims to improve the administration of Indian health programs and expand
and increase access to health care for Native Americans.

Specifically, the bill would ensure that Indian health services are modernized
and improved, new health care facilities are built, and new programs are
implemented to address mental and behavioral health.

For the first time, Indian tribes would be able to use federal funds to provide
long-term care, including hospice, home-based and community-based care for
elderly and vulnerable members in their communities.

The legislation also promotes programs for tribal health services to attract and
retain highly qualified health care professionals by expanding scholarship and
loan forgiveness programs. And, by making more funds available for care, the
bill subsequently reduces the likelihood that individuals will be denied
services.

By passing this important legislation, Congress has taken a critical first step
toward addressing a long list of unmet health care needs facing American Indian
communities.

This legislation is particularly important to California, where there are over
100 federally recognized tribes whose members are fully eligible for health care
services through the Indian Health Service. There are also approximately 280,000
Native Americans in California who do not live on reservations, but are eligible
to receive health care services through the Urban Indian Health Program.

However, despite the fact that California has 129,000 square miles of official
Indian Territory, it has no Indian Health Services hospitals.

All Indian health care services in California are provided by tribes and tribal
organizations. But because of chronic under-funding, clinics now generally
operate under a "life or limb" policy. This means that unless the patient's life
or body is threatened, referrals for specialty care are denied.

By modernizing and updating existing standards for tribal health clinics, this
bill gives tribes more flexibility to provide care in their clinics instead of
being required to refer patients in need of specialty and long-term care to
other facilities.

Ultimately, this will help reduce the strain on already-limited funding sources
and will result in fewer patients in the Indian community being denied the care
they so desperately need.

The story of the United Indian Health Services, a small tribally operated health
program in Northern California, offers yet another example of the challenges
facing tribal health care in California that are addressed by this bill.

Because current law does not provide enough assistance for maintenance and
upgrades to tribal health centers such as United Indian Health Services, some
have been forced to pay off their debt instead of provide care to their clients.

In an effort to meet the health care needs of a growing number of people, the
newly passed Indian Health Care Improvement Act would allow for tribal health
centers like United to utilize federal assistance to repay their loans.

By passing this strong, bipartisan measure, the Senate has taken an important
step to improve a key domestic priority that has been long overlooked.

I hope that the House of Representatives will act quickly and approve this
measure so that we can send this bill to the president and provide the quality
health care that Native Americans in California and around the nation need and
deserve.

Barbara Boxer is a U.S. senator from California. Her hometown is Greenbrae, in
Marin County.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

New York Suit Raises Heat for Online Lenders with Tribal Links

BYLINE: Mary Wisniewski

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY Vol. 178 No. 123

LENGTH: 1334  words


When Benjamin Lawsky, New York State's Superintendent of Financial Services,
sent a letter earlier this week to 35 online lenders, instructing them to "cease
and desist" from offering loans that violate local usury laws, an interesting
fact jumped out: several were Native American tribes or affiliated with tribes.

Consumer advocates are accusing some online lending firms of using Native
American tribes as shields to skirt state rules, and regulators are listening.

"Companies are using claims of tribal immunity from state and federal laws to
evade consumer protections," says Tom Feltner, director of financial services at
the Consumer Federation of America. "We view this as a growing problem."

Feltner says a company will list a tribal disclosure but bury its alliance at
the bottom of the website. "This poses several consumer challenges," Feltner
says. "We are very concerned that today it is payday loans but it could be other
financial services products down the road."

Banks are directly affected - the New York State Department of Financial
Services has asked banks to "choke off" ACH access to online lenders that charge
interest rates that violate state limits.

The FDIC has weighed in on the matter. "Based on specific facts and issues, we
may work collaboratively with other regulators and law enforcement as
appropriate to ensure banks are effectively managing relationships with payment
processors and higher-risk merchants, such as payday lenders," writes Andrew
Gray, spokesman of the FDIC, to BTN.

"I think the writing is on the wall," said Alan Kaplinsky, partner at Ballard
Spahr, in an e-mail to BTN. "Online lenders who fail to comply with applicable
state laws in the borrowers' states are going to be under siege from not only
state attorneys general and departments of banking but more importantly the
Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission and the CFPB. By focusing on
the banks that provide access to the ACH system, the Feds have figured out a
potentially more effective way of dealing with the problem than bringing
enforcement actions against hundreds of online payday lenders."

Kaplinsky adds that he does not think the regulators have any problem with the
online payday lenders that comply with state laws in the borrowers' states.

Smaller short-term, high-interest loans, once the purview of storefront payday
lenders, are increasingly obtained by people clicking a few buttons online or
tapping their mobile devices to get quick access to funds.

The volume of online lending grew to $18.6 in 2012, according to data compiled
by John Hecht, a research analyst at investment bank Stephens Inc. The growing
shift to digital has caused a rift among the market's participants: originators
are following different rules and regulation depending on, among other things,
their physical location.

Certain states restrict the ways payday loan companies can issue their products,
such as by limiting the amount of loans they can give to borrowers or setting
interest rate caps; however, not every company is following them. One such group
arguing exemption from the rules are Native American tribes, who have sovereign
immunity and offer online lending to people across the country as a means to
gain economic benefits.

The ongoing issue, which Attorneys General in the states of Colorado and
Minnesota, among others, have focused on, has made its way slowly but surely
into the courtroom. A magistrate court ruled in mid-July that the Federal Trade
Commission has authority over payday lending companies, regardless of their
tribal affiliations, and that all are subject to the Federal Trade Commission
Act, the Truth in Lending Act and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act.

"The FTC is saying enough is enough," says Lawrence Kaplan, of counsel at Paul
Hastings LLP. "It's a wakeup call."

The Native American Financial Services Association [NAFSA], an association
formed in 2012 to advocate on behalf of and protect Native American sovereign
rights, declined to speak to the recent ruling, telling Bank Technology News
it's not its practice to comment on other organizations.

"We will say that our members are required to abide by a stringent set of best
practices that ensure consumers can trust NAFSA members to honor their rights,
protect their privacy, treat them fairly, and constantly strive to offer them
innovative alternative financial products. We promote the utmost in transparency
and rigorously enforce these practices to ensure our members are the best actors
in the business," said Barry Brandon, executive director of NAFSA, in a
statement to BTN.

On its website, the association highlights the rules tribes should consider as
guidelines for best practices, including the Truth in Lending Act and Equal
Credit Opportunity Act.

Tribal-affiliated lending is one of several areas of online lending getting
added scrutiny from regulators. Consumer advocates are closely watching lead
generation companies and offshore operations.

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau continues to look at a wide range of
payday lending issues that could harm consumers, including the growing presence
of online payday loans. The Bureau has said federal consumer financial law
applies to all payday loans.

The Online Lenders Alliance, which includes tribal lenders, is advocating for
legislation that would create a federal charter that non-banks, including
tribes, could opt to use. H.R. 1566, the Consumer Credit Access, Innovation and
Modernization Act, would authorize the Comptroller of the Currency to create a
federal charter for qualified nonbank lenders to operate as internet consumer
credit corporations. As written, the bill prohibits loans of 30 days or less, or
which require repayment in a single lump sum. State laws would still apply as
long as they did not "significantly interfere with" the lending activities
allowed by the legislation.

"Like all issues related to commerce on internet, the laws have not caught up to
technology," says Peter Barden, spokesman for the Online Lenders Alliance.

Barden says consumers are clamoring for more credit options and points out that
some of the recent FTC actions have been made against lenders who applied for
association membership and were denied. "We work closely with the FTC," says
Barden.

Why Tribes Play Along

The need for people to access cash quickly to pay for immediate financial
concerns, like a flat tire or a medical bill, is pervasive and recognized by
consumer advocates and lending associations alike.

"We know that consumers are looking outside of the traditional banking system
for financial solutions, and those alternatives do a better job of meeting their
needs. Online lending is only one of those alternatives," writes NAFSA's Brandon
in an email to BTN.

And tribes need the revenue from such business, as many no longer make money off
on-premises gambling.

"The biggest change in online lending in recent years has been the growth,
prevalence, and increase in internet availability across the country. Many
reservations are in incredibly rural and remote areas, which make gaming and
tourism difficult or impossible," writes Brandon. "They don't have the numbers
to drive sustainable economic growth, which has traditionally created cycles of
poverty and dependence. The rise of the Internet and online lending has changed
all of that and has begun to break this cycle. E-commerce is opening up the
world to our members, and our tribes are finally starting to reap the economic
benefits. They're seeing the ability to invest in their reservations, build
better schools, and provide a secure economic future for their children. And
it's all because of these tribally-owned businesses."

NAFSA declined to talk about individual customers, or whether or not online
lending services are growing among its member base. The product itself is
undergoing an underwriting technology transformation as alternative financial
startups, including ZestFinance and Think Finance, have formed partnerships with
tribal lenders.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 12, 1999

Presidential Promises

BYLINE: By Kim Renay Anderson

LENGTH: 1148 words

Pine Ridge, SD-President Clinton brought with him a pocketful of mortgage
commitments for the Oglala Sioux Tribe as he visited a Native homeownership
summit being run by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Announcements by Fannie Mae, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, and the
Mortgage Bankers Association of America were timed to the President's
high-profile visit to an area that doesn't even have a permanent bank branch.

As a result of being among three recipients of the FHLB-Des Moines' first round
of 1999 Affordable Housing grants, the Oglala Sioux tribe will have financing to
construct 45 homes.

President Clinton's address was also attended by Franklin Raines, Fannie Mae's
chairman and CEO, and Donald Lange, president of the MBA.

Norwest Bank South Dakota NA, an FHLB of Des Moines member, and the Oglala Sioux
Tribe Partnership, submitted the application for the Pine Ridge Reservation to
the FHLB of Des Moines' Affordable Housing Program.

Nicky Schissel, FHLB of Des Moines vice president of communications, said
financing for the much-needed homes will cost a total of $ 4.7 million dollars.

According to Ms. Schissel, over 60% of the Oglala Sioux tribe live in poverty,
with an unemployment rate of more than 80%.

"Over 42% of the Sioux tribe household is overcrowded and the median household
size is close to five people", said Ms. Schissel.

"22% lack kitchen facilities, 19% lack plumbing and 40% live in overcrowded
conditions."

The FHLB said the Pine Ridge homes are being developed for those earning between
$ 15,000-$ 35,000.

When a homebuyer's fair was held for these homes, said Ms. Schissel, over 500
people attended, from which 22 potential homeowners were identified.

"New homes will consist of three and four bedrooms, 1,200 square feet," said Ms.
Schissel.

"The infrastructure began in May and construction will begin this month."

FHLB of Des Moines has awarded a $ 499,000 grant for Pine Ridge Building Summit
along with a loan of $ 2,616,036 from Norwest Bank, SD, a $ 45,000 grant from
Project Assistance in Transition from Homelessness/Office of Native American
Programs, a $ 585,000 grant from UDSA, a $ 145,000 grant from Oglala Sioux
Housing Authority, a $ 90,000 grant from Native American Housing &
Self-Determination Act of 1996, and a $ 765,000 grant from USDA's Rural
Development.

The other 1999 FHLB of Des Moines first round recipients, Rosebud Rental Rehab
Program and Tiwahe Access Project- Native American, were awarded $ 490,000 and $
299,831 respectively.

The financing for Rosebud, sponsored by the Rosebud Housing Authority, will
rehabilitate 49 single-family rental properties on the Rosebud Sioux Indian
reservation in South Dakota.

Tiwahe, sponsored by the Native American Advocacy Project, will provide funds to
make 29 homeownership units handicap accessible. All 29 units will be targeted
to individuals living on Indian Reservations in South Dakota with an income
below 50% of the area median income.

"For nearly a decade, the Affordable Housing Program has played an important
role in Native American housing development," said Marjorie Anderson, chief
executive of Mill Lacs Band of Ojiwbe and a member of the FHLB of Des Moines'
board of directors.

In conjunction with President Clinton's "New Markets Initiative' visit to Pine
Ridge, Mr. Raines said Fannie Mae has pledged over $ 3 million to assist members
of the Oglala Sioux tribe living on the Pine Ridge Reservation.

As part of this initiative, Fannie created five new initiatives to aid families
living on tribal land throughout the state of South Dakota.

In the first program, American Communities Fund Investments, Fannie committed up
to $ 3 million over the next five years through its American Communities Fund to
increase the availability of housing on Pine Ridge.

The second program, the $ 1 million Tri-party Agreement with Fannie Mae, the
Oglala Sioux and Norwest, will enable tribal members to obtain low downpayment
conventional mortgages to purchase home on trust land.

Partnership with Bank One is the initiative in which Fannie Mae has agreed to
work with Bank One to purchase taxable bonds backed by GNMA securities which
will allow downpayment assistance of 4% for Native American home buyers,
including members of the Oglala Sioux.

The fourth initiative, Native American Lending Products, is part of Fannie's
House Dakota. Under this program Fannie will continue to offer mortgage loans
for Native Americans living on trust or restricted lands throughout South
Dakota, including Fannie's Native American Conventional Lending Initiative, the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Housing Native American Pilot, the FHA
Section 248 Mortgage Insurance program and HUD's Section 184 Loan Guarantee
Program. Currently Fannie said holds 70% of all Section 184 loans originated in
the nation.

Free training and counseling software is the fifth Fannie initiative that will
assist prospective homebuyers in preparing for lending opportunities. Fannie
will provide free installation and training for tribal counselors using DeskTop
Home Counselor, the GSE's software that provides analysis of prospective
borrower's readiness for homeownership.

Finally, Mr. Lange, president, said MBA formed a partnership with the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development called the Native American
Homeownership Initiative, aimed at increasing the rate of homeownership on
reservations.

Over the next three years, AAHI primary goal is to originate one thousand new
mortgage loans.

As a part of the partnership, MBA and HUD plan various efforts such as offering
homeownership counseling programs to tribes and their members and sponsoring
Loan Correspondent/Mortgage Broker institutions for the purpose of purchasing
Section 184 mortgage loans.

The deadline for the FHLB of Des Moines' second round of the 1999 Affordable
Housing program is October 1. Each the year the FHLB sets aside 10% of its net
income for the Affordable Housing program.

, a twice-a-year competitive grant program benefiting individuals and families
at or below 80% of the area median income. The money is distributed throughout
the bank's five-state district of Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, North Dakota and
South Dakota.

From 1990 to 1999, FHLB of Des Moines has awarded almost $ 3.5 million in grants
to Native American projects to help purchase, construct or rehabilitate 854
units of housing. During the same time, seven South Dakota projects received $
1.5 million to benefit 176 units of housing.

Fannie Mae's effort is part of its "House Dakota," a five-year $ 500 million
investment plan to help 6,500 South Dakota families over the next five years,
including those living on tribal land throughout the state.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming and
Ranching

LENGTH: 926  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 48 (Thursday, March 12, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Page 12975]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05643]

[[Page 12975]]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE


Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming
and Ranching

AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of public meeting.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for
Native American Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory
committee of the Office of Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the
meetings are provided in accordance with section 10(a)(2) of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix 2). This
will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA
programs and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This
meeting will be open to the public.

DATES: The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30
p.m. and March 26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The meeting will be open to the public. Note
that a period for public comment will be held on March 25, 2015, from
2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.

ADDRESSES: The meeting and public comment period will be held at the
Hilton Garden Inn Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue,
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104 in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.
 Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John
Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR),
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250;
by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions should be directed to John
Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal (OTR), 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC 20250; by
Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the provisions of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2),
USDA established an advisory council for Native American farmers and
ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee established
under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance of
the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted
final approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on
April 28, 2011.
 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report
to the Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to
advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the
participation of Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan
programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any changes to FSA
regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate
barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and
ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number of new
farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4)
to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery
of USDA farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating
new farming or ranching opportunities for Native American producers;
and (6) to address other related issues as deemed appropriate.
 The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members
representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in providing
solutions to the challenges of the aforementioned purposes. Equal
opportunity practices were considered in all appointments to the CNAFR
in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary selected the members in
September 2014. Interested persons may present views, orally or in
writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.
 Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or
before March 20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be
scheduled between approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th.
Those individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should
notify the contact person and submit a brief statement of the general
nature of the issue they wish to present and the names and addresses of
proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral presentations will be
given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the number of
participants.
 OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to
the public via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no
later than 10 business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In
addition, the minutes from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web
site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations
due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10 business
days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2015-05643 Filed 3-11-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Charges Against Owner Of, And Attorney For, $2
Billion Unlawful Internet Payday Lending Enterprise

LENGTH: 1778 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Karl Stiften, Special Agent-in-Charge of the St. Louis Field Office of the
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), and Diego Rodriguez, Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI"), announced the unsealing of a criminal indictment charging SCOTT TUCKER
and TIMOTHY MUIR with violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act ("RICO") and the Truth in Lending Act ("TILA") for operating a
nationwide internet payday lending enterprise that systematically evaded state
laws in order to charge illegal interest rates as high as 700% on loans.  Both
defendants were arrested in Kansas City, Kansas, earlier today and will be
presented in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.  The
case has been assigned to U.S. District Judge Katherine B. Forrest.





 Mr. Bharara also announced a non-prosecution agreement (the "Agreement") with
two tribal corporations controlled by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, a Native
American tribe.  As part of the Agreement, the tribal corporations agree to
forfeit $48 million in criminal proceeds from TUCKER's payday lending enterprise
that are currently held in tribal bank accounts.  The Agreement also
acknowledges, among other things, that a tribal representative filed false
factual declarations in multiple state court actions.  TUCKER and MUIR used
these false declarations to defeat numerous state enforcement actions seeking to
enjoin the operation of their unlawful business.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated:  "As alleged, Scott Tucker and
Timothy Muir targeted and exploited millions of struggling, everyday people by
charging illegally high interest rates - as much as 700 percent.  Tucker and
Muir allegedly sought to evade liability by claiming that this $2 billion
business was actually owned and operated by Native American tribes.  But thanks
to the investigative work of the FBI and IRS, this deceptive and predatory
scheme to take advantage of the most financially vulnerable in our communities
has been exposed for what it is - a criminal scheme."



 IRS Special Agent-in-Charge Karl Stiften stated:  "These defendants allegedly
used deceptive and misleading lending practices to prey on millions of hard
working individuals seeking payday loans.  In reality, these loan customers were
taken advantage of and charged illegally high interest rates."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Diego Rodriguez stated:  "As alleged, Tucker
and Muir deceptively preyed on more than 4.5 million working people, including
those in New York, to enter into payday loans with interest rates ranging from
400 to 700 percent. Not only did their business model violate the Truth-in
Lending Act, established to protect consumers from such loans, but they also
tried to hide from prosecution by creating a fraudulent association with Native
American Tribes to receive sovereign immunity. This scheme, like so many others
who swindle innocent victims, only ends with an arrest by the FBI."



 As alleged in the Indictment[1] and described in the Agreement:



 From at least 1997 until 2013, TUCKER engaged in the business of making small,
short-term, high-interest, unsecured loans, commonly referred to as "payday
loans," through the Internet.  TUCKER's lending enterprise, which had
approximately 600 employees based in Overland Park, Kansas, did business as
Ameriloan, f/k/a Cash Advance; One Click Cash, f/k/a Preferred Cash Loans;
United Cash Loans; US FastCash; 500 FastCash; Advantage Cash Services; and Star
Cash Processing (the "Tucker Payday Lenders").  TUCKER, working with MUIR, an
attorney for TUCKER's payday lending businesses since 2006, routinely charged
interest rates of 400% or 500%, and sometimes higher than 700%, using deceptive
and misleading "disclosures" about the true cost of the loans.  These loans were
issued to more than 4.5 million working people throughout the United States,
including hundreds of thousands of people in New York, many of whom were
struggling to pay basic living expenses.  Many of these loans were issued in
states, including New York, with laws that expressly forbid lending at the
exorbitant interest rates TUCKER charged.



 The False Truth-in-Lending Act ("TILA") Disclosures



 TILA is a federal statute intended to ensure that credit terms are disclosed to
consumers in a clear and meaningful way, both to protect customers against
inaccurate and unfair credit practices, and to enable them to compare credit
terms readily and knowledgeably.  Among other things, TILA and its implementing
regulations require lenders, including payday lenders like the Tucker Payday
Lenders, to accurately, clearly, and conspicuously disclose, before any credit
is extended, the finance charge, the annual percentage rate, and the total of
payments that reflect the legal obligation between the parties to the loan.



 The Tucker Payday Lenders purported to inform prospective borrowers, in clear
and simple terms, as required by TILA, of the cost of the loan (the "TILA Box").
For example, for a loan of $500, the TILA Box provided that the "finance charge
- meaning the "dollar amount the credit will cost you" - would be $150, and that
the "total of payments" would be $650.  Thus, in substance, the TILA Box stated
that a $500 loan to the customer would cost $650 to repay.  While the amounts
set forth in the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA Box varied according to the terms
of particular customers' loans, they reflected, in substance, that the borrower
would pay $30 in interest for every $100 borrowed.



 In truth and in fact, through at least 2012, TUCKER and MUIR structured the
repayment schedule of the loans such that, on the borrower's payday, the Tucker
Payday Lenders automatically withdrew the entire interest payment due on the
loan, but left the principal balance untouched so that, on the borrower's next
payday, the Tucker Payday Lenders could again automatically withdraw an amount
equaling the entire interest payment due (and already paid) on the loan.  With
TUCKER's approval, the Tucker Payday Lenders proceeded automatically to withdraw
such "finance charges" payday after payday (typically every two weeks), applying
none of the money toward repayment of principal, until at least the fifth
payday, when they began to withdraw an additional $50 per payday to apply to the
principal balance of the loan.  Even then, the Tucker Payday Lenders continued
to assess and automatically withdraw the entire interest payment calculated on
the remaining principal balance until the entire principal amount was repaid.
Accordingly, as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA box
materially understated the amount the loan would cost, including the total of
payments that would be taken from the borrower's bank account.  Specifically,
for a customer who borrowed $500, contrary to the TILA Box disclosure stating
that the finance charge would be $150, for a total payment of $650 by the
borrower, in truth and in fact, and as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the finance
charge was $1,425, for a total payment of  $1,925 by the borrower.



 The Sham Tribal Ownership of the Business



 In response to complaints that the Tucker Payday Lenders were extending abusive
loans in violation of their usury laws, several states filed actions to enjoin
the Tucker Payday Lenders from operating in their states.  To thwart these state
actions, TUCKER devised a scheme to claim that his lending businesses were
protected by sovereign immunity, a legal doctrine that, among other things,
generally prevents states from enforcing their laws against Native American
tribes.  Beginning in 2003, TUCKER entered into agreements with several Native
American tribes (the "Tribes"), including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma.  The
purpose of these agreements was to cause the Tribes to claim they owned and
operated parts of TUCKER's payday lending enterprise, so that when states sought
to enforce laws prohibiting TUCKER's loans, TUCKER's lending businesses would
claim to be protected by sovereign immunity.  In return, the Tribes received
payments from TUCKER, typically one percent of the revenues from the portion of
TUCKER's payday lending business that the Tribes purported to own.



 In order to create the illusion that the Tribes owned and controlled TUCKER's
payday lending business, TUCKER and MUIR engaged in a series of deceptions.
Among other things:



     MUIR and other counsel for TUCKER prepared false factual declarations from
tribal representatives that were submitted to state courts, falsely claiming,
among other things, that tribal corporations substantively owned, controlled,
and managed the portions of TUCKER's business targeted by state enforcement
actions.

     TUCKER opened bank accounts to operate and receive the profits of the
payday lending enterprise, which were nominally held by tribally owned
corporations, but which were, in fact, owned and controlled by TUCKER. TUCKER
spent over $100 million from these accounts on lavish personal expenses,
including race cars, the expenses of a professional auto racing team, a luxury
home in Aspen, Colorado, and jewelry.

     Employees of TUCKER making payday loans over the phone told borrowers that
they were operating in Oklahoma and Nebraska, where the Tribes were located,
when in fact they were operating at TUCKER's corporate headquarters in
Kansas.These employees were even provided daily weather reports for the Tribes'
reservations, so that the employees could convince customers that the employees
actually were calling from those locations (when they were in fact in Kansas).



 These deceptions succeeded for a time, and several state courts dismissed
enforcement actions against TUCKER's payday lending businesses based on claims
that they were protected by sovereign immunity.  In reality, the Tribes neither
owned nor operated any part of TUCKER's payday lending business.  The Tribes
made no payment to TUCKER to acquire the portions of the business they purported
to own.  TUCKER continued to operate his lending business from a corporate
headquarters in Kansas, and TUCKER continued to reap the profits of the payday
lending businesses, which generated over $2 billion in revenue from 2003 to 2012
- in substantial part by charging desperate borrowers high interest rates
expressly forbidden by state laws.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Charges Against Owner Of, And Attorney For, $2
Billion Unlawful Internet Payday Lending Enterprise

LENGTH: 1778 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Karl Stiften, Special Agent-in-Charge of the St. Louis Field Office of the
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), and Diego Rodriguez, Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI"), announced the unsealing of a criminal indictment charging SCOTT TUCKER
and TIMOTHY MUIR with violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act ("RICO") and the Truth in Lending Act ("TILA") for operating a
nationwide internet payday lending enterprise that systematically evaded state
laws in order to charge illegal interest rates as high as 700% on loans.  Both
defendants were arrested in Kansas City, Kansas, earlier today and will be
presented in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.  The
case has been assigned to U.S. District Judge Katherine B. Forrest.





 Mr. Bharara also announced a non-prosecution agreement (the "Agreement") with
two tribal corporations controlled by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, a Native
American tribe.  As part of the Agreement, the tribal corporations agree to
forfeit $48 million in criminal proceeds from TUCKER's payday lending enterprise
that are currently held in tribal bank accounts.  The Agreement also
acknowledges, among other things, that a tribal representative filed false
factual declarations in multiple state court actions.  TUCKER and MUIR used
these false declarations to defeat numerous state enforcement actions seeking to
enjoin the operation of their unlawful business.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated:  "As alleged, Scott Tucker and
Timothy Muir targeted and exploited millions of struggling, everyday people by
charging illegally high interest rates - as much as 700 percent.  Tucker and
Muir allegedly sought to evade liability by claiming that this $2 billion
business was actually owned and operated by Native American tribes.  But thanks
to the investigative work of the FBI and IRS, this deceptive and predatory
scheme to take advantage of the most financially vulnerable in our communities
has been exposed for what it is - a criminal scheme."



 IRS Special Agent-in-Charge Karl Stiften stated:  "These defendants allegedly
used deceptive and misleading lending practices to prey on millions of hard
working individuals seeking payday loans.  In reality, these loan customers were
taken advantage of and charged illegally high interest rates."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Diego Rodriguez stated:  "As alleged, Tucker
and Muir deceptively preyed on more than 4.5 million working people, including
those in New York, to enter into payday loans with interest rates ranging from
400 to 700 percent. Not only did their business model violate the Truth-in
Lending Act, established to protect consumers from such loans, but they also
tried to hide from prosecution by creating a fraudulent association with Native
American Tribes to receive sovereign immunity. This scheme, like so many others
who swindle innocent victims, only ends with an arrest by the FBI."



 As alleged in the Indictment[1] and described in the Agreement:



 From at least 1997 until 2013, TUCKER engaged in the business of making small,
short-term, high-interest, unsecured loans, commonly referred to as "payday
loans," through the Internet.  TUCKER's lending enterprise, which had
approximately 600 employees based in Overland Park, Kansas, did business as
Ameriloan, f/k/a Cash Advance; One Click Cash, f/k/a Preferred Cash Loans;
United Cash Loans; US FastCash; 500 FastCash; Advantage Cash Services; and Star
Cash Processing (the "Tucker Payday Lenders").  TUCKER, working with MUIR, an
attorney for TUCKER's payday lending businesses since 2006, routinely charged
interest rates of 400% or 500%, and sometimes higher than 700%, using deceptive
and misleading "disclosures" about the true cost of the loans.  These loans were
issued to more than 4.5 million working people throughout the United States,
including hundreds of thousands of people in New York, many of whom were
struggling to pay basic living expenses.  Many of these loans were issued in
states, including New York, with laws that expressly forbid lending at the
exorbitant interest rates TUCKER charged.



 The False Truth-in-Lending Act ("TILA") Disclosures



 TILA is a federal statute intended to ensure that credit terms are disclosed to
consumers in a clear and meaningful way, both to protect customers against
inaccurate and unfair credit practices, and to enable them to compare credit
terms readily and knowledgeably.  Among other things, TILA and its implementing
regulations require lenders, including payday lenders like the Tucker Payday
Lenders, to accurately, clearly, and conspicuously disclose, before any credit
is extended, the finance charge, the annual percentage rate, and the total of
payments that reflect the legal obligation between the parties to the loan.



 The Tucker Payday Lenders purported to inform prospective borrowers, in clear
and simple terms, as required by TILA, of the cost of the loan (the "TILA Box").
For example, for a loan of $500, the TILA Box provided that the "finance charge
- meaning the "dollar amount the credit will cost you" - would be $150, and that
the "total of payments" would be $650.  Thus, in substance, the TILA Box stated
that a $500 loan to the customer would cost $650 to repay.  While the amounts
set forth in the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA Box varied according to the terms
of particular customers' loans, they reflected, in substance, that the borrower
would pay $30 in interest for every $100 borrowed.



 In truth and in fact, through at least 2012, TUCKER and MUIR structured the
repayment schedule of the loans such that, on the borrower's payday, the Tucker
Payday Lenders automatically withdrew the entire interest payment due on the
loan, but left the principal balance untouched so that, on the borrower's next
payday, the Tucker Payday Lenders could again automatically withdraw an amount
equaling the entire interest payment due (and already paid) on the loan.  With
TUCKER's approval, the Tucker Payday Lenders proceeded automatically to withdraw
such "finance charges" payday after payday (typically every two weeks), applying
none of the money toward repayment of principal, until at least the fifth
payday, when they began to withdraw an additional $50 per payday to apply to the
principal balance of the loan.  Even then, the Tucker Payday Lenders continued
to assess and automatically withdraw the entire interest payment calculated on
the remaining principal balance until the entire principal amount was repaid.
Accordingly, as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA box
materially understated the amount the loan would cost, including the total of
payments that would be taken from the borrower's bank account.  Specifically,
for a customer who borrowed $500, contrary to the TILA Box disclosure stating
that the finance charge would be $150, for a total payment of $650 by the
borrower, in truth and in fact, and as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the finance
charge was $1,425, for a total payment of  $1,925 by the borrower.



 The Sham Tribal Ownership of the Business



 In response to complaints that the Tucker Payday Lenders were extending abusive
loans in violation of their usury laws, several states filed actions to enjoin
the Tucker Payday Lenders from operating in their states.  To thwart these state
actions, TUCKER devised a scheme to claim that his lending businesses were
protected by sovereign immunity, a legal doctrine that, among other things,
generally prevents states from enforcing their laws against Native American
tribes.  Beginning in 2003, TUCKER entered into agreements with several Native
American tribes (the "Tribes"), including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma.  The
purpose of these agreements was to cause the Tribes to claim they owned and
operated parts of TUCKER's payday lending enterprise, so that when states sought
to enforce laws prohibiting TUCKER's loans, TUCKER's lending businesses would
claim to be protected by sovereign immunity.  In return, the Tribes received
payments from TUCKER, typically one percent of the revenues from the portion of
TUCKER's payday lending business that the Tribes purported to own.



 In order to create the illusion that the Tribes owned and controlled TUCKER's
payday lending business, TUCKER and MUIR engaged in a series of deceptions.
Among other things:



     MUIR and other counsel for TUCKER prepared false factual declarations from
tribal representatives that were submitted to state courts, falsely claiming,
among other things, that tribal corporations substantively owned, controlled,
and managed the portions of TUCKER's business targeted by state enforcement
actions.

     TUCKER opened bank accounts to operate and receive the profits of the
payday lending enterprise, which were nominally held by tribally owned
corporations, but which were, in fact, owned and controlled by TUCKER. TUCKER
spent over $100 million from these accounts on lavish personal expenses,
including race cars, the expenses of a professional auto racing team, a luxury
home in Aspen, Colorado, and jewelry.

     Employees of TUCKER making payday loans over the phone told borrowers that
they were operating in Oklahoma and Nebraska, where the Tribes were located,
when in fact they were operating at TUCKER's corporate headquarters in
Kansas.These employees were even provided daily weather reports for the Tribes'
reservations, so that the employees could convince customers that the employees
actually were calling from those locations (when they were in fact in Kansas).



 These deceptions succeeded for a time, and several state courts dismissed
enforcement actions against TUCKER's payday lending businesses based on claims
that they were protected by sovereign immunity.  In reality, the Tribes neither
owned nor operated any part of TUCKER's payday lending business.  The Tribes
made no payment to TUCKER to acquire the portions of the business they purported
to own.  TUCKER continued to operate his lending business from a corporate
headquarters in Kansas, and TUCKER continued to reap the profits of the payday
lending businesses, which generated over $2 billion in revenue from 2003 to 2012
- in substantial part by charging desperate borrowers high interest rates
expressly forbidden by state laws.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Charges Against Owner Of, And Attorney For, $2
Billion Unlawful Internet Payday Lending Enterprise

LENGTH: 1778 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Karl Stiften, Special Agent-in-Charge of the St. Louis Field Office of the
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), and Diego Rodriguez, Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI"), announced the unsealing of a criminal indictment charging SCOTT TUCKER
and TIMOTHY MUIR with violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act ("RICO") and the Truth in Lending Act ("TILA") for operating a
nationwide internet payday lending enterprise that systematically evaded state
laws in order to charge illegal interest rates as high as 700% on loans.  Both
defendants were arrested in Kansas City, Kansas, earlier today and will be
presented in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.  The
case has been assigned to U.S. District Judge Katherine B. Forrest.





 Mr. Bharara also announced a non-prosecution agreement (the "Agreement") with
two tribal corporations controlled by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, a Native
American tribe.  As part of the Agreement, the tribal corporations agree to
forfeit $48 million in criminal proceeds from TUCKER's payday lending enterprise
that are currently held in tribal bank accounts.  The Agreement also
acknowledges, among other things, that a tribal representative filed false
factual declarations in multiple state court actions.  TUCKER and MUIR used
these false declarations to defeat numerous state enforcement actions seeking to
enjoin the operation of their unlawful business.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated:  "As alleged, Scott Tucker and
Timothy Muir targeted and exploited millions of struggling, everyday people by
charging illegally high interest rates - as much as 700 percent.  Tucker and
Muir allegedly sought to evade liability by claiming that this $2 billion
business was actually owned and operated by Native American tribes.  But thanks
to the investigative work of the FBI and IRS, this deceptive and predatory
scheme to take advantage of the most financially vulnerable in our communities
has been exposed for what it is - a criminal scheme."



 IRS Special Agent-in-Charge Karl Stiften stated:  "These defendants allegedly
used deceptive and misleading lending practices to prey on millions of hard
working individuals seeking payday loans.  In reality, these loan customers were
taken advantage of and charged illegally high interest rates."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Diego Rodriguez stated:  "As alleged, Tucker
and Muir deceptively preyed on more than 4.5 million working people, including
those in New York, to enter into payday loans with interest rates ranging from
400 to 700 percent. Not only did their business model violate the Truth-in
Lending Act, established to protect consumers from such loans, but they also
tried to hide from prosecution by creating a fraudulent association with Native
American Tribes to receive sovereign immunity. This scheme, like so many others
who swindle innocent victims, only ends with an arrest by the FBI."



 As alleged in the Indictment[1] and described in the Agreement:



 From at least 1997 until 2013, TUCKER engaged in the business of making small,
short-term, high-interest, unsecured loans, commonly referred to as "payday
loans," through the Internet.  TUCKER's lending enterprise, which had
approximately 600 employees based in Overland Park, Kansas, did business as
Ameriloan, f/k/a Cash Advance; One Click Cash, f/k/a Preferred Cash Loans;
United Cash Loans; US FastCash; 500 FastCash; Advantage Cash Services; and Star
Cash Processing (the "Tucker Payday Lenders").  TUCKER, working with MUIR, an
attorney for TUCKER's payday lending businesses since 2006, routinely charged
interest rates of 400% or 500%, and sometimes higher than 700%, using deceptive
and misleading "disclosures" about the true cost of the loans.  These loans were
issued to more than 4.5 million working people throughout the United States,
including hundreds of thousands of people in New York, many of whom were
struggling to pay basic living expenses.  Many of these loans were issued in
states, including New York, with laws that expressly forbid lending at the
exorbitant interest rates TUCKER charged.



 The False Truth-in-Lending Act ("TILA") Disclosures



 TILA is a federal statute intended to ensure that credit terms are disclosed to
consumers in a clear and meaningful way, both to protect customers against
inaccurate and unfair credit practices, and to enable them to compare credit
terms readily and knowledgeably.  Among other things, TILA and its implementing
regulations require lenders, including payday lenders like the Tucker Payday
Lenders, to accurately, clearly, and conspicuously disclose, before any credit
is extended, the finance charge, the annual percentage rate, and the total of
payments that reflect the legal obligation between the parties to the loan.



 The Tucker Payday Lenders purported to inform prospective borrowers, in clear
and simple terms, as required by TILA, of the cost of the loan (the "TILA Box").
For example, for a loan of $500, the TILA Box provided that the "finance charge
- meaning the "dollar amount the credit will cost you" - would be $150, and that
the "total of payments" would be $650.  Thus, in substance, the TILA Box stated
that a $500 loan to the customer would cost $650 to repay.  While the amounts
set forth in the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA Box varied according to the terms
of particular customers' loans, they reflected, in substance, that the borrower
would pay $30 in interest for every $100 borrowed.



 In truth and in fact, through at least 2012, TUCKER and MUIR structured the
repayment schedule of the loans such that, on the borrower's payday, the Tucker
Payday Lenders automatically withdrew the entire interest payment due on the
loan, but left the principal balance untouched so that, on the borrower's next
payday, the Tucker Payday Lenders could again automatically withdraw an amount
equaling the entire interest payment due (and already paid) on the loan.  With
TUCKER's approval, the Tucker Payday Lenders proceeded automatically to withdraw
such "finance charges" payday after payday (typically every two weeks), applying
none of the money toward repayment of principal, until at least the fifth
payday, when they began to withdraw an additional $50 per payday to apply to the
principal balance of the loan.  Even then, the Tucker Payday Lenders continued
to assess and automatically withdraw the entire interest payment calculated on
the remaining principal balance until the entire principal amount was repaid.
Accordingly, as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the Tucker Payday Lenders' TILA box
materially understated the amount the loan would cost, including the total of
payments that would be taken from the borrower's bank account.  Specifically,
for a customer who borrowed $500, contrary to the TILA Box disclosure stating
that the finance charge would be $150, for a total payment of $650 by the
borrower, in truth and in fact, and as TUCKER and MUIR well knew, the finance
charge was $1,425, for a total payment of  $1,925 by the borrower.



 The Sham Tribal Ownership of the Business



 In response to complaints that the Tucker Payday Lenders were extending abusive
loans in violation of their usury laws, several states filed actions to enjoin
the Tucker Payday Lenders from operating in their states.  To thwart these state
actions, TUCKER devised a scheme to claim that his lending businesses were
protected by sovereign immunity, a legal doctrine that, among other things,
generally prevents states from enforcing their laws against Native American
tribes.  Beginning in 2003, TUCKER entered into agreements with several Native
American tribes (the "Tribes"), including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma.  The
purpose of these agreements was to cause the Tribes to claim they owned and
operated parts of TUCKER's payday lending enterprise, so that when states sought
to enforce laws prohibiting TUCKER's loans, TUCKER's lending businesses would
claim to be protected by sovereign immunity.  In return, the Tribes received
payments from TUCKER, typically one percent of the revenues from the portion of
TUCKER's payday lending business that the Tribes purported to own.



 In order to create the illusion that the Tribes owned and controlled TUCKER's
payday lending business, TUCKER and MUIR engaged in a series of deceptions.
Among other things:



     MUIR and other counsel for TUCKER prepared false factual declarations from
tribal representatives that were submitted to state courts, falsely claiming,
among other things, that tribal corporations substantively owned, controlled,
and managed the portions of TUCKER's business targeted by state enforcement
actions.

     TUCKER opened bank accounts to operate and receive the profits of the
payday lending enterprise, which were nominally held by tribally owned
corporations, but which were, in fact, owned and controlled by TUCKER. TUCKER
spent over $100 million from these accounts on lavish personal expenses,
including race cars, the expenses of a professional auto racing team, a luxury
home in Aspen, Colorado, and jewelry.

     Employees of TUCKER making payday loans over the phone told borrowers that
they were operating in Oklahoma and Nebraska, where the Tribes were located,
when in fact they were operating at TUCKER's corporate headquarters in
Kansas.These employees were even provided daily weather reports for the Tribes'
reservations, so that the employees could convince customers that the employees
actually were calling from those locations (when they were in fact in Kansas).



 These deceptions succeeded for a time, and several state courts dismissed
enforcement actions against TUCKER's payday lending businesses based on claims
that they were protected by sovereign immunity.  In reality, the Tribes neither
owned nor operated any part of TUCKER's payday lending business.  The Tribes
made no payment to TUCKER to acquire the portions of the business they purported
to own.  TUCKER continued to operate his lending business from a corporate
headquarters in Kansas, and TUCKER continued to reap the profits of the payday
lending businesses, which generated over $2 billion in revenue from 2003 to 2012
- in substantial part by charging desperate borrowers high interest rates
expressly forbidden by state laws.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

United States Courts Opinions: United States Court of Appeals for the 2nd
Circuit: Otoe-Missouria Tribe of Indians v. New York State Department of
Financial

LENGTH: 7141  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit has issued the following
order:


13-3769-cv
Otoe-Missouria Tribe of Indians v. New York State Department of Financial
Services
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS
FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
August Term, 2013
(Argued: December 5, 2013 Decided: October 1, 2014)
Docket No. 13-3769-cv
THE OTOE-MISSOURIA TRIBE OF INDIANS, a federally-recognized Indian Tribe,
GREAT PLAINS LENDING, LLC, a wholly-owned tribal limited liability company,
AMERICAN WEB LOAN, INC., a wholly-owned tribal corporation, OTOE-MISSOURIA
CONSUMER FINANCE SERVICES REGULATORY COMMISSION, a tribal regulatory
agency, LAC VIEUX DESERT BAND OF LAKE SUPERIOR CHIPPEWA INDIANS, a
federally-recognized Indian Tribe, RED ROCK TRIBAL LENDING, LLC, a whollyowned
tribal limited liability company, LAC VIEUX DESERT TRIBAL FINANCIAL
SERVICES REGULATORY AUTHORITY, a tribal regulatory agency,
Plaintiffs-Appellants,
-- v. --
NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES, BENJAMIN M. LAWSKY, in
his official capacity as Superintendent of the New York State Department of
Financial Services,
Defendants-Appellants.


B e f o r e:
SACK, LYNCH, and LOHIER, Circuit Judges.
__________________
Plaintiffs-appellants ("plaintiffs") appeal from the denial of a preliminary
injunction by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (Richard J. Sullivan, Judge). Plaintiffs are two Native American tribes,
tribal
regulatory agencies, and companies owned by the tribes that offered
highinterest,
short-term loans over the internet. The interest rates on the loans
exceeded caps imposed by New York State law. When the New York State
Department of Financial Services sought to bar out-of-state lenders from
extending such loans to New York residents, the plaintiffs sued for a
preliminary
injunction, claiming that New York's ban violated the Indian Commerce Clause.
But plaintiffs bore the burden of proving that the challenged transactions fell
within their regulatory domain, and the District Court held that they failed to
establish a sufficient factual basis to find in their favor. Because this
conclusion
was a reasonable one, the District Court did not abuse its discretion in denying

the injunction.
AFFIRMED.
2
DAVID M. BERNICK, Dechert LLP, New York, New York (Michael S.
Doluisio, Michael H. Park, Gordon Sung, Dechert LLP, Robert A.
Rosette, Sarah Bazzazieh, Rosette, LLP, on the brief), for Plaintiffs-
Appellants.
STEVEN C. WU, Deputy Solicitor General (Barbara D. Underwood,
Solicitor General, Jason Harrow, Assistant Solicitor General, on
the brief), for Eric T. Schneiderman, Attorney General of the State
of New York, New York, New York, for Defendants-Appellees.
GERARD E. LYNCH, Circuit Judge:
New York's usury laws prohibit unlicensed lenders from lending money at
an interest rate above 16 percent per year, and criminalize loans with interest
rates higher than 25 percent per year. N.Y. Gen. Oblig. Law § 5-501(1), N.Y.
Banking Law § 14-a(1), N.Y. Penal Law §§ 190.40-42. The plaintiffs are two
Native American tribes, tribal regulatory agencies, and companies owned by the
tribes that provide short-term loans over the internet, all of which have
tripledigit
interest rates that far exceed the ceiling set by New York law. When the
New York State Department of Financial Services ("DFS") tried to bar
out-of-state
lenders, including the plaintiffs, from extending loans to New York residents,
3
plaintiffs sought a preliminary order enjoining DFS from interfering with the
tribes' consumer lending business.
Plaintiffs contended that New York had projected its regulations over the
internet and onto reservations in violation of Native Americans' tribal
sovereignty, which is protected by the Indian Commerce Clause of the
Constitution. U.S. CONST. art. 1, § 8, cl. 3. But the United States District
Court for
the Southern District of New York (Richard J. Sullivan, Judge) held that
plaintiffs
had not offered sufficient proof that the loans fell outside New York's
regulatory
domain. After examining the evidence marshaled by plaintiffs in support of their

motion, the District Court concluded that plaintiffs had failed to establish
that the
challenged loan transactions occurred on Native American soil, a fact necessary
to weaken New York State's regulatory authority over them. Because this
conclusion was a reasonable one, we AFFIRM the District Court's denial of
plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction.
BACKGROUND
This case arises from a conflict between two sovereigns' attempts to
combat poverty within their borders. Native American tribes have long suffered
4
from a dearth of economic opportunities. Plaintiffs in this case, the Otoe-
Missouria Tribe of Indians, the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa Indians, and wholly owned corporations of those tribes (collectively,
"the lenders"), established internet-based lending companies in the hopes of
reaching consumers who had difficulty obtaining credit at favorable rates but
who would never venture to a remote reservation. The loans were made at high
interest rates, and the loans permitted the lenders to make automatic deductions

from the borrowers' bank accounts to recover interest and principle. New York
has long outlawed usurious loans. DFS aggressively enforced those laws in order
to "protect desperately poor people from the consequences of their own
desperation." Schneider v. Phelps, 41 N.Y.2d 238, 243 (1977). Thus, the tribes'
and New York's interests collided.
It is unclear, however, where they collided--in New York or on a Native
American reservation. The lenders assert that the challenged transactions
occurred on reservations. The "loan application process" took place via
"website[s] owned and controlled by the Tribe[s]." Loans were "reviewed and
assessed by . . . Tribal loan underwriting system[s]." Loans complied with rules

5
developed, adopted, and administered by tribal regulatory authorities. The loans

were funded out of "Tribally owned bank accounts." And each loan application
notified borrowers that the contract was "governed only by the laws of [the
Tribe] and such federal law as is applicable under the Indian Commerce Clause
of the United States Constitution . . . [and] [a]s such, neither we nor this
Agreement are subject to any other federal or state law or regulation." In sum,
as
the Chairman of the Lac Vieux Desert Tribe explained in an affidavit, "[t]hrough

technological aids and underwriting software, loans are approved through
processes that occur on the Reservation in various forms."1
But loans approved on Native American reservations and other out-ofstate
locations flowed across borders to consumers in New York. New York
borrowers never traveled to tribal lands or other jurisdictions; they signed
loan
contracts remotely by keying in an electronic signature. Borrowers listed their
New York addresses on applications, and provided lenders with routing
1 Tribal lenders are not the only entities who have sought to enter this
market and take advantage of internet-based technology to make loans to New
York residents from remote locations. Companies located abroad or in
nonreservation
locations in states with less restrictive usury laws have adopted
similar business models.
6
information for their personal bank accounts in New York. Moreover, the
lenders did more than simply transfer loan proceeds into New York bank
accounts. Under the terms of the loans, the lenders reached into New York to
collect payments: the lenders placed a hold on borrowers' accounts that resulted

in an automatic debit every two weeks over the course of many months.2 The
harm inflicted by these high-interest loans fell upon customers in New York:
DFS received complaints from residents faltering under the weight of interest
rates as high as 912.49 percent; as one complaint explained, "I am attempting to

get out of a hole, not dig a deeper one."
Thus, both the tribes and New York believed that the high-interest loans
fell within their domain, both geographic and regulatory, and acted accordingly.

The tribes re-invested profits into their communities, and New York authorities
began an investigation into online payday lending. In the summer of 2013, those
initiatives clashed.
2 For this reason, these loans are often referred to as "payday loans."
Borrowers do not offer collateral for the loan, and, instead, guarantee that
lenders
will receive a direct payment every two weeks, the traditional "payday" for most

workers.
7
In August, DFS launched what the tribal lenders describe as a
"market-based campaign explicitly designed to destroy Tribal enterprises," and
what New York defends as a "comprehensive effort to determine how best to
protect New Yorkers from the harmful effects of usurious online payday loans."
At issue are two related mailings.
First, DFS sent cease-and-desist letters to thirty-five online payday lenders
that it had identified as having made loans to New York residents. Its efforts
were directed generally at such lenders, including not only tribal lenders, but
also
foreign lenders and lenders headquartered in states that do not cap interest
rates
on short-term loans. The letters accused lenders of "using the Internet to offer

and originate illegal payday loans to New York consumers," in violation of "New
York[#x2b9]s civil and criminal usury laws." The letters instructed lenders to
"confirm
in writing" within fourteen days "that [they were] no longer solicit[ing] or
mak[ing] usurious loans in New York."
Second, DFS wrote to the lenders' partners in the financial services
industry. The lenders relied on outside banks to hold money and transfer it to
customers. Those banks, in turn, depended upon an electronic wire service
8
called the Automated Clearing House ("ACH") to move money from their coffers
into borrowers' accounts, and to extract repayment from those accounts. DFS's
letters solicited banks and ACH for their "cooperative effort[s]" to "stamp out
these pernicious, illegal payday loans." In the letters sent to banks, DFS
warned
that "it [was] in . . . [the] bank's long-term interest to take appropriate
action to
help ensure that it is not serving as a pipeline for illegal conduct." It urged
the
banks to "work with" the agency "to create a new set of model safeguards and
procedures to choke-off ACH access" to the 35 payday lenders that had lent
money to New York customers. "Doing so," the letter counseled, was "in the
best interest of your member banks and their customers." The letters ended with
a request that the companies meet with New York officials to discuss a
cooperative "undertaking."
According to plaintiffs, DFS's outreach had immediate and devastating
effects on tribal lenders. Banks and ACH abruptly ended their relationships with

the lenders, stymieing their transactions not just with New York borrowers, but
with consumers in every other state in the union. Without revenue from lending,
the tribes faced large gaps in their budgets. According to the Chairman of the
9
Otoe-Missouria tribe, proceeds from lending account for almost half of the
tribe's
non-federal income. Profits from lending have fueled expansion of tribal early
childhood education programs, employment training, healthcare coverage, and
child and family protection services. The Chairman of the Lac Vieux Desert tribe

attested to similar fiscal reliance, noting that lending revenue supports tribal

housing initiatives, youth programs, health and wellness services, and law
enforcement.
Faced with crumbling businesses and collapsing budgets, plaintiffs filed
suit, claiming that New York's efforts to curb the lenders' online business
violated the Indian Commerce Clause of the Federal Constitution by infringing
on tribes' fundamental right to self-government. Plaintiffs moved for a
preliminary injunction barring DFS from further interfering with the lenders'
transactions with consumers in New York and elsewhere. The District Court
denied the motion. The court found that the lenders had "built a wobbly
foundation for their contention that the State is regulating activity that
occurs on
the Tribes' lands," and concluded that New York's "action [was] directed at
activity that [took] place entirely off tribal land, involving New York
residents
10
who never leave New York State." Otoe-Missouria Tribe of Indians v. N.Y. State
Dep't of Fin. Servs., 974 F. Supp. 2d 353, 360 (S.D.N.Y. 2013). Thus, the court
held
that New York acted within its rights to regulate business activity within the
state.
This appeal followed.
DISCUSSION
I. Preliminary Injunctions: Standard for Granting, Standard of Review
A district court's denial of a motion for a preliminary injunction is
reviewed for abuse of discretion. WPIX, Inc. v. ivi, Inc., 691 F.3d 275, 278 (2d
Cir.
2012). In general, district courts may grant a preliminary injunction where a
plaintiff demonstrates "irreparable harm" and meets one of two related
standards: "either (a) a likelihood of success on the merits, or (b)
sufficiently
serious questions going to the merits of its claims to make them fair ground for

litigation, plus a balance of the hardships tipping decidedly in favor of the
moving party." Lynch v. City of N.Y., 589 F.3d 94, 98 (2d Cir. 2009) (internal
quotation marks omitted). This two-track rule, however, is subject to an
exception: A plaintiff cannot rely on the "fair-ground-for-litigation"
alternative
11
to challenge "governmental action taken in the public interest pursuant to a
statutory or regulatory scheme." Plaza Health Labs, Inc. v. Perales, 878 F.2d
577,
580 (2d Cir. 1989) (relying on Union Carbide Agric. Prods. Co. v. Costle, 632
F.2d
1014, 1018 (2d Cir. 1980) and Med. Soc'y of N.Y. v. Toia, 560 F.2d 535, 538 (2d
Cir.
1977)). As we have explained, "[t]his exception reflects the idea that
governmental policies implemented through legislation or regulations developed
through presumptively reasoned democratic processes are entitled to a higher
degree of deference and should not be enjoined lightly." Able v. United States,
44 F.3d 128, 131 (2d Cir. 1995).
DFS's attempt to curb online payday lending in New York was a
paradigmatic example of "governmental action taken in the public interest,"
Plaza Health Labs, 878 F.2d at 580, one that vindicated proven "policies
implemented through legislation or regulations." Able, 44 F.3d at 131. New
York's usury prohibitions date back to the late 18th century. New York enacted
the current cap - 16 percent interest on short-term loans made by non-bank,
unlicensed lenders-- decades ago. See N.Y. Banking Law § 14-a (McKinney
2014) (noting original enactment date of Dec. 31, 1979). New York courts have
12
consistently upheld and enforced such laws; as the New York Court of Appeals
wrote in 1977, usury laws protect "impoverished debtors from improvident
transactions drawn by lenders and brought on by dire personal financial stress."

Schneider, 41 N.Y.2d at 243. New York regulatory authorities, both at the behest

of successive Attorneys General and now the Superintendent of Financial
Services,3 have pursued businesses that lent money at interest rates above the
legal limit. See e.g., Press Release, New York State Office of the Attorney
General, Spitzer Not Preempted in Suit to Stop Illegal Payday Lending Scheme
(May 28, 2004), available at
http://www.ag.ny.gov/press-release/spitzer-notpreempted-
suit-stop-illegal-payday-lending-scheme (describing lawsuit brought
by former Attorney General Eliot Spitzer). Although plaintiffs argue that New
York lacks the authority to enforce its laws against tribal lenders (and they
may
3 At oral argument, plaintiffs argued that Superintendent Lawsky lacked
authority to enforce the state's banking laws, and thus had not acted in the
public
interest. That position, dubious as it is, misses the point. New York usury laws

announce a clear principle - unlicensed, non-bank lenders cannot charge more
than 16 percent interest per year. To act to enforce that rule is to act in
defense of
a "statutory or regulatory scheme." In any event, the complaint never suggested
that DFS's actions were unlawful because they exceeded the powers granted by
the agency's enabling statute, nor did plaintiffs otherwise raise that claim
either
in the district court or in their briefing in this Court. The argument is
therefore
not properly before us, and we do not consider it further.
13
be right in the end), there is no question as to what those laws require.
For this reason, plaintiffs must establish a likelihood of success on the
merits to win injunctive relief at this early stage. Our decision in Haitian
Centers
Council, Inc. v. McNary, 969 F.2d 1326 (2d Cir. 1992), is not to the contrary.
There, we upheld an order enjoining the Immigration and Nationalization
Service ("INS") from limiting Haitian asylum applicants' contact with counsel
while they were detained at Guantanamo Bay. Id. at 1347. We did so even
though the plaintiffs demonstrated only a fair ground for litigation rather than
a
likelihood of success on the merits. Id. at 1339. The government could not
identify any specific statute or regulation that allowed it to deny counsel to
applicants at their screening interviews -- a top official had announced the
policy
in a memo in response to a flood of applicants following a coup. The agency
sought to moor its policy choice in the "broad grant of authority in the
[Immigration and Nationality Act]" to screen emigrants. Id. We deemed that too
general an authority to trigger the higher standard for a preliminary
injunction.
Id. "We believe that in litigation such as is presented herein," we explained,
"no
party has an exclusive claim on the public interest." Id. The "likelihood of
14
success" prong, we held, "need not always be followed merely because a movant
seeks to enjoin government action." Id.
This case is distinguishable from Haitian Centers Council in two respects.
First, DFS acted to enforce a rule embodied in a specific statute. In contrast,
the
INS enforced a much more informal policy, hastily adopted without the benefit
of either specific statutory instructions or regulations issued after a public
noticeand-
comment process. Second, New York's view of the "public interest" has
been defined and reaffirmed by all three branches of government for many years.
Unlike the novel issue presented by Haitian detainees seeking counsel while they

awaited transfer to the continental United States, New York long ago confronted
and answered the policy question posed in this case - whether businesses should
be allowed to make triple-digit, short-term loans to those with an acute
liquidity
problem but no credit with which to solve it. Thus, "the full play of the
democratic process involving both the legislative and executive branches has
produced a policy in the name of the public interest embodied in a statute and
implementing regulations." Able, 44 F.3d at 131. That policy is entitled to "a
higher degree of deference" than a private party's position would merit, and we
15
must be sure that, in all likelihood, New York has acted unlawfully before we
substitute our judgment for that of the political branches. Id.
We recognize that the plaintiffs' argument that there are "public interests
on both sides" in this case, is not without force. The tribes are independent
nations, and New York's regulatory efforts may hinder the tribes' ability to
provide for their members and manage their own internal affairs. But as we
explained in Oneida Nation of N.Y. v. Cuomo, 645 F.3d 154 (2d Cir. 2011), "[a]
party seeking to enjoin governmental action taken in the public interest
pursuant
to a statutory or regulatory scheme cannot rely on the fair ground for
litigation
alternative even if that party seeks to vindicate a sovereign or public
interest."
Id. at 164 (holding that Oneida Nation must prove a likelihood of success on the

merits to merit a preliminary injunction enjoining New York from enforcing tax
scheme on the tribe's cigarette sales). Despite the possibly serious intrusion
on
tribal interests posed by this case, the plaintiffs must still meet the higher
standard.4
4 As the Supreme Court reaffirmed in Winter v. Natural Res. Def. Council,
Inc., 555 U.S. 7 (2008), a plaintiff seeking a preliminary injunction must
demonstrate not just that they have some likelihood of success on the merits and

will suffer irreparable harm absent an injunction, but also that the "the
balance of
16
II. Likelihood of Success on the Merits
Plaintiffs claim that DFS infringed upon tribal sovereignty in two ways.
They argue that New York had no authority to order tribes to stop issuing loans
originated on Native American reservations, and that New York regulated
activity far outside its borders when it launched a "market-based campaign" to
shut down tribal lending in every state in the Union. But to prove either of
these
claims, plaintiffs had to demonstrate that the challenged transactions occurred
somewhere other than New York, and, if they occurred on reservations, that the
tribes had a substantial interest in the lending businesses. As described below,

the district court reasonably concluded that plaintiffs failed to do so.
equities tips in his favor[] and . . . an injunction is in the public interest."
Id. at
20. Our Circuit has not examined the relationship between whether a challenged
action is "taken in the public interest" and whether an injunction barring that
action "is in the public interest." It is certainly possible that Plaza Health,
Able,
and Oneida Nation would not control the latter question. We raise the standard
of proof for injunctions against actions "taken in the public interest" out of
deference to the political branches' judgments. But once a court finds a likely
violation, it is then institutionally well-positioned to evaluate whether a
specific
remedy (that is, a preliminary injunction) would serve the public interest. A
court might well find that the tribes' sovereign interest in raising revenue
militate
in favor of prohibiting a separate sovereign from interfering in their affairs.
We
need not definitively answer this question, however, because, as we explain
below, plaintiffs have not proven a likelihood of success on the merits.
17
A. The "Who," "Where," and "What" of the Indian Commerce Clause
Indian Commerce Clause jurisprudence balances two conflicting
principles. On the one hand, Native Americans retain the right to "make their
own laws and be ruled by them." Williams v. Lee, 358 U.S. 217, 220 (1959). On
the other, tribes are only "semi-independent"; their sovereign authority is "an
anomalous one and of a complex character," McClanahan v. State Tax Comm'n
of Az., 411 U.S. 164, 173 (1973), because tribes remain "ultimately dependent on

and subject to the broad power of Congress," White Mountain Apache Tribe v.
Bracker, 448 U.S. 136, 143 (1980). With these two principles in mind, the
Supreme Court has held that states may regulate tribal activities, but only in a

limited manner, one constrained by tribes' fundamental right to self-government,

and Congress's robust power to manage tribal affairs.5 Id. at 142-43. That
delicate balance results in an idiosyncratic doctrinal regime, one that, as the
5 The Supreme Court has described these twin limitations as creating "two
independent but related barriers to the assertion of state regulatory
authority,"
one a traditional federal preemption hurdle, the other a more abstract deference

to tribal sovereignty. Bracker, 448 U.S. at 143. Although "either, standing
alone,
can be a sufficient basis for holding state law inapplicable," both are governed
by
the same doctrinal test and we need not distinguish between them to resolve this

case. Id.
18
Ninth Circuit has described, requires "careful attention to the factual setting"
of
state regulation of tribal activity. Barona Band of Mission Indians v. Yee, 528
F.3d 1184, 1190 (9th Cir. 2008).
The breadth of a state's regulatory power depends upon two criteria--the
location of the targeted conduct and the citizenship of the participants in that

activity. Native Americans "going beyond the reservation boundaries" must
comply with state laws as long as those laws are "non-discriminatory [and] . . .

otherwise applicable to all citizens of [that] State." Mescalero Apache Tribe v.

Jones, 411 U.S. 145, 148-49 (1973) ("Mescalero I"). For example, in Mescalero I,

the Supreme Court held that New Mexico could collect sales and use taxes from a
ski resort owned by a Native American tribe that was located outside a
reservation's borders. Id. at 149. Every business in the state had to pay the
tax,
and the Indian Commerce Clause did not create an exception to that rule.
But once a state reaches across a reservation's borders its power diminishes
and courts must weigh the interests of each sovereign--the tribes, the federal
government, and the state--in the conduct targeted by the state's regulation.
The scales will tip according to the citizenship of the participants in the
conduct.
19
As the Supreme Court explained in Bracker, "[w]hen on-reservation conduct
involving only Indians is at issue, state law is generally inapplicable, for the

State's regulatory interest is likely to be minimal and the federal interest in
encouraging tribal self-government is at its strongest." 448 U.S. at 144. A
state's
interest waxes, however, if "the conduct of non-Indians" is in question. Id. A
court conducts a more "particularized inquiry into the nature of the state,
federal,
and tribal interests at stake." Id. at 144-45. In Bracker, the Supreme Court
engaged in that "particularized inquiry" and held that Arizona could not impose
fuel and use taxes on a non-Indian hauler moving timber across a reservation.
Although Arizona wished to raise revenue, the federal government and the
tribe's shared commitment to the continued growth and productivity of tribal
logging enterprises outweighed Arizona's interest.
Thus, "the 'who' and the 'where' of the challenged [regulation] have
significant consequences," ones that are often "dispositive." Wagnon v. Prairie
Band Potawatomi Nation, 546 U.S. 95, 101 (2005). And even when the "who" and
"where" are clear, a court must still understand "what" a regulation targets to
weigh interests appropriately. A tribe's interest peaks when a regulation
20
threatens a venture in which the tribe has invested significant resources. In
New
Mexico v. Mescalero Apache Tribe, 462 U.S. 324 (1983) ("Mescalero II"), the
Supreme Court held that a state could not enforce its hunting laws against non-
Indian sportsmen who hunted and fished on a reservation. Id. at 341. The tribe
had "engaged in a concerted and sustained undertaking to develop and manage
the reservation's wildlife and land resources," and state regulations threatened
to
unsettle and supplant those investments. Id.
Four years later, the Court echoed that conclusion in California v. Cabazon
Band of Mission Indians, 480 U.S. 202 (1987). There, the Court permitted Native
American tribes to continue operating on-reservation bingo games without
complying with California's gambling restrictions, even though the tribes
catered
their games to non-Native American customers. The tribes had "built modern[,]
. . . comfortable, clean, and attractive facilities," and developed rules and
procedures to ensure "well-run games." Those sunk costs were a "substantial
interest" that outweighed California's interest in curbing organized crime's
"infiltration of the tribal games." Id. at 219-21.
21
In contrast, a tribe has no legitimate interest in selling an opportunity to
evade state law. In Washington v. Confederated Tribes of the Colville Indian
Reservation, 447 U.S. 134 (1980), the Supreme Court held that tribal stores had
to
collect a state tax on cigarettes sold to non-Native American customers. Id. at
161. All the "smokeshops offer[ed to non-member] customers, [that was] not
available elsewhere, [was] solely an exemption from state taxation." Id. at 155.

"[W]hether stated in terms of pre-emption, tribal self-government, or
otherwise,"
tribes did not have any legitimate interest in "market[ing] an exemption from
state taxation to persons who would normally do their business elsewhere." Id.
Factual questions, then, pervade every step of the analysis required by the
Indian Commerce Clause. A court must know who a regulation targets and
where the targeted activity takes place. Only then can it either test for
discriminatory laws, as in Mescalero I, or balance competing interests, as in
Bracker. And even if a court knows enough to trigger a weighing of competing
interests, a court must still know what the nature of those interests are. Only
then can it assess whether a regulation threatens a significant investment, as
in
Mescalero II and Cabazon, or whether a tribe has merely masked a legal loophole
22
in the cloak of tribal sovereignty, as in Colville. Given the fact-dependent
nature
of these inquiries, it is no surprise that, as detailed below, plaintiffs have
failed to
prove a likelihood of success on the merits at this early stage of the
litigation.
B. The Ambiguity of Internet Loans and Cooperative Campaigns
Loans brokered over the internet seem to exist in two places at once.
Lenders extend credit from reservations; borrowers apply for and receive loans
without leaving New York State. Neither our court nor the Supreme Court has
confronted a hybrid transaction like the loans at issue here, e-commerce that
straddles borders and connects parties separated by hundreds of miles. We need
not resolve that novel question today -- the answer will depend on facts brought

to light over the course of litigation. On the record now before us, plaintiffs
have
not offered sufficient proof of the "who," "where," and "what" of the challenged

loans. Without knowing more facts, we cannot say that the District Court
unreasonably concluded that New York regulated transactions brokered
"entirely off tribal land," or that District Court erred when, relying on that
conclusion, it held that New York's even-handed treatment of payday lenders
23
did not violate the Indian Commerce Clause. Otoe-Missouria Tribe of Indians,
974 F. Supp. 2d at 360.
First, plaintiffs claim that New York had no authority to demand that the
lenders "cease and desist" from extending loans to New York residents. At the
outset, we note that even if these letters, which were sent to tribal lenders
(among
other payday lenders), constitute attempted regulation of on-reservation
activities, plaintiffs do not allege that the letters caused them harm; the
damage
to their business derived not from the cease-and-desist letter, which plaintiffs

appear to have ignored, but from actions discussed below that allegedly caused
the tribal lenders' non-tribal off-reservation banking partners to cease doing
business with them.
In any event, plaintiffs provided insufficient evidence to establish that they
are likely to succeed in showing that the internet loans should be treated as
onreservation
activity. As the district court noted, plaintiffs "built a wobbly
foundation for their contention that [New York] . . . regulat[ed] activity that
occur[ed] on the Tribes' lands." Id. The lenders' affidavits boldly (but
conclusorily) assert that "loans are approved through processes that occur on .
. .
24
Reservation[s]," but nowhere do they state what specific portion of a lending
transaction took place at any facility physically located on a reservation.
Plaintiffs averred that loans were processed through "website[s] owned and
controlled by the Tribes," but never identified the citizenship of the personnel

who manage the websites, where they worked, or where the servers hosting the
websites were located. Loans were approved by a "Tribal loan underwriting
system," a vague description that could refer to the efforts of Native American
actuaries working on a reservation, but could also refer to myriad other
"systems"-- software developed and administered by an off-site company, paid
consultants located anywhere in the world, or any number of other
arrangements. Loans were funded out of "Tribally owned bank accounts," but
those accounts were apparently held in, and perhaps funded by, non-tribal
banks; the necessary involvement of non-tribal financial institutions is the
very
basis of plaintiffs' claim that their business collapsed when banks pulled out
of
the payday lending business after receiving New York's letter. Thus, even if we
agreed that New York customers traveled elsewhere when they opened an
25
internet browser, the lenders failed to establish where those customers
metaphorically went, and who exactly approved their loans.
The complexities introduced by modern electronic commercial transactions
also weaken plaintiffs' arguments. Much of the commercial activity at issue
takes place in New York. That is where the borrower is located; the borrower
seeks the loan without ever leaving the state, and certainly without traveling
to
the reservation. Even if we concluded that a loan is made where it is approved,
the transaction New York seeks to regulate involves the collection as well as
the
extension of credit, and that collection clearly takes place in New York. The
loan
agreements permit the lenders to reach into the borrowers' accounts, most or all

of them presumably located in New York, to effect regular, automatic wire
transfers from those accounts to make periodic payments on the loans.
A court might ultimately conclude that, despite these circumstances, the
transaction being regulated by New York could be regarded as on-reservation,
based on the extent to which one side of the transaction is firmly rooted on the

reservation. Because significant aspects of the transaction and its attendant
regulation are distinctly not located on-reservation, however, ambiguities in
the
26
record about those portions of the transaction that purportedly are loom all the

larger.6
Given this decidedly ambiguous and insufficient record as to the details of
the purportedly on-reservation portions of the loan transactions, plaintiffs
insist
that the courts' traditional "on-or-off reservation" analysis is an
"overlysimplistic"
approach to the "modern world of e-commerce." It is enough,
plaintiffs argue, that tribes bear the "legal burden of the regulation," and,
with
that in mind, they contend that the court should proceed directly to the
interest
balancing prescribed in Bracker.
6 Although the burden remains with plaintiffs to prove that they are likely to
succeed on the merits, it is worth noting that New York's legal theories also
rest
on uncertain factual premises. New York urges us to look to other common-law
tests that measure a state's stake in a transaction and import those criteria
into
Indian Commerce Clause jurisprudence. All of those doctrines, New York
argues, would place the tribes' loans squarely in New York, and thus, the state
would win as a matter of law.
But all of those doctrines turn on facts that are not clearly established on
this record. For example, as our cases addressing whether a court has personal
jurisdiction over a remote e-commerce seller have explained, "a website's
interactivity" - that is, the amount of back-and-forth between a consumer and a
seller-- will often "be useful" for determining whether a seller "purposefully
availed himself of the privilege of conducting activities within [a state], thus

invoking the benefits and protections of its laws." Best Van Lines, Inc. v.
Walker,
490 F.3d 239, 252 (2d Cir. 2007) (citations and alterations omitted). The record

contains little or no information, however, about how the lenders' websites
work. Thus, even if we were to adopt New York's view of the law, we would still
find the record too sketchy to decide the merits of this case.
27
As discussed above, Supreme Court precedent that we are not free to
disregard directs us to make the initial inquiry into the location of the
regulated
activity. Even assuming that the electronic nature of the transaction at issue
here
would permit us to distinguish those cases and proceed to interest balancing,
plaintiffs have not provided sufficient evidence of what we would weigh were
we to adopt that test. At first blush, the tribal lenders' payday loans resemble
the
Colville tribes' tax-free cigarettes: Tribes profit from leveraging an
artificial
comparative advantage, one which allows them to sell consumers a way to evade
state law.7 In theory, the tribes may have built the electronic equivalent of
"modern[,] . . . comfortable, clean, attractive facilities" like the ones in
Cabazon,
and they may have "engaged in a concerted and sustained undertaking to
develop and manage" limited capital resources as the tribe did in Mescalero II.
But the record does not reflect any such "substantial interest." Cabazon, 480
U.S.
7 This possibility has not gone unnoticed by members of the Supreme Court.
In his recent dissent in Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Community (a case that
presented a related, but ultimately distinct issue, whether tribes are immune
from suit), Justice Thomas warned that "payday lenders . . . often arrange to
share fees or profits with tribes so they can use tribal immunity as a shield
for
conduct of questionable legality." 134 S. Ct. 2024, 2052 (2014) (Thomas, J.,
dissenting).
28
at 220. As noted above, it is not entirely clear just what the lenders have
virtually
"built," and in any event the record contains no information about the extent of

investment that was required.8
Second, plaintiffs claim that DFS infringed upon tribal sovereignty by
launching a "national campaign" with the "express purpose of destroying
out-ofstate
tribal businesses." That claim rests on equally tenuous ground: Read in
their strongest form, DFS's letters requested that ACH and banks stop processing

payday loans made to New York customers. But, again assuming that New
York's letters requesting that banks and ACH cooperate with DFS constitute
regulation, that effort was directed to those aspects of online lending that are

remote from the reservation. The direct force of DFS's request fell upon parties

located far from a reservation, on financial institutions that plaintiffs
themselves
claim are indispensable outside partners.
8 We are sensitive to plaintiffs' claim that profits from lending fuel economic
growth, and that without those earnings, growth will stagnate or, worse,
disappear. The value created by re-investing profits, however, is not a measure
of the size of the investment that generated those profits. In both Cabazon and
Colville, the Court weighed a tribe's interest by estimating a tribe's sunk
costs in
a venture, not their potential future earnings. Here, we cannot say whether the
tribes have a substantial interest in lending businesses because we do not know
the nature or extent of resources invested in those businesses.
29
For DFS's "campaign" to have run afoul of the Indian Commerce Clause,
the lenders must demonstrate that DFS treated financial intermediaries as a
proxy for Native American tribes. To do so, plaintiffs would have to show that
DFS acted with the intent of regulating tribes, or that its outreach had that
effect.
New York's alleged efforts to influence the banks and ACH can hardly be
considered discriminatory, or specifically aimed at tribal lenders, as the state

asked that the banks and ACH stem loans made by any online lender. The letters
targeted a diverse group of lenders, the majority of whom had no affiliation
with
Native American tribes. If DFS cast a broad net with the ulterior motive of
ensnaring just the tribes, that intent was certainly well-hidden.
It is not clear, moreover, that the DFS letters required the banks and ACH
to take any particular action. To be sure, the letters contained a few ominous
turns of phrases; they requested that financial institutions "choke-off ACH
access" and "stamp out . . . pernicious, illegal payday loans." But the letters
also
concluded with soft requests, asking for a simple meeting to explore
"cooperation." It is impossible to know what this ambiguous tone, at once
bombastic and conciliatory, implies about DFS's intent to take regulatory action

to coerce the banks and ACH to act.
30
Nor is it clear that New York's actions would have had any different effects
if the tribal lenders had not been explicitly identified by DFS. New York's
usury
laws apply to all lenders, not just tribal lenders, and DFS's letters to the
banks
and ACH made clear that New York regulators disapproved of the facilitation by
banks of high-interest payday lending from outside the state. The Indian
Commerce Clause has no bearing on New York's efforts to discourage banks
from cooperating with non-Indian payday lenders.9 Because it is not clear why
the banks and ACH reacted as they did to DFS's letters, it is uncertain that
they
would have continued to do business with tribal lenders if DFS had cited only
the
general problem of payday lending.
9 Plaintiffs do not seek to challenge New York's action directed against
nontribal
lenders, nor do they argue that they have standing to do so. To the extent
the lenders assert that a national "campaign" launched by New York
impermissibly burdened commerce between the tribes and borrowers in states
other than New York, they elide restrictions inherent in the Interstate Commerce

Clause with the limits imposed by the Indian Commerce Clause. Although the
Interstate Commerce Clause contains a "dormant" protection that prohibits states

from discriminating against interstate commerce, courts have never inferred that

the Indian Commerce Clause contains a similar unspoken shield. As Justice
Marshall explained in Ramah Navajo School Board, Inc. v. Bureau of Revenue of
New Mexico, 458 U.S. 832 (1982), "existing pre-emption analysis," that is, the
analysis prescribed in Bracker, is "sufficiently sensitive" to the concerns
addressed in dormant Interstate Commerce Clause jurisprudence, so that the
Court "[did] not believe it necessary to adopt [a] new [dormant Indian
Commerce Clause] approach." Id. at 845-46.
31
Thus, it is not clear what to infer, if anything, from the decisions made by
ACH and other banks. Although it is possible that the companies believed that
they had to comply with DFS's agenda, it is equally possible that they simply
made an independent calculation that the benefits of avoiding potential
violations of New York law outweighed the benefits of doing business with
payday lenders in general or with tribal lenders in particular. It is far from
clear
that the banks and ACH would have continued to do business with plaintiffs if
DFS had simply requested that they drop their business relationships with
payday lenders in general.
In sum, the record presented to the district provided ambiguous answers
to what are fundamentally factual questions. With the benefit of discovery,
plaintiffs may amass and present evidence that paints a clearer picture of the
"who," "where," and "what" of online lending, and may ultimately prevail in
this litigation. But at this stage, the record is still murky, and thus, the
District
Court reasonably held that plaintiffs had not proven that they would likely
succeed on the merits.
32
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, we AFFIRM the District Court's denial of
plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction.
33

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Tester aims to bolster Native American early childhood education

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester has introduced legislation to bolster early childhood
education opportunities for Native American families.





 Tester's Tribal Early Childhood Education Act will better coordinate existing
tribal early education initiatives, provide additional funding to start or
expand early childhood programs, and recruit and retain more early childhood
teachers to Native American classrooms.



 "Graduation rates will not improve in Indian Country if students continue to
fall behind at the starting line," said Tester, Vice-Chairman of the Senate
Indian Affairs Committee. "This bill invests in Native American students, puts
them on a path to graduate on time, and better prepares them to launch a
successful career."



 The Tribal Early Childhood Act amends the Native American Programs Act of 1974
to provide tribes and tribal organizations the ability to obtain technical
assistance and training to administer new childhood education initiatives, more
easily navigate through the red tape that has restricted many tribes from
previously accessing early childhood education resources, and directly
coordinate six different tribal early childhood initiatives operated by the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services.



 The bill also provides supplementary funding to bolster early childhood
education infrastructure and facilities, as well as extend the federal teacher
loan forgiveness programs for early childhood educators to better recruit and
retains teachers in Indian Country.



 Native American kindergartners are more likely to be held back than any other
peer group and Native American students graduate high school at the lowest rate
in the nation.



 Children who do not participate in early childhood education are 25 percent
more likely to drop out of school and 60 percent more likely to never attend
college.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Mohegan Sun operator looks to refinance debt

LENGTH: 192 words


Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, which operates the Mohegan Sun casino, plans to
refinance its bank debt with $715 million in new loans.

The Native American tribal entity that runs Uncasville, Conn.-based Mohegan Sun
announced on Oct. 17 that it is working with RBS Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc., and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC on the
refinancing.

The proposed loan package contains a $100 million senior secured revolving
credit facility, a $150 million senior secured term loan A facility and a $465
million senior secured term loan B, subject to market conditions.

Moody's Investors Service gave each tranche of the proposed loan a B2 rating, in
an Oct. 17 report.

MTGA plans to use the proceeds to refinance its existing term loan facility with
Bank of America NA and its term loan led by Wells Fargo LLC.

Moody's noted that the combined effect of this refinancing and MTGA's recent
refinancing of its third-lien notes would lower its yearly interest expense by
about $10 million. The refinancing would also ensure that MTGA has no material
debt maturities until 2018.  -  Lisa Allen

DEAL SIZE

$ 500 Million to 1 Billion

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Ariz. Banks Team Up to Earn CRA Credits

                            November 6, 2000, Monday

BY KATIE KUEHNER-HEBERT



Banks in Arizona are teaming up to provide much-needed credit to the state's
Native Americans and at the same time meet Community Reinvestment Act
obligations and acquire customers.

Nine banks, ranging from $61 million-asset Valley Bank of Arizona in Phoenix to
$234 billion-asset Wells Fargo & Co., have formed a nonprofit corporation that
will make consumer and small business loans to members of the state's 21 tribes.
By forming the Arizona Native American Community Development Corp. -- the first
nonprofit of its kind to be completely funded by banks -- the participants will
share the risk in lending to Native Americans and collect CRA credits based on
the amount of their contribution.

Each of the banks is anteing up at least $2,500 for shares in the organization,
which aims to make its first loan by early next year. The founders hope to raise
$2.5 million by yearend and are looking for more bank members, said Barbara
Boone, Community Reinvestment Act officer in the Tempe office of $1.4
billion-asset National Bank of Arizona.

Other enrollees include Bank One Corp., Washington Mutual Inc., a Marshall &
Ilsley Corp. unit, and a few community banks.

Banks have historically been skittish about lending to Indians, Ms. Boone said,
because most tribe members do not own land and therefore cannot pledge it as
collateral. Moreover, sovereign tribal laws usually have jurisdiction in
disputes with bank customers.

As a result, lending on reservations has been almost "nonexistent," said
Cassandra Wilson, CRA officer for $1 billion-asset M&I Thunderbird Bank in
Phoenix, one of the nonprofit's nine bank enrollees. Tribes in other states have
formed banks themselves -- the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians founded Borrego
Springs Bank in San Diego County, for example -- but the movement has yet to
catch on in Arizona.

"I think California is a more progressive state," Ms. Wilson said. "The Arizona
Native American population has been slower in dealing with these issues."

However, the tribes will be heavily involved in the Arizona corporation. Each
tribe will elect a loan committee to review applications and make
recommendations. The committees "will act as go-betweens," Ms. Wilson said.
"They will be able to tell us who is good for a loan and who is not." The
committees will be able to structure loan terms in accordance with tribal laws,
which should help keep disputes to a minimum: Recipients' promise will be their
collateral.

"On the reservation, there is a shame that comes with not being of your word,"
Ms. Wilson said. "The is a greater obligation to take care of a loan repayment
when you're essentially borrowing from people in your neighborhood who have said
that you're good for the money."

The corporation will be overseen by the American Indian Credit Association of
Browning, Mont., which has helped to set up credit associations on reservations
in Nevada and Arizona. Unlike the Arizona Native American Community Development
Corp., the other credit associations have been funded primarily by state and
federal government grants.

Participating banks are also hoping to gain new customers through the venture.

"We can introduce them to traditional banking products, such as checking
accounts or CDs," Ms. Wilson said. "We have two branches located very close to
Native American land, and we're hoping to cross-sell traditional banking
products in our branches."

Copyright c 2000 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 585 words

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 17, 2013

Turtle Mountain Housing awarded grant

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 302  words


The Turtle Mountain Housing Authority (TMHA) has been awarded a Fiscal Year 2013
grant for the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Ac
(NA-HASDA) in the amount of $7,037,373.00 of which the Trenton Indian Housing
Authority will receive four percent or $281,491.

The TMHA is pleased to announce as part of the Indian Housing Plan for our
Tribally Designated Housing Entity (TDHE) the following programs for eligible
Native American individuals or families, whose income fall within 80 percent of
the median family income for Rolette County.

1. Elderly/handicapped accessibility program - $100,000 - This program is
intended to provide services to tribal families if a family member is
permanently disabled due to age and/or an accident. Up to 50 eligible
individuals will receive a maximum grant of $2,000 to install ramps and
exterior/interior doors to allow for better accessibility.

2. Rehabilitation/emergency loans - $100,000 - This program will help 20 to 25
eligible homeowners with a low interest loan for up to $5,000 for minor
renovation or emergencies to address health and safety issues, as determined by
TMHA.

3. Rehabilitation grants for elderly tribal homeowners - $200,000 - For 20
eligible tribal elders, to assist with the renovation of existing homes, to
bring the home up to standard living condition, with a grant of up to $10,000.

Other activities include: $60,200 for security camera installation at project
sites, $298,600 for interior/exterior renovation and parking lot repair for the
retirement home, $1,200,000 for the development of infrastructure for 28 low
income homes that will be located at St. Mary's project site.

For further information on the application process for the TMHA programs,
contact Michelle Martin, alternative housing officer, at 477-5673 ext. 15.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Turtle Mountain Star


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Washington: NCUA Grants First Federal Charter of 2013

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Credit Union Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) today announced the approval of
the first new federal credit union charter of 2013. Northern Eagle Federal
Credit Union, a multiple common-bond credit union, will serve the approximately
4,900 people who are members or employees of the Bois Forte Band of Chippewa,
along with employees of related select occupational groups.

"Every American deserves access to affordable financial services, but many
Native Americans unfortunately lack access to federally insured financial
services providers or only have access to predatory lenders," said NCUA Board
Chairman Debbie Matz. "The chartering of Northern Eagle Federal Credit Union
addresses a real need. The credit union has the potential to play an important
role in improving the lives and financial well-being of Northern Minnesota's
Chippewa communities. I commend the individuals who worked so hard to establish
this Native American credit union."

Northern Eagle expects to open in December 2013 and will be headquartered in
Nett Lake, Minn. During its first year of operations, the credit union plans to
offer:

[#x200b]regular shares,
 share drafts,
 share certificates,
 club accounts,
 non-member deposits,

[#x200b]unsecured loans,
 credit repair loans,
 anti-predatory loans,
 share secured loans,
 auto loans,

[#x200b]other secured loans,
 prepaid debit cards,
 money orders,
 cashier checks, and
 direct deposit.

To reach a geographically dispersed field of membership, Northern Eagle plans to
offer online banking. Adult and youth financial literacy education will be an
important part of the credit union's strategic plan.

Northern Eagle has also received a low-income credit union designation from
NCUA. This designation allows the credit union to accept non-member deposits,
obtain grants and loans from the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund,
offer secondary capital accounts and qualify for certain exemptions from
statutory limits on member business lending.

Staff from NCUA's Office of Small Credit Union Initiatives worked with the
sponsoring Boise Forte Band of Chippewa Reservation Tribal Council during the
chartering process to develop business plans and establish financial projections
for the credit union. NCUA will continue to provide assistance as Northern Eagle
begins operation.

The Bois Forte Band of Chippewa Reservation Tribal Council is sponsoring this
credit union and will have full responsibility for the delivery of all
government programs and services to its people. The Council has created several
organizations under its jurisdiction, including the Bois Forte Development
Corporation, which is responsible for operating several organizations on behalf
of the Band, including a casino, hotel, golf course and radio station.

For more information please visit: www.ncua.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 28, 1994

Native Americans and Mortgages

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 808 words


James Berg, an economic development officer for the Navajo Nation, Window Rock,
Ariz., got up at a recent community reinvestment conference in Honolulu and made
what seems to us a staggering statement, containing an urgent challenge to all
mortgage lenders.

Mr. Berg stated that to his knowledge, no bank had perfected a mortgage in the
entire 25,000 square miles of the Navajo Nation, a giant reservation that
sprawls across Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah.

Just to give a little geographic perspective to this statement, the reservation
is four times the size of the state in which Mr. Berg made his comment.

The pervasive lack of non-government mortgage lending on reservations is a
national disgrace.

In this era of heightened Community Reinvestment Act consciousness, Native
Americans who did make mortgage applications last year (this would presumably be
primarily non-reservation Indians) saw their Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
declination rates actually rise, to 28%.

No other minority registered an increase.

Granted, many of the potential borrowers would be low- to very-low income.

And - granted, the sovereign status of Indian nations and the legal status of
tribal trust land make this kind of mortgage something other than plain vanilla
lending.

According to Robert Parry, chief executive of the Federal Reserve Bank of San
Francisco, mortgages on tribal trust or restricted land have to have the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior and Congress.

In addition, lenders traditionally have feared that such loans lack collateral
because local courts have no foreclosure jurisdiction on reservations.

So they worry that it would be impossible to foreclose on a defaulted loan.

Or, knowing tribes' great unwillingness to part with any more land than that
which already has been taken from them, they fear they could not get a
foreclosure through the tribal courts which do have jurisdiction.

The 20th century is nearly over, but it's not too late for lenders, and tribes,
to enter it.

The reservations that NMN has visited often resemble Third World countries in
their lack of decent housing, decent health care and decent employment
opportunities.

It's time that the most American of peoples should be included in the most
American of aspirations -- the ability to own a home.

It is impossible to imagine that tribes would not work with lenders to
facilitate improving the bleak conditions that exist on their homelands.

There are tribes that feel they already have the proper codes in place to
accommodate private mortgage lending.

It's impossible to imagine many others would not act in the presence of good
faith attempts by lenders.

What would mortgage lenders get out of the equation?  First, they would get
access to the kind of borrowers that will help them fulfill fair lending and CRA
requirements and make them look much better on their HMDA data.

And low- and very-low-income borrowers don't have to spell disaster for the
right lender.  You can't fail to be impressed, for instance, by Angelo Mozilo's
experience at Countrywide Funding in Pasadena, Calif.  Mr. Mozilo's low-mod
delinquencies are 60 basis points lower than his FHA/VA portfolio.

It's just good business, Mr. Mozilo says, if you know how to do it right.

Secondly, lenders will be tapping a vast new area of potential business.
According to David Lester, head of the Council of Energy Resource Tribes, Native
Americans are the fastest growing minority population in the country today.  And
Rebecca Adamson, president of First Nations Development Institute, detailed at
the Honolulu meeting the spending power available at -- possibly the poorest
reservation in the country -- Pine Ridge in South Dakota.

When she surveyed Pine Ridge in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Ms. Adamson came
up with the same grim fact as Mr. Berg has for the Navajo reservation -- not a
single financial institution was on the reservation or made loans anywhere on
the tribal lands.

Yet, she said, the Indians there represent $ 233 million in spending and
respending power.

One alternative for tribes is to start their own bank to make mortgage and
agricultural loans, as the Blackfeet tribe in Montana did when the only
financial institution on its reservation was closed and no one else would come
in.

But that's not going to work in every case.

What will work quite obviously is if the secondary agencies decide to buy
mortgages made to Native Americans in any quantity.

Word around the Honolulu meeting is that the Federal National Mortgage
Association is close to making an announcement, possibly by yearend, concerning
Native Hawaiian and/or Native American loans.

If the agencies will buy these admittedly difficult, but potentially rewarding
mortgages, lenders will start making them.

And it's more than about time.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 18, 2011 Tuesday

Leech Lake Ojibwe seek to boost lending by using Minnesota's Uniform Commercial
Code filing system

BYLINE: Chris Newmarker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 650  words


The Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe will begin using the state's Uniform Commercial
Code filing system, a move it hopes makes it easier for more than 4,500 tribe
members -- as well as its three casinos and other tribal businesses on the north
central Minnesota reservation -- to secure bank loans.

Tribal leaders are scheduled on Friday to sign an agreement with Minnesota
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie in which Ritchie's office will agree to handle
UCC filings related to loans on the reservation with his office charging the
same fees for filings that it charges anyone else in the state.

The Uniform Commercial Code system in Minnesota and other U.S. states allows
banks to register property being used as collateral in loans, ensuring that the
collateral isn't being used elsewhere. The UCC includes rules that govern who
has the rights to the collateral if the loans default.

Until now, the Leech Lake Ojibwe have had to bring in an "army of lawyers"
whenever they were seeking financing, with inches-thick loan agreements
resulting, said Wally Storbakken, the tribe's economic development director.
Even with economic development loans granted internally by the tribe, there has
been little recourse to recover collateral if a member of the tribe defaulted.

Storbakken hopes the situation will change with the agreement with the state,
and he says leaders at the 10 other Native American reservations in Minnesota
are watching to see how Leech Lake Ojibwe's experiment plays out.

"We want to play a game here. The game is called 'grow our economy,'" Storbakken
said.

In a news release, Ritchie echoed a similar sentiment. "This joint powers
agreement will allow members of the Leech Lake Community to more easily access
capital and provide greater economic opportunities beneficial to our whole
state," he said.

The change would affect lending related to the more than half of the Leech Lake
Band of Ojibwe's 9,000 members who reside on the tribe's Leech Lake Reservation,
located in Cass, Itasca, Beltrami and Hubbard counties. Leech Lake Ojibwe
businesses include the Palace Casino and Hotel in Cass Lake; the Northern Lights
Casino, Hotel and Convention Center in Walker; and the White Oak Casino in Deer
River; as well as some gas stations and an office retail supply store.

Even though the state will administer UCC filings for the Leech Lake Ojibwe, the
tribe retains sovereign control over the system. The UCC on the reservation
includes some special rules. Tribal members, for example, aren't allowed to use
ancestral religious artifacts as collateral. A bank might still make a UCC
registration of a sacred pipe but would be sorely surprised if it ever had to
collect on it, Storbakken said.

Native American tribes across Minnesota have been interested in making UCC
arrangements for years, said Pamela Standing, co-chairwoman of the Minnesota
Indian Business Alliance. Such agreements, though, became possible only after
the state Legislature in 2010 passed a law that allowed the Minnesota secretary
of state to enter into an agreement without legislative approval. It also helped
that the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws created a
Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act that tribes can use as a template when
setting up a Uniform Commercial Code.

The Leech Lake Ojibwe are the third U.S. tribe to adopt a full UCC; the other
two tribes are the Crow Nation in Montana and the Oglala Sioux in South Dakota.

Getting UCCs set up at Native American reservations is a "great step forward to
standardize the filing," said Marshall MacKay, the president and chief executive
officer of the Independent Community Bankers of Minnesota.

MacKay, though, also cautioned that there's a difference between filing a lien
and executing it when a loan defaults. Banks, he said, will still have to learn
the rules of the reservation if they want to play there, though the rules will
now be clearer.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Clinton Pushes Plan to Raise Ownership on Indian Lands

                              July 9, 1999, Friday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN


President Clinton visited the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota on
Wednesday to examine the deteriorating housing and to sound the call for
building homeownership in Indian country.

His visit was part of a four-day tour of some of the nation's poorest areas.

The Oglala Lakota Sioux tribe lives in the poorest county in the nation, and the
Pine Ridge reservation is one of two targets that the government has identified
for its one-stop mortgage center initiative.

The other area where the government program is being implemented is the Navajo
reservation,which includes parts of New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah.

The program, led by the Treasury Department and the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, aims to streamline mortgage lending on tribal trust lands.
President Clinton began the initiative last summer.

President Clinton said unemployment on reservations, the lack of banks, and
overcrowding need to be addressed. "There is no more crucial building block for
a strong community and a promising future than a solid home," he told the
audience of business executives, members of Congress, and tribal- members.

The big obstacle to mortgage lending on tribal land is that the land is held in
trust for tribes by the federal government. This means titles cannot be
transferred in the event of a foreclosure. But Native American tribes, lenders,
and government agencies are working to change this.

Some companies announced programs designed to foster lending in Indian country.
Banc One Capital Markets and George K. Baum & Co., both municipal securities
underwriters, announced they would underwrite $300 million in bonds each year
for five years to create a market for reservation mortgages.

The MBA announced a partnership with HUD to help increase the rate of
homeownership on Indian reservations. The trade group said it will work with HUD
and with major lenders to originate 1,000 mortgage loans for purchases on Indian
lands over the next three years.

Norwest Mortgage, Fannie Mae, and the Oglala Sioux have also signed a $1 million
agreement to offer low-down-payment conventional mortgages to members of the
tribe for buying homes on tribal trust land.

Fannie Mae opened a partnership office in South Dakota early in the week with a
$500 million, five-year investment plan for the entire state. Fannie said it
would invest more than $3 million over the next five years to help the Oglala
Sioux. Investment activity will come through Fannie's American Communities Fund,
a community development venture capital fund.

The Mortgage Insurance Companies of America also said its members would insure
an additional $37 million in mortgages on reservations to enable Native
Americans to obtain mortgages with low down payments.

Chester Carl, the president of the National American Indian Housing Council and
executive director of the Navajo Housing Authority, welcomed the President's
visit to Pine Ridge.

"Native Americans are our first citizens, but last in terms of housing," Mr.
Carl said in a written statement that noted how rare homeownership is for Native
Americans. Between 1992 and 1996 only 91 conventional mortgage loans were made
on Indian reservations, he said, adding that there is a need for 200,000 homes
in Indian country.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 564 words

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Washington: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching; Meeting

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 226 (Monday, November 24, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Page 69831]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-27746]


=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE


Council for Native American Farming and Ranching; Meeting

AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of public meeting.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for
Native American Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory
committee of the Office of Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the
meetings are provided in accordance with section 10(a)(2) of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix 2). This
will be the second meeting of the 2014- 2016 CNAFR term and will
consist of, but not limited to: Hearing public comments; update on USDA
programs and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This
meeting will be open to the public.

DATES: The meeting will be held on December 10th, 2014 from 2:00 p.m.
to 5:45 p.m. and December 11th, 2014 from 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public. Note that a period for public
comment will be held on December 10th, 2014 from 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.

ADDRESSES: The meeting and public comment period will be held at the
Flamingo Las Vegas, 3555 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
in the Laughlin II Room.

WRITTEN COMMENTS: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery,
Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by
Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions should be directed to John
Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office of Tribal (OTR), 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC 20250; by
Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the provisions of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2),
USDA established an advisory council for Native American farmers and
ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee established
under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance of
the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted
final approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on
April 28, 2011.
 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report
to the Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to
advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the
participation of Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan
programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any changes to FSA
regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate
barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and
ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number of new
farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4)
to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery
of USDA farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating
new farming or ranching opportunities for Native American producers;
and (6) to address other related issues as deemed appropriate.
 The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members
representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in providing
solutions to the challenges of the aforementioned purposes. Equal
opportunity practices were considered in all appointments to the CNAFR
in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary selected the members in
September 2014. Interested persons may present views, orally or in
writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.
 Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or
before December 4, 2014. Oral presentations from the public will be
scheduled between approximately 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on December
10th. Those individuals interested in making formal oral presentations
should notify the contact person and submit a brief statement of the
general nature of the issue they wish to present and the names and
addresses of proposed participants by December 4, 2014. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on
the number of participants.
 OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to
the public via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no
later than 10 business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In
addition, the minutes from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web
site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations
due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10 business
days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2014-27746 Filed 11-21-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Public Meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA programs and
activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to
the public.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March
26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public. Note that a period for public comment will
be held on March 25, 2015, from 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Hilton Garden Inn
Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104
in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before March
20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th. Those individuals interested
in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit
a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and
the names and addresses of proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the
number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,

Director, Office of Tribal Relations.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 860  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Public Meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the first meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will
consist of, but not limited to: Hearing public comments; update of USDA programs
and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be
open to the public.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held on September 25th, 2014 from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. and
September 26th, 2014 from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The meeting will be open to the
public on both days. Note that a period for public comment will be held on
September 26th, from 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held at the Holiday Inn Washington--Capitol, 550 C Street
SW., Washington, DC 20024. The public comment period and CNAFR meeting will take
place within the Holiday Inn Washington--Capitol's House Meeting Room.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Tribal Relations Manager, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR),
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax:
(202) 720-1058; or by email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Tribal Relations Manager, OTR, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202)
720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA),
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by USDA farm loan
programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in August 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before
September 19th, 2014. Oral presentations from the public will be heard between
approximately 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on September 26th, 2014. Those individuals
interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person
and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to
present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by September 19th,
2014. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes
depending on the number of participants.

OTR will also make all agenda topics available to the public via the OTR Web
site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before
the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes from the meeting will
be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the
CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a
disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10 business days in advance of
the meeting.

Dated: August 29, 2014.

John Lowery,

Federal Designated Officer, Office of Tribal Relations.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Public Meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the fourth meeting of the CNAFR and will consist of, but not
limited to: Hearing public comments; update of USDA programs and activities; and
discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to the public.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held on September 9th, 2013 and September 10th, 2013 from 8
a.m. to 5 p.m. The meeting will be open to the public on both days. Note that a
period for public comment will be held on September 9th, from 3:30 p.m. to 4:30
p.m. and September 10th from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held at the L'Enfant Plaza Hotel, 480 L'Enfant Plaza SW.,
Washington, DC 20024. The public comment period and CNAFR meeting will take
place within the L'Enfant Plaza Hotel's Ballroom A.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Tribal Relations Manager, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR),
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax:
(202) 720-1058; or by email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Tribal Relations Manager, OTR, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202)
720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in May 2012. Interested persons may present views, orally
or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before
September 3rd, 2013. Oral presentations from the public will be heard between
approximately 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. on September 9th and from 10:00 a.m. to
11:00 a.m. on September 10th, 2013. Those individuals interested in making
formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit a brief
statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and the names
and addresses of proposed participants by September 3rd, 2013. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the
number of participants.

OTR will also make all agenda topics available to the public via the OTR Web
site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before
the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes from the meeting will
be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the
CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a
disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10 business days in advance of
the meeting.

Dated: August 8, 2013.

Leslie Wheelock,

Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 28, 2009 Monday

Pressure mounts for Obama to settle Indian farmer case

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words


Dec. 28--WASHINGTON -- A group of tribal governments and some of the top Indian
affairs lawmakers in the nation have added their voices to a growing chorus
asking the Obama administration to rectify a discrimination suit involving the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and Indian farmers.

The lawsuit, known as Keepseagle v. Vilsack, involves hundreds of tribal
plaintiffs from several states who have long argued that agriculture officials
denied or delayed a number of farm and ranch loans and emergency assistance
applications by Indians.

An expert report prepared by the plaintiffs estimates that the Indians involved
have been denied about $3 billion in credit, resulting in between $500 million
and $1 billion in damages.

Based on heightened calls for the Obama administration to settle the case, Sen.
Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., Kent Conrad, D-N.D., and Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D., sent a
letter requesting clarification to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in late
September.

Earlier in the month, the five tribes of North Dakota pressed for a settlement
and requested congressional attention.

"While we are not opining on the merits of the case, we are concerned that the
department is moving forward with foreclosures without these serious allegations
being resolved first," the lawmakers wrote.

They learned the department in early September took actions involving
foreclosures and debt collections that could negatively affect the financial
outlooks of Native Americans directly involved in the litigation.

The lawmakers also requested an update from the department on its progress
toward alleviating civil rights issues involving Indians.

The National Congress of American Indians has also taken action. A resolution
approved Oct. 16 by the organization of tribal governments noted that the
lawsuit is based on a similar one filed on behalf of black farmers, called the
Pigford case, in which the USDA settled with black farmers who had suffered
discrimination involving the department's loan programs.

Since the case was settled in the late-1990s, black farmers who were not part of
the initial case have received financial incentives by way of last year's farm
bill and intense maneuvering by the Congressional Black Caucus.

NCAI leaders said the Pigford case illustrates that a settlement is possible and
resolved to support a negotiated settlement of the Keepseagle case "as quickly
as possible."

The NCAI resolution also urged the Obama administration to reinstate a
moratorium on foreclosures of Native American farmers and ranchers until the
Keepseagle action is resolved.

Without such a moratorium on foreclosures, lawyers for the plaintiffs said large
numbers of Native American farmers and ranchers who allege the USDA
discriminated against them could lose their land before they have their day in
court.

The USDA has never agreed to compensate Native Americans for their lost property
and income caused by the agency's discrimination.

Department officials said they can't comment on the case because it is ongoing.

Joe Sellers, a lawyer for the tribal citizens, said he is optimistic that the
new expressions of support will help bring the case to the attention of
President Barack Obama.

"I'm hopeful that the administration is paying attention. Now is the time.

"I would think that this administration and this president in particular would
be interested in trying to treat the American Indian people fairly."

Sellers said Obama officials have not talked about a settlement to date.

Some legal experts believe tribal leaders may bring the case up at a planned
Nov. 5 gathering of tribal leaders with Obama in Washington.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091228-IC-INDIAN-FARMERS-DISC-SUIT-20091228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2009 Wednesday

Pressure mounts for Obama to settle Indian farmer case

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words


Oct. 28--WASHINGTON -- A group of tribal governments and some of the top Indian
affairs lawmakers in the nation have added their voices to a growing chorus
asking the Obama administration to rectify a discrimination suit involving the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and Indian farmers.

The lawsuit, known as Keepseagle v. Vilsack, involves hundreds of tribal
plaintiffs from several states who have long argued that agriculture officials
denied or delayed a number of farm and ranch loans and emergency assistance
applications by Indians.

An expert report prepared by the plaintiffs estimates that the Indians involved
have been denied about $3 billion in credit, resulting in between $500 million
and $1 billion in damages.

Based on heightened calls for the Obama administration to settle the case, Sen.
Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., Kent Conrad, D-N.D., and Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D., sent a
letter requesting clarification to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in late
September.

Earlier in the month, the five tribes of North Dakota pressed for a settlement
and requested congressional attention.

"While we are not opining on the merits of the case, we are concerned that the
department is moving forward with foreclosures without these serious allegations
being resolved first," the lawmakers wrote.

They learned the department in early September took actions involving
foreclosures and debt collections that could negatively affect the financial
outlooks of Native Americans directly involved in the litigation.

The lawmakers also requested an update from the department on its progress
toward alleviating civil rights issues involving Indians.

The National Congress of American Indians has also taken action. A resolution
approved Oct. 16 by the organization of tribal governments noted that the
lawsuit is based on a similar one filed on behalf of black farmers, called the
Pigford case, in which the USDA settled with black farmers who had suffered
discrimination involving the department's loan programs.

Since the case was settled in the late-1990s, black farmers who were not part of
the initial case have received financial incentives by way of last year's farm
bill and intense maneuvering by the Congressional Black Caucus.

NCAI leaders said the Pigford case illustrates that a settlement is possible and
resolved to support a negotiated settlement of the Keepseagle case "as quickly
as possible."

The NCAI resolution also urged the Obama administration to reinstate a
moratorium on foreclosures of Native American farmers and ranchers until the
Keepseagle action is resolved.

Without such a moratorium on foreclosures, lawyers for the plaintiffs said large
numbers of Native American farmers and ranchers who allege the USDA
discriminated against them could lose their land before they have their day in
court.

The USDA has never agreed to compensate Native Americans for their lost property
and income caused by the agency's discrimination.

Department officials said they can't comment on the case because it is ongoing.

Joe Sellers, a lawyer for the tribal citizens, said he is optimistic that the
new expressions of support will help bring the case to the attention of
President Barack Obama.

"I'm hopeful that the administration is paying attention. Now is the time.

"I would think that this administration and this president in particular would
be interested in trying to treat the American Indian people fairly."

Sellers said Obama officials have not talked about a settlement to date.

Some legal experts believe tribal leaders may bring the case up at a planned
Nov. 5 gathering of tribal leaders with Obama in Washington.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091028-IC-INDIAN-FARMERS-DISC-SUIT-20091028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Meetings: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 830  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Government has issued the following notice:

Action

Notice of public meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the second meeting of the 2014- 2016 CNAFR term and will
consist of, but not limited to: Hearing public comments; update on USDA programs
and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be
open to the public.
Dates

The meeting will be held on December 10th, 2014 from 2:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m. and
December 11th, 2014 from 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. The meeting will be open to the
public. Note that a period for public comment will be held on December 10th,
2014 from 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Addresses

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Flamingo Las Vegas,
3555 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109 in the Laughlin II Room.
Written Comments

Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer,
Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg.,
500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
For Further Information Contact

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
Supplementary Information

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before December
4, 2014. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on December 10th. Those individuals
interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person
and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to
present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by December 4,
2014. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes
depending on the number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.
Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2014-27746 Filed 11-21-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     August 21, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Native American Tribes Launch Legal Action Against State of New York in Major
Defense of Tribal Sovereignty

LENGTH: 558  words


New Delhi, Aug. 21 -- After recent actions by New York Department of Financial
Services (DFS) Administrator Benjamin Lawsky to unlawfully intimidate Native
American tribes and the legal and licensed businesses they run, a coalition of
Tribes has filed a complaint today with the United States District Court
Southern District of New York requesting an injunction against Lawsky's efforts.
The tribes filing the lawsuit are members of the Native American Financial
Services Association (NAFSA).



"Defendant Lawsky and the State of New York have overstepped their bounds with
their illegal attacks on our tribes," said Barry Brandon, Executive Director of
the Native American Financial Services Association (NAFSA). "His actions are a
flagrant denial of our rights as sovereign entities, and today, we are fighting
back to defend these rights."

"We have enjoyed these sovereign rights for centuries predating even the United
States," Brandon continued. "They have been established and reinforced by
Constitutional law, federal legislation, and a long history of legal rulings.
Our actions today will protect the sovereign rights of Native American tribes
and their wholly-owned businesses from extraterritorial attempts to impose New
York State laws on transactions governed by tribal law."

"This is a straightforward case that is about the real world importance of
Native American sovereign rights," said David Bernick of Boies, Schiller &
Flexner, LLP, who serves as Counsel of Record for the action. "Defendant Lawsky
knows that he doesn't have the authority to regulate and limit tribes'
sovereignty, which is why the Department of Financial Services has instead gone
after tribes' banking relationships. Since Defendant Lawsky has turned a blind
eye to hundreds of years of precedent, he has left tribes with only one clear
path: go to the courts to protect these very old and highly-respected rights."

The complaint argues that tribes will suffer irreparable injury absent
injunctive relief, as Defendant Lawsky's intimidation tactics against banks and
third-party processors have already led to significant harm to tribes' business
relationships. As a result, critical funding for government operations on tribal
lands, such as health care, social services, and education will be severely
impacted. Funding from these businesses can make up 25% of tribal operating
budgets, at a minimum.

The lawsuit was filed on behalf of the Otoe-Missouria Tribe, a
federally-recognized Indian Tribe; Great Plains Lending, LLC, a wholly-owned
tribal limited liability company; American Web Loan, Inc., a wholly-owned tribal
corporation; Otoe-Missouria Consumer Finance Services Regulatory Commission, a
tribal regulatory agency; Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Indians, a federally-recognized Indian Tribe; Red Rock Tribal Lending, LLC, a
wholly-owned tribal limited liability company; and  the Lac Vieux Desert Tribal
Financial Services Regulatory Authority, a tribal regulatory agency. Benjamin M.
Lawsky, in his individual capacity and in his official capacity as
Superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services, has been
named as the Defendant.

David Bernick of Boies, Schiller & Flexner, LLP, is serving as Counsel of Record
for the action with Robert Rosette serving as co-counsel and attorney
representing the two tribes.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Lawsky vs. Tribal Lenders; Who Should Be the Moral Police?

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE; BANK THINK Vol. 1 No. 161

LENGTH: 640  words


Leave Tribal Lenders Alone? Mark Calabria of the Cato Institute jumpstarted a
heated debate on payday lending when he suggested New York's Department of
Financial Services Superintendent Benjamin LawskyÂ abandon his crackdown on
online tribal lenders. Calabria echoed an opinion expressed in an earlier
BankThink from doctoral candidate Jane Daugherty: That the recent court ruling
denying these tribes an injunction that would have temporarily stopped Lawsky
from regulating them is unlikely to hold up. "Issues of tribal sovereignty have
regularly made it before the U.S. Supreme Court for the very reason that state
governments have often been hostile to the sovereign rights of tribal
governments," he wrote, adding that forcing these lenders out of business
unfairly took away a customer's right to choose to do business with them.

"Even if these activities did harm consumers - doubtful as they were freely
entered into - the harm would appear quite minor compared to that which has been
repeatedly imposed upon the U.S. Native American population." Some readers
agreed the crackdown infringed upon tribal sovereignty, while others seconded
the notion that driving the tribes out of business would have unintended
consequences for consumers. "Eliminating an industry makes good headlines and
gives do-gooders "\xA6 a warm fuzzy, but it leaves an entire demographic
underserved," one reader wrote. But other commenters felt the initiative would
help protect customers in the long run. "The CFPB confirmed earlier this year
(once again) that this industry thrives on repeat customers who are caught in
the payday loan debt trap of having to take out repeat loans to pay off previous
loans," one reader wrote. "The extra scrutiny on this industry "\xA6 will
hopefully result in stronger regulation and consumer safeguards, with the
ultimate result of fewer people getting sucked into these debt traps."

Policing the Moral Police: Samuel Gregg of the Acton Institute also complained
of overreach when he argued regulators should not pressure banks and payments
processors to stop doing business with morally questionable companies.
"Monitoring fraud and deception is an already immense undertaking on the part of
third-party payment processors and banks," he concluded. "Trying to make them
into first responders to various social pathologies is, I'd suggest, a step too
far." Readers largely championed Gregg's thesis. "Prohibition of products and
services demanded by consumers worldwide, does not work," one commenter wrote.
"What does succeed is a spectrum of consumer choices in conjunction with full
and complete disclosure of all rates and fees." Another reader argued there were
serious privacy implications at stake when regulators deputize banks. Noting the
recent outrage following revelations of domestic spying by the National Security
Agency, this person asked, "Do Americans really understand that their government
imposes obligations on every "~financial institution' to monitor their
customers' financial transactions and flow of funds and report "~suspicious
activity' to Fincen?"

In Case You Missed It: American Banker Editor at Large Barb Rehm looked at what
Federal Reserve chairman nominee Janet Yellen's ascension means for Fed governor
Daniel Tarullo while Betsey Cavendish of the Appleseed Foundation argued the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's remittance rule is a huge win for migrant
workers. "The beauty of the new regulation is that the CFPB has the regulatory
authority to adapt to unanticipated circumstances," she wrote. "Yes, there's a
cost to companies to comply with the new rule, but the cost of failed
transactions has hitherto been borne in silence and pain by consumers."Â

Got an informed opinion on the business of banking? Submit to BankThink. Full
submissions guidelines are availableÂ here.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2006 by the State Bar of Arizona
                                Arizona Attorney

                                  March, 2006

                               42 AZ Attorney 30

LENGTH: 1862 words

GROWING INDIAN ECONOMIES: THE MODEL TRIBAL SECURED TRANSACTIONS ACT

BY TIM BERG

Tim Berg is the managing partner of Fennemore Craig, P.C. Gov. Janet Napolitano
recently reappointed him to the Arizona Commission on Uniform State Laws, where
he has served as a member of the executive committee of the National Conference
of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws (NCCUSL). He also serves as the Chair of
the Committee on Liaison with Native American Tribes for the NCCUSL.

TEXT:

    [*30]  Economic development in Indian Country is on the rise. The U.S.
Census Bureau's 2002 Survey of Business Owners indicates that the number of
businesses owned by American Indians and Alaskan Natives between 1997 and 2002
increased from 197,300 to 206,125, and approximately 1,000 of that increase
occurred in Arizona.

   Notwithstanding such encouraging news, barriers to economic growth and
prosperity in Indian Country remain.

    [*32]  Consider that a tribal member and entrepreneur can develop a growing
construction business, but finds when it comes time to acquire expensive
equipment, no reasonably priced financing is available. Another can try to
borrow funds to purchase furnishings and inventory for a convenience store on
the reservation and finds it impossible to do so. Such are the barriers to
creating sustainable economies on tribal lands.

   Access to financing and capital is key to economic growth, and such access is
hampered in Indian Country by the lack of standard laws governing business and
lending transactions. Lenders and other sources of capital want the protection
of commercial laws with which they are familiar. When it comes to loans on
personal property, everything from tractors to store fixtures and inventory,
they are looking for enforceability of their security interest. And when a
dispute arises, they seek assurance that they have sufficient recourse to
enforce that security interest. Such assurances for lenders are critical if
American Indian tribes, tribal entities and tribal members are to grow their
economies and their businesses.

   This circumstance led the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform
State Laws (NCCUSL) to the conclusion that drafting a comprehensive model tribal
secured transaction code could be a helpful tool for American Indian tribes in
building their economies. With substantial tribal input and assistance from the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, the NCCUSL set out to create a model
commercial law that would foster access to credit at affordable rates and
competitive terms by providing rules needed to govern lender-borrower
relationships. This marked the first time the national conference has produced a
model act for America's tribes.

   Although gaming has accelerated economic development and added a measure of
prosperity for certain tribes, such development in Indian Country remains a
national challenge. Even the most successful gaming tribes acknowledge that
gaming is not the only answer to long-term economic prosperity for their
members. These tribes wish to diversify their economic base rather than depend
solely on gaming. As the momentum increases for doing business in Indian
Country, for tribes entering into joint ventures with each other, and for
cultivating Native American-owned businesses, the need for commercial law that
adequately addresses the unique aspects of such transactions involving a tribe
or tribal member becomes apparent.

   The NCCUSL is 113 years old and was established to provide states with
nonpartisan, well-conceived and well-drafted legislation on subjects in which
uniformity of state law is desirable and practical. Over its history it has
drafted more than 250 uniform acts. The best known is the Uniform Commercial
Code (UCC), which was first produced in the 1940s and has become the commercial
law in all 50 states. The sheer size, complexity and scope of today's UCC make
direct adoption by a tribe cumbersome and impractical.

   Until now, tribes have addressed the need for a commercial code with a
variety of measures:

. A few have enacted their own statutes or ordinances modeled on some version of
Article 9 of the UCC, which covers secured transaction laws and the framework
for agreements between parties providing collateral or personal property for
loans or other financing arrangements. These secured transactions can include
bank loans for start-ups and ongoing businesses, consumer or business revolving
lines of credit, auto loans, and installment loan purchases of home appliances,
among many others.

. Other tribes have used Article 9 as adopted by the state in which the
reservation or tribal community is located.

. Alternatively, some tribes have adopted more narrow codes for a specific
transaction as well as collection codes that govern repossession procedures
alone.

. Others have modeled their codes after the model tribal code drafted several
years ago by the University of Montana Indian Law Clinic, which lacks some of
the significant revisions to the UCC since 1999.

   Tribes have encountered problems when adopting portions of the UCC by
reference. Such adoption by references or state law does not address issues of
sovereignty, tribal government infrastructure and tribal customs and traditions
important to making secured transaction law truly functional in a tribal
context.

   In light of the complexity and scope of Article 9 and the task of refining it
for practical use by American Indian tribes, the committee took four years for
researching, drafting and reviewing portions of the new model act. I chaired the
committee, which was inelegantly titled "NCCUSL Committee on Liaison with Native
American Tribes." We worked to make the product more straightforward and
practical than Revised Article 9. The committee also worked to draft an act that
would be adoptable and usable in Indian Country and that would recognize the
important political, economic and cultural differences in the transactions
inside and outside Indian Country.

   One of the first steps was to include in the draft process not only members
of the NCCUSL but representatives of tribes from across the country.
Participants included tribal attorneys, outside attorneys or officials from the
Sac and Fox Nation, Cherokee Nation, Crow Nation, Navajo Nation, Chitamacha
Nation, Oneida Nation, Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, Chicasaw Nation,
Little Traverse Bay of Bands of Odawa Indians and several California rancherias.
A representative of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis was also a key
contributor to the committee.

   After several years' work, the committee produced the Model Tribal Secured
Transactions Act in the fall of 2005. Although the model act was based generally
on the revised Article 9 of the UCC, it included some provisions from current
Articles 1, 2 and 8, because the act was a standalone code and not part of an
entire commercial code.

    [*34]  The act incorporated provisions that were necessary only to deal with
particular types of transactions likely to occur in Indian Country. The process
of determining what these were required a great deal of discussion and input
from the Native American participants. Making the act too comprehensive would
lessen its effectiveness with many tribes by making it too complex and unwieldy
for adoption and implementation. Making it too narrow in focus would render it
useless for the more sophisticated tribes. The committee tried to strike a
balance and chose to focus on the following:

. Establish a substantive procedural framework that would provide certainty to
all of the parties involved in secured transactions in Indian Country.

. Be sufficiently comprehensive to meet the needs of borrowers and lenders in
Indian Country.

. Be straightforward and easy to explain, adopt and use.

   In addition, the committee worked to make a revised Article 9 suitable for
use in Indian country in consideration of sovereignty, custom, culture and
traditions that enter into transactions. For example, Article 9 deals with the
issues of security interest in fixtures and the priority of any such security
interest over the rights of landowners and mortgage holders. When fixtures are
affixed to Indian trust land, issues are raised under federal law that are not
found in transactions elsewhere; therefore, the model act does not apply to
security interests in fixtures.

   Another example involved filing systems. Most states require filing of
transactions with the Secretary of State, and the committee concluded that the
act would need to provide much greater flexibility in this regard. Consequently,
the act provides that the tribe can operate its own filing system, use the
respective state's filing system or use a regional filing system formed by a
consortium of tribes.

   The issue of sovereignty is significant for tribes, and the model act
recognizes the role played by sovereign immunity where a tribe or its enterprise
is the borrower. Basically, the act says that unless preempted by federal law,
if a transaction involves a tribe and another American Indian tribe or nation,
state or country, the parties may agree that the law either of one or the other
governs their rights and duties. In the absence of an effective agreement, the
act applies to all transactions bearing an appropriate relation to the tribe.
The fact that the law of another American Indian tribe or nation, state or
country is applicable does not affect the jurisdiction or venue of the tribe,
nor does it waive its sovereign immunity.

   Like the UCC Article 9, the model act delineates how security interests may
be created, perfected and enforced. It specifies who has first rights or
"priority" when two or more competing creditors have legally enforceable
interests in the collateral.

   If the model act can reassure lenders or creditors that their interests are
adequately protected, it is also critically important that these same lenders or
creditors are confident that they have effective recourse should there be a
default or other dispute. The committee is working to secure funding for
education and training for tribal judges and staff. Lenders and other potential
business partners understandably want assurance that tribal judges are familiar
with the complexities of the commercial laws they may adjudicate.

   In recognition of the limited resources available to many tribal nations or
communities, the committee also produced a detailed implementation guide. The
purpose of the guide is to  [*35]  explain the differences between the model act
and the revised Article 9 so that an enacting tribe can evaluate the impact of
those differences; explain certain options that are built into the model act to
deal with issues such as filing; and provide a guide for subsequent
interpretation of the model act. (Both can be found online at www.nccusl.org.)

   The conference recognizes that the model act is only the first step.
Approximately 10 tribes are in the process of adopting the model act, but this
is only a beginning. The committee and the national conference are committed to
helping any tribe considering adoption and implementation of the new act.
Committee members are taking the new act "on the road" to meetings of tribes,
tribal business entities, bankers and other lenders, Indian law attorneys, and
other stakeholders. For those tribes willing to tackle implementation, the new
act provides a critically important framework for building economic growth and
opportunity by cultivating reasonably priced financing and capital for tribal
enterprises, Native American-owned businesses and Native American consumers.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureVenueGeneral OverviewGovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority &
JurisdictionGovernmentsNative AmericansTribal Sovereign Immunity

GRAPHIC:
PHOTO 1, no caption; PHOTO 2, As the momentum increases for doing business in
Indian Country, for tribes entering into joint ventures with each other, and for
cultivating Native American-owned businesses, the need for commercial law that
adequately addresses the unique aspects of such transactions involving a tribe
or tribal member becomes apparent.


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 13, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tribal colleges bridge culture gap to future

BYLINE: Mary Beth Marklein

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 870 words

DATELINE: MISSION, S.D.


MISSION, S.D. -- "Take up and master the skills of the white
man," Lakota warrior Sinte Gleska counseled his people more than
100 years ago. In an increasingly white-dominated world, he believed,
education -- a white concept -- would be Native Americans' secret
to survival.

The Sicangu Lakota still battle poverty and disease, but the 27-year-old
Sinte Gleska University has become a source of pride and a symbol
of hope for the 24,200 Native Americans on the Rosebud reservation.

"The visions of our forefathers and grandmothers are alive and
well," says university president Lionel Bordeaux, who has watched
the college blossom from a two-year school offering 32 courses
and five majors to 132 students into a university boasting 18
bachelor's degrees and a master's in education for close to 1,000.


Similar stories can be found at the 30 other tribal colleges in
12 states, which together enroll about 26,500 full- and part-time
students. There's "a new mood of optimism and self-respect among
native people," Paul Boyer concluded last year in a report for
the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. There
are signs the outside world is taking notice:

-- The Clinton administration recently named the first director
of the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities.

-- President Clinton singled out the institutions for the first
time in his proposed budget for the Higher Education Act. He recommends
$ 5 million.

-- Recent proposals in Congress push for $ 10 million in programs
for tribal colleges.

-- Tribal colleges earned land-grant status in 1994, giving them
access to U.S. Department of Agriculture resources.

-- Native American education is attracting grants from such groups
as the Kellogg and Ford foundations, the Pew Charitable Trust
and Philip Morris Cos. Inc. Actress Winona Ryder recently joined
the board of the American Indian College Fund.

Still, the often tense relationship between Native Americans and
federal and state governments confounds most tribes, which depend
on government money even as they work toward independence.

Welfare reform, which mandates job training and sets time limits
for recipients, presents tribal colleges with their newest challenge.
While they welcome the enrollment surges of 10% to 100% per year,
colleges struggle to meet the needs of their growing constituency
and think state and federal governments should pick up the extra
tab.

Tribal colleges were underfunded even before welfare reform, supporters
say. At $ 3,017 per Native American student, federal funding for
core operations is below the 1994 high of $ 3,178 and the $ 5,820
authorized by Congress. Tribal colleges get no federal money for
non-Native American enrollees, who account for about 10% of tribal
college enrollment.

And tribal colleges lack access to other resources. Most don't
get state funding, and alumni support is minimal. Most casino
revenue goes to basics, such as clothing and feeding children.

While full-time tuition at tribal colleges is a relative bargain
(a 1994-95 average of $ 1,580, compared with $ 2,686 at four-year
state schools), many can't afford it. Though 87% qualify for Pell
Grants for low-income students, only 50% of tribal college students
get them. The student loan default rate is so high on reservations
that most colleges discourage them. Still, colleges rarely turn
away applicants.

Most colleges get by "with a lot of prayer and hope," says Bordeaux,
who had to cut salaries 10% when a vocational grant expired recently.

Tribal colleges, most of which offer only two-year degrees, remain
a small player in Native American higher education, together enrolling
the equivalent of 11,096 full-time students, a fraction of the
131,000 Native Americans in U.S. colleges.

But an American Indian Higher Education Consortium survey suggests
tribal college education improves Native Americans' chance for
success. It found that of the 42% of tribal college graduates
who transfer to a mainstream institution, 90% get bachelor's degrees.
Only 30% of Native Americans who enter mainstream institutions
as freshmen graduate, other data show.

For many older adults, education -- especially at reservation
boarding schools, where students were forbidden to observe tribal
customs and speak the native language -- symbolizes all they despise
about mainstream society.

Now tribal colleges, patterned after mainstream institutions and
accredited under their guidelines, are reconstructing themselves
to reflect tribal culture. Students might consult elders rather
than read textbooks, for instance. While some faculty members
hold doctorates, course books credit others as having "known
expertise in Lakota studies."

And Sinte Gleska is building a campus designed to reflect traditional
Lakota spirituality relating to earth and sky.

The campus, being built with a $ 10 million grant from the Los
Angeles-based Patrick Lannan Foundation, will sit on land that
once housed a boarding school. Bordeaux hopes it will "provide
a balance or positive effect for those who have lingering negative
(feelings)."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Cherokee Nation eligible for accreditation by Veterans Affairs

BYLINE: Grant D. Crawford, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


Feb. 15--Native Americans serve in the U.S. armed forces in greater numbers per
capita than any other ethnic group, and they've been a part of every major
conflict over the last 200 years.

Also, Native Americans have a higher concentration of female service members
than all other ethnicities, resulting in a lot of veterans.

More active duty members become veterans every day, and many require the help of
benefit services such as disability compensation, pension, home loans, life
insurance and health care. For veterans living in tribal communities, finding
representation for benefit claims can be a difficult task. That's why the
Department of Veterans Affairs has recently changed a rule in the Code of
Federal Regulations, allowing eligible tribal organizations to become accredited
by the VA.

In a VA release, Reyn Leno, Vietnam veteran and chairman of the Confederated
Tribes of Grand Ronde, said that the rule change is a positive step forward for
Indian Country and the VA.

The VA's Office of Tribal Government Relations and Office of General Counsel
have worked in conjunction to implement the rule change.

"For decades, tribes with accredited facilities have been able to provide
quality services to our Native American Veterans and Veterans alike," Leno said.
"The piece that was missing was the ability to provide assistance on VA benefit
claims. This rule recognizes the unique relationship our tribes have with our
federal government and Veterans in some of our most rural communities."

The rule allows a tribal organization that is established and funded by one or
more tribal governments to be recognized for the purpose of providing assistance
on VA benefit claims. So the Cherokee Nation Office of Veterans Affairs may
apply for recognition under the rule.

If the Cherokee Nation decides to apply for recognition, the VA must ensure that
any program under the tribe has the ability to provide long-term quality
representation. The CN government would also have to send a certificate of
approval for the organization it wishes to become recognized. OTGR can assist
with tribal applications before they are sent to OGC, which makes the final
approval.

In addition, the rule allows for an employee of a tribal government to become
accredited through a recognized state organization. This is to address the needs
of Native American populations who are geographically isolated from existing
recognized veterans service organizations.

"No Veteran should have to drive hundreds of miles to receive care they could be
eligible to receive next door at a tribal facility," Leno said. "The ability to
credential tribal employees as [veterans service organizations] will also help
to further extend services to Native veterans in a culturally appropriate
manner. I applaud the rule and the VA for their due diligence on this matter."

Cherokee Nation officials were unavailable for comment regarding the new rule
change, which becomes effective Feb. 21.

___ (c)2017 the Tahlequah Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) Visit the Tahlequah
Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) at www.tahlequahdailypress.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170215-TD-Cherokee-Nation-eligible-for-accreditation-by-Veterans-Affairs-0215-
20170215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2017 Tahlequah Daily Press


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Bill With New Idea for Indian Tribal Financing Draws Support

BYLINE: Evan Fallor

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 1 No. 34575

LENGTH: 923  words


WASHINGTON - An administration official and the chairman of a nonprofit group
told Senate committee members on Wednesday that they support a bill that would
provide Indian tribal governments with better access to bond financings and
capital to support local infrastructure and spur economic development.

Speaking to members of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs during a hearing,
they said the Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act of 2016 (S. 3234) would
help tribal governments by growing their economies, improving their
infrastructure, and increasing lenders' willingness to do businesses with them.

The bill, introduced by Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., chairman of the committee,
and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., would create an Indian Economic Development Fund
to support the Bureau of Indian Affairs' loan guarantees and the Community
Development Financial Institution's bond guarantees for tribal communities.

In her testimony before the committee, Cheryl Andrews-Maltais, senior policy
advisor to the acting assistant secretary of the Interior Department's Bureau of
Indian Affairs, said the Obama administration has consistently supported avenues
that foster and develop economies in Indian communities, which have "for far too
long" experienced disadvantages.

"The department supports the goals and objectives of this bill". to meet the
unique economic and employment needs of Indian country," she said.

Under the bill, tribes could deposit funds into the Indian Economic Development
Fund beginning one year after the measure is enacted. Funding allocation would
begin two years after the enactment by the Treasury Department, and for each
fiscal year, the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs would provide up to
either $7.5 million or 40% of fund amounts in credit subsidies to the loan
guarantee program of the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the Indian Financing Act
of 1974.

Derrick Watchman, chairman of the National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development, said his organization supports such a fund but suggested providing
greater incentives in order to get one created.

"This program will enhance and provide $250 million in loans in Indian country
and that's very much needed," Watchman said. "By contrast, the fund will also
take a considerable amount of time to establish."

"The sources and mechanisms for this fund can't be done overnight," he added.
"There is no incentive to create the fund. Providing tax incentives to develop
the fund would be a great enhancement. It would be good incentive."

Watchman commended the efforts of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs in
working with the Senate Finance Committee to expand tribal governments' access
to tax-exempt bonds. Under the current federal tax law, tribes can only issue
governmental bonds if the proceeds are used for "essential governmental
functions" such as schools or roads. They cannot issue private activity bonds.

"Repealing the essential government function for tribal tax-exempt bonds is
essential," he told the committee.

Also discussed during Wednesday's hearing was the unwillingness of lenders to do
business with tribal governments. Andrews-Maltais said some hesitance has to do
with a lack of familiarity, standardized codes that exist among tribes, and
simply a lack of understanding of the "significant opportunities" in Indian
country.

"Having legislation like this and working with the federal government and tribes
to develop uniform codes would be advantageous for everyone involved,"
Andrews-Maltais said. "There are codes these outside entities can rely upon.
This elevates both Indian country and their neighbors as well."

Mary Talbutt, the lead portfolio manager of fixed income for the Stanley-Laman
Group in Berwyn, Pa., told The Bond Buyer on Wednesday that she has concerns
with purchasing tribal bonds because tribes are their own nations and have their
own laws. Talbutt compared tribal governments' own legal systems and nationhood
"somewhat on par with the Puerto Rico situation."

"Any debt related to a tribal or territory issue I would very carefully read
through the [preliminary official statement] to assure that my client or fund
has some legal standing to sue as a bondholder or that there is an unconditional
irrevocable guarantee from a U.S. agency or the Treasury," Talbutt said. "My
initial reaction would not be to classify these securities as domestic issues
without a U.S. Treasury guarantee similar to those on Overseas Private
Investment Corporation issues."

Barrasso and McCain have said their bill would amend four existing pieces of
legislation: the Native American Programs Act of 1974; the Native American
Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000; the Indian
Trader Act; and the Buy Indian Act.

Barrasso said during the hearing that the bill has received "considerable
positive feedback" from tribes, entrepreneurs and other groups during
roundtables and hearings since its introduction this summer.

The bill, introduced on July 14 and referred to the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs, would accomplish three goals, Barrasso said. It would increase: access
to capital for Indian tribes and businesses; opportunities for Indian business
promotion; and the tools to attract businesses to Indian communities.

The other witnesses at the hearing, Harvey Godwin, Jr., chairman of the Lumbee
tribe of North Carolina, and Kenneth McDarment, vice chairman of the Tule River
Indian tribe in California, spoke primarily on two other pieces of legislation
introduced in the House and Senate.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Bill With New Idea for Indian Tribal Financing Draws Support

BYLINE: Evan Fallor

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 923  words


WASHINGTON - An administration official and the chairman of a nonprofit group
told Senate committee members on Wednesday that they support a bill that would
provide Indian tribal governments with better access to bond financings and
capital to support local infrastructure and spur economic development.

Speaking to members of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs during a hearing,
they said the Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act of 2016 (S. 3234) would
help tribal governments by growing their economies, improving their
infrastructure, and increasing lenders' willingness to do businesses with them.

The bill, introduced by Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., chairman of the committee,
and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., would create an Indian Economic Development Fund
to support the Bureau of Indian Affairs' loan guarantees and the Community
Development Financial Institution's bond guarantees for tribal communities.

In her testimony before the committee, Cheryl Andrews-Maltais, senior policy
advisor to the acting assistant secretary of the Interior Department's Bureau of
Indian Affairs, said the Obama administration has consistently supported avenues
that foster and develop economies in Indian communities, which have "for far too
long" experienced disadvantages.

"The department supports the goals and objectives of this bill". to meet the
unique economic and employment needs of Indian country," she said.

Under the bill, tribes could deposit funds into the Indian Economic Development
Fund beginning one year after the measure is enacted. Funding allocation would
begin two years after the enactment by the Treasury Department, and for each
fiscal year, the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs would provide up to
either $7.5 million or 40% of fund amounts in credit subsidies to the loan
guarantee program of the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the Indian Financing Act
of 1974.

Derrick Watchman, chairman of the National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development, said his organization supports such a fund but suggested providing
greater incentives in order to get one created.

"This program will enhance and provide $250 million in loans in Indian country
and that's very much needed," Watchman said. "By contrast, the fund will also
take a considerable amount of time to establish."

"The sources and mechanisms for this fund can't be done overnight," he added.
"There is no incentive to create the fund. Providing tax incentives to develop
the fund would be a great enhancement. It would be good incentive."

Watchman commended the efforts of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs in
working with the Senate Finance Committee to expand tribal governments' access
to tax-exempt bonds. Under the current federal tax law, tribes can only issue
governmental bonds if the proceeds are used for "essential governmental
functions" such as schools or roads. They cannot issue private activity bonds.

"Repealing the essential government function for tribal tax-exempt bonds is
essential," he told the committee.

Also discussed during Wednesday's hearing was the unwillingness of lenders to do
business with tribal governments. Andrews-Maltais said some hesitance has to do
with a lack of familiarity, standardized codes that exist among tribes, and
simply a lack of understanding of the "significant opportunities" in Indian
country.

"Having legislation like this and working with the federal government and tribes
to develop uniform codes would be advantageous for everyone involved,"
Andrews-Maltais said. "There are codes these outside entities can rely upon.
This elevates both Indian country and their neighbors as well."

Mary Talbutt, the lead portfolio manager of fixed income for the Stanley-Laman
Group in Berwyn, Pa., told The Bond Buyer on Wednesday that she has concerns
with purchasing tribal bonds because tribes are their own nations and have their
own laws. Talbutt compared tribal governments' own legal systems and nationhood
"somewhat on par with the Puerto Rico situation."

"Any debt related to a tribal or territory issue I would very carefully read
through the [preliminary official statement] to assure that my client or fund
has some legal standing to sue as a bondholder or that there is an unconditional
irrevocable guarantee from a U.S. agency or the Treasury," Talbutt said. "My
initial reaction would not be to classify these securities as domestic issues
without a U.S. Treasury guarantee similar to those on Overseas Private
Investment Corporation issues."

Barrasso and McCain have said their bill would amend four existing pieces of
legislation: the Native American Programs Act of 1974; the Native American
Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000; the Indian
Trader Act; and the Buy Indian Act.

Barrasso said during the hearing that the bill has received "considerable
positive feedback" from tribes, entrepreneurs and other groups during
roundtables and hearings since its introduction this summer.

The bill, introduced on July 14 and referred to the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs, would accomplish three goals, Barrasso said. It would increase: access
to capital for Indian tribes and businesses; opportunities for Indian business
promotion; and the tools to attract businesses to Indian communities.

The other witnesses at the hearing, Harvey Godwin, Jr., chairman of the Lumbee
tribe of North Carolina, and Kenneth McDarment, vice chairman of the Tule River
Indian tribe in California, spoke primarily on two other pieces of legislation
introduced in the House and Senate.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Connecticut Investigates Oklahoma Tribe&#8217;s Lending Businesses

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 419  words


The Connecticut Department of Banking claims a Native American tribe in Oklahoma
is running two illegal high-interest loan operations but the tribe has won a
delay in its battle against the imposition of $800,000 in penalties.

If the Connecticut Department of Banking wants to pursue the case against the
Otoe Missouria Tribe, Banking Commissioner Jorge Perez will have to further
investigate any links between the tribes and two companies - Great Plains
Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending, according to a judge who recently remanded
the case back to the banking department.

The companies offer payday loans from between $100 and $2,000 at interest rates
of more than 400%. State law limits interest rates to 12% for loans under
$15,000.

The 3,000-member tribe contends their federal sovereign immunity protects them
from the state, but the Connecticut banking department claims the entities reach
beyond the tribal protections.

"Otoe-Missouria tribal businesses are owned and operated by the tribe, governed
by tribal law and regulated by tribal regulatory authorities," said Tribal
Chairman John Shotton, in reaction to the court decision. "We are a sovereign
nation and our leaders are duly elected by the Otoe-Missouria people. As was
recognized by the court in its decision, Indian nations have sovereignty as set
forth by treaty and affirmed by legal precedent. We are pleased that the court
has validated the rights of not only the Otoe-Missouria Tribe, but all tribes
throughout Indian Country and feel confident that our sovereignty will be
upheld."

Shotton and Great Plains Lending previously were ordered to pay $700,000 and
Clear Creek was ordered to pay $100,000.

Connecticut Superior Court Judge Carl J. Schuman ruled last month that the tribe
failed in requesting a hearing on former Banking Commission Howard F. Pitkin's
fine issued in October 2014.



Pitkin had said the entities were not licensed in Connecticut and were not
exempt from licensure requirements. He further found that Shotton participated
in the loan operation, which took place, at least in part, away from tribal
jurisdiction.



Schuman noted that federal courts have for generations affirmed sovereign
immunity but the question is how close the loan entities are to tribal
operations, or the "arm of the tribe."

"The commissioner had a valid reason for not reaching the arm-of-the-tribe issue
because at the time, he reasonably, though erroneously, believed that it was
unnecessary to do so in order to resolve the case," Schuman wrote.



URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 16, 1996

Ground Zero

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 610 words


More than 800 people, including representatives of more than two dozen financial
institutions, met last week in Arizona to plot the future of Native American
homeownership in this country.  Why the big interest in a topic which before has
barely registered on lender radar screens?

In the final hours of the last Congress, a law was passed which makes a sea
change in the way tribal housing will be done, and provides lenders a chance to
move in on a previously untapped market, 100% guaranteed by the Federal
government.  The Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act
basically puts the future of Indian housing finance into the hands of the tribes
themselves.  No longer will tribes be agents of a single Federal agency (the
Department of Housing and Urban Development), wedded to HUD's programs and
policy directives.  Instead they will receive a single block housing grant, and
the authority, and responsibility, to forge their own direction in how they want
to use the money.

Partnering with the experts, mortgage lenders, is an obvious step for the tribes
and an opportunity for the lenders.  How much money are we talking about?  The
next block grant is expected to total around $ 450 million.  And title six of
the bill provides for additional loan guarantees of up to $ 400 million a year
for each of the next five years for major housing development.  That's a total
of $ 2 billion, with all outlays guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the
government.  The government also has the option to buy down the tribes' interest
rate and to make good on principal, too, in case of default.

Should the government put itself on the line this way for tribes?  Absolutely.

Facilitating housing for Indians is part of most, if not all, of the treaties
negotiated with Indian nations.  If we are a principled nation this is the right
thing to do.

In addition, for individual lending, HUD has the successful section 184 program,
again 100% guaranteed.  More than $ 50 million in commitments have been issued
in the first two years of the program, with another $ 36 million at least in the
works.

This looks like a real opportunity to us for lenders to partner with tribes as
they move out from the shadow of being financial wards of the Federal government
and take control of their own destiny.

The opportunities are to be major funders of tribal housing entities (analogous
to being providers of warehouse credit) or funders of individual loans.

A second opportunity is to use the tribal housing entities as third-party
providers, acting as loan correspondents.

For lenders who shy away from low-mod lending, as much of this will be, the fact
is that there are many mod-high borrowers on trust lands that have been denied
credit only because they live on places that have, until now, been redlined by
the statute that says you can't use trust land as collateral for a loan.

The extreme poverty on most reservations is partly a result of Indians being
unable to leverage the value of the land they live on.  Private mortgage lending
can change that and lead to an environment that will bring more people into the
financial mainstream.

Prior to 1994, only 20 home loans had ever been closed on tribal trust land.
That is changing, slowly, with the HUD 184 and the Fannie Mae-Navajo pilot.

The shameful legacy of reservation redlining makes this kind of lending ground
zero for the mortgage industry.  There are nearly a million Native Americans who
have been denied access to mortgage lending.  The new law gives lenders a chance
to change that while the government covers the risk.  Where's the downside to
that?

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 6, 1993

FHLB Has Guide to Native American Lending

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Lenders that have been wary of lending to Native Americans, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians because of Federal laws that restrict the use of trust lands as
mortgage collateral now have a guide that catalogs resources available to
support development or rehabilitation on trust lands.

The guide, published by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle, presents an
overview of financing a mortgage on Native lands and summarizes the programs
available to help increase the supply of affordable housing.

One program is the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Loan Guarantee
Program.

This program, authorized by Congress for 1992 and 1993 under the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1992, allows HUD to guarantee up to 100% of the
unpaid principal and interest on a mortgage made on trust land by a private
lender to a native American family or Indian Housing Authority.

The loan can be used to finance construction, purchase or rehabilitation of
single-family homes located on trust land or land located in a Native American
or Alaska Native area.

To be eligible for the loan, a borrower must be Native American or Alaska Native
and the loan may be secured by any collateral that is authorized by existing
Federal law or applicable state or tribal law.

Housing financed under the program must be defined by HUD and the loan term may
not exceed 30 years.

Other HUD programs include Low Income Rental Housing, HOME, Mutual Help
Homeownership Opportunity Program, Indian Community Development Block Grant
Program, Comprehensive Improvement Assistance Program, Comprehensive Grant
Program and the HOPE program (Homeownership and Opportunity for People
Everywhere).

HUD's Office of Native American Programs can provide more detailed information
on these available programs and functions as a resource for tribal lending.

Other agencies offering programs include the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Farmers
Home Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Federal Home Loan
Banks.

The Alaska Housing Finance Corporation also provides some special programs in
Alaska.

The Rural Owner-Occupied Loan Program provides financing to qualified borrowers
for construction, rehab or purchase of rural, owner-occupied, single-family
detached or duplex housing units.

The program provides direct and indirect loans.  Direct loans are mortgage loans
made directly by the Rural Housing Loan Program to the borrower; indirect loans
include the purchase of mortgage loans made by participating lending
institutions.

Borrowers must be at least 18 years old and residents of Alaska.  One of the
units must be occupied by the borrower as his principal place of residence and
the property must be in a small community.

In Hawaii, the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands administers a program under the
Hawaiian Home Commission Act of 1920 that finances repair, new home or
replacement home construction on Hawaiian Home lands.

HUD and the Farmers Home Administration provide programs that insure mortgages
in case of a default and facilitate the repair and replacement of homes for
low-income Hawaiians.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 26, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pipeline uncertainty illustrates broader concerns for tribes

BYLINE:  By MARY HUDETZ Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 619 words


For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the administration of
President Barack Obama declined this month to issue an easement for the Dakota
Access pipeline's final segment. But that elation was dampened by the
uncertainty of what comes next: a Donald Trump-led White House that might be far
less attuned to issues affecting Native Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out near the North Dakota-South Dakota border.

Anxiety over the 1,200-mile pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over how
tribes will fare under Trump after what many tribal members consider a landmark
eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders.

Under his administration, lawmakers cemented a tribal health care law that
includes more preventive care and mental health resources and addresses
recruiting and retaining physicians.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 500,000
acres under tribes' control - more than any other recent administration - while
the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes to
prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians, based in Washington. "The last eight years give us hope going forward
with the relationships we have on both sides of the aisle."

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the United States'
longstanding relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Rep. Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., sponsored legislation
that he says would have given tribes more control over coal and other fossil
fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges - including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border - would collide
with tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 75-mile portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation. And the nonprofit National Indian Health Board in Washington says
it's aiming to work with lawmakers to ensure the Indian Health Care Improvement
Act remains intact.

The law, which guarantees funding for care through the federal Indian Health
Services agency, was embedded in Obama's health care overhaul after consultation
with tribes.

"I think there was a great hope that we had here in Indian Country with the
direct dialogue that President Obama had established with tribal nations," said
Duane "Chili" Yazzie, president of the Navajo Nation's Shiprock Chapter. "If a
similar effort to communicate with us were carried on by the Trump
administration, I would be surprised."

A spokesman said only that the president-elect planned to review the pipeline
status after taking office.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Nevada: Secretary Vilsack Appoints Members to the Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

-Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the re-appointment of eight
members and the appointment of three new members to the Council for Native
American Farming and Ranching. As an advisory committee, the Council provides
recommendations to the Secretary on changes to Farm Service Agency (FSA)
regulations and other measures that would eliminate barriers to program
participation for Native American farmers and ranchers.

"Over the previous two years the Council for Native American Farming and
Ranching has provided recommendations meant to help tribal governments,
businesses, farmers and ranchers partner with USDA to create jobs, drive
economic growth and strengthen tribal communities, and I look forward to a
continuation of their progress," Vilsack said.

The Council will continue to promote the participation of Native American
farmers and ranchers in all USDA programs and support government-to-government
relations between USDA and tribal governments. The Council is a discretionary
advisory committee established under the authority of the Secretary of
Agriculture in furtherance of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement,
which was granted final approval by the District Court for the District of
Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The Council consists of fifteen members, including four USDA officials and
eleven Native American leaders and reprsentatives. Members of the Council are
appointed for two-year terms by the Secretary. The appointees include: Native
American (American Indian and Alaska Native) farmers or ranchers;
representatives of nonprofit organizations that work with Native farmers and
ranchers; civil rights professionals; educators; tribal elected leaders; senior
USDA officials; and other persons the Secretary deems appropriate.

The following individuals are appointed to the Council:

John Berrey, Chairman of Quapaw Tribe, (Quapaw), Sperry, Okla.

Tawney Brunsch, Executive Director of Lakota Funds, (Oglala Sioux), Kyle, S.D.

Gilbert Harrison, Rancher, (Navajo), Shiprock, N.M.*

Henry Holder, Farmer/Rancher, (Choctaw), Soper, Okla.*

Derrick Lente, Attorney and Farmer/Rancher, (Sandia Pueblo), Sandia Pueblo, N.M.

Jerry McPeak, Farmer/Rancher and State Legislator, (Muscogee Creek), Warner,
Okla.*

Angela Sandstol, Natural Resources and Conservation Official, (Native Village of
Tyonek), Tyonek, Alaska*

Edward Soza, Rancher/Tribal Council Member (Soboba), Banning, Calif.*

Mary Thompson, Farmer/Rancher, (Eastern Band of Cherokee), Cherokee, N.C.*

Sarah Vogel, Civil Rights Attorney and Former two-term Agricultural Commissioner
for North Dakota, Bismarck, N.D.*

Mark Wadsworth, Natural Resources/Range Management, (Shoshone-Bannock),
Blackfoot, Idaho*

(*Denotes those re-appointed)

Four (4) USDA officials are also appointed to the Council:

Chris Beyerhelm, Director, Farm Loan Programs, Farm Service Agency;

Val Dolcini, Administrator, Farm Service Agency;

Dr. Joe Leonard, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights;

Leslie Wheelock (Oneida), Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

The Council will hold its next meeting during the fall of 2014. The Council will
continue to work closely with the Office of Tribal Relations, Farm Service
Agency and other USDA agencies to improve the success of Native farmers and
ranchers who access USDA's entire portfolio of programs to build and achieve
profitability in their businesses.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 18, 2012 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

AG's loan probe nixed

BYLINE: Steve Raabe

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 431 words


The Colorado attorney general's office can no longer investigate two American
Indian tribes offering online payday loans, according to a court ruling this
week.

Denver District Court Judge Morris Hoffman ruled that the Miami tribe of
Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux Nation of Nebraska are protected by tribal
sovereign immunity laws from state investigation.

The ruling culminates eight years of inquiries by the attorney general's office
over allegations that Colorado residents were victimized by high-interest-rate
payday loans that violated state laws.

The ability of Indian tribes to conduct Internet commerce without regulatory
oversight by states is "the bedrock of tribal sovereignty, and it is refreshing
to see that the court got it right," said Barry Brandon, executive director of
the Native American Fair Commerce Coalition, an advocacy group for tribes
engaging in online business.

The attorney general's office termed the ruling "disappointing."

"We remain concerned with the proliferation of online payday lenders who are
operating in violation of Colorado law and harming Colorado consumers," said Jan
Zavislan, deputy attorney general and head of the office's consumer protection
division.

The office has not determined if it will appeal the ruling.

Payday lenders issue short-term loans, typically at significantly higher
interest rates than bank loans. Colorado in 2010 passed a law with more consumer
protections on payday lending, but the loans investigated by the attorney
general allegedly violated even the looser regulations in effect prior to 2010.

The AG's office has alleged that the loan companies, Cash Advance and Preferred
Cash Loans, are controlled by Overland Park, Kan., businessman Scott Tucker, and
that the tribal affiliations were created to circumvent state regulations.

Critics have termed the arrangements "rent-a-tribe."

Hoffman said in the court ruling that "the state has failed to prove that the
tribes do not own and operate these tribal entities" that are listed as the
owners of the payday loan companies.

Hoffman added that regardless of the reasons that Tucker and the tribes created
a business arrangement, the tribes and their business affiliates should still be
protected by sovereign immunity.

"The Miami and Santee people are the ones we must trust, as long as Congress
lets us trust them, to know what kinds of business relationships are in their
best interests," Hoffman wrote. "They do not need the guidance of the State of
Colorado, through either its law enforcement officials or its courts."

Steve Raabe: 303-954-1948 or sraabe@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Oklahoma tribe agrees to pay $48 million to avoid prosecution in payday lending
scheme

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey Business Writer bbailey@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 842 words


Two companies controlled by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma have agreed to pay $48
million to avoid&nbsp;federal&nbsp;prosecution for their involvement in a
lending scheme that&nbsp;charged borrowers interest rates as high as 700
percent.&nbsp;As part of the Miami tribe's agreement with the federal
government, the tribe acknowledged that a tribal representative filed false
factual declarations in multiple state court actions.&nbsp;Federal prosecutors
unsealed a&nbsp;criminal indictment Wednesday charging Kansas City Race Car
driver Scott Tucker and his lawyer, Timothy Muir, with racketeering charges and
violating the&nbsp;Truth in Lending Act for their role in operating the online
internet payday lending business.Tucker and Muir were arrested Wednesday in
Kansas City, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.&nbsp;Tucker, 53, of
Leawood, Kan., and Muir, 44, of Overland Park, Kan., are each charged with
conspiring to collect unlawful debts in violation of the Racketeer Influenced
and Corrupt Organizations Act, which carries a maximum term of 20 years in
prison, three counts of violating RICO's prohibition on collecting unlawful
debts, each of which carries a maximum term of 20 years in prison, and five
counts of violating the Truth in Lending Act, each of which carries a maximum
term of one year in prison.Tucker and Muir had claimed the $2 billion payday
lending business was actually owned and operated by the Oklahoma-based Miami and
Modoc tribes to avoid liability.

The payday lending companies used the tribes' sovereign status to skirt state
and federal lending laws, the indictment claims.In a statement, the Miami Tribe
and two companies controlled by the tribe,&nbsp;AMG Services Inc. and MNE
Services Inc., said they have cooperated with authorities in the investigation
and stopped their involvement in&nbsp;the payday lending business in 2013."This
result represents the best path forward for the Miami and its members as we
continue to build a sustainable foundation for the future," the statement said.
"We are proud of our many recent accomplishments, including the diversification
of our economic business development to support the long term goal of securing
the tribe's valuable programs and services."Funding from the tribe's businesses
goes toward benefits and services for tribal members including healthcare and
scholarship funds, as well as the revitalization of the tribe's native language
and preserving Miami culture, the statement said.&nbsp;Tucker and Muir's payday
lending scheme preyed on more than 4.5 million borrowers, who&nbsp;entered into
payday loans with deceptive terms and interest rates ranging from 400 to 700
percent, Diego Rodriguez, FBI assistant director-in-charge, said in a
statement.&nbsp;"Not only did their business model violate the Truth-in Lending
Act, established to protect consumers from such loans, but they also tried to
hide from prosecution by creating a fraudulent association with Native American
tribes to receive sovereign immunity," he&nbsp;said.&nbsp;The $48 million the
Miami Tribe has agreed to forfeit in Tucker and Muir's&nbsp;criminal case is on
top of the $21 million the tribe's payday lending companies agreed to pay the
Federal Trade Commission in January 2015 to settle charges they&nbsp;broke the
law by charging consumers undisclosed and inflated fees.The tribe also agreed to
waive&nbsp;$285 million in charges that were assessed but not collected from
payday loan customers as part of its 2015 agreement with the Federal Trade
Commission.&nbsp;Beginning in 2003, Tucker entered into agreements with several
Native American tribes, including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, according to the
indictment. As part of the deal, the tribes claimed they owned and operated
parts of Tucker's&nbsp;payday lending business, so that when states sought to
enforce laws prohibiting the predatory&nbsp;loans, the business would be
protected by the tribes' sovereign immunity, the indictment claims. In return,
the Tribes received payments from Tucker - typically about 1 percent of the
revenues, according to the indictment.&nbsp;To create the illusion that the
tribes owned and controlled Tucker's&nbsp;payday lending business, Tucker and
Muir&nbsp;engaged in a series of deceptions, including preparing false factual
declarations from tribal representatives that were submitted to state courts and
falsely claiming, among other things, that tribal corporations owned,
controlled, and managed the portions of Tucker's business targeted by state
enforcement actions, the indictment claims.Tucker opened bank accounts to
operate and receive the profits of the payday lending enterprise, which were
nominally held by tribal-owned corporations, but which were, in fact, owned and
controlled by Tucker, according to the indictment.&nbsp;The indictment seeks to
forfeit&nbsp;proceeds and property derived from Tucker and Muir's alleged
crimes, including numerous bank accounts, an&nbsp;Aspen, Colo., vacation home,
six Ferrari race cars, four Porsche automobiles, and a Learjet.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Council for Native American Farming and Ranching; Meeting

LENGTH: 856  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Public Meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the second meeting of the 2014- 2016 CNAFR term and will
consist of, but not limited to: Hearing public comments; update on USDA programs
and activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be
open to the public.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    WRITTEN COMMENTS:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held on December 10th, 2014 from 2:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m. and
December 11th, 2014 from 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. The meeting will be open to the
public. Note that a period for public comment will be held on December 10th,
2014 from 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Flamingo Las Vegas,
3555 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109 in the Laughlin II Room.
WRITTEN COMMENTS: Back to Top

Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer,
Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg.,
500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before December
4, 2014. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on December 10th. Those individuals
interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person
and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to
present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by December 4,
2014. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes
depending on the number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,

Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 17, 1994

Wisconsin Bank Makes Mortgages to Native Americans

SECTION: BANKS AND MORTGAGES; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY, Wis.


Associated Bank Green Bay specializes in lending to Native Americans.

Situated on the outskirts of the Oneida Indian reservation, Associated Bank has
used three programs over the last five to six years to enhance its lending to
Native Americans.

John Kroner, assistant vice president of business banking, said the $ 860
million asset bank, in addition to making conventional loans to individuals and
businesses, utilizes the Guaranteed Loan Program administered by the Bureau of
Indian Affairs, and has developed two programs, the Tribal Loan Credit (TLC) and
Pocket Book Programs, in conjunction with the Oneida Nation.

The Guaranteed Loan Program is similar to the Small Business Administration loan
program, Mr. Kroner said, with loans ranging up to $ 8 million in size.

The TLC program was developed by the bank in cooperation with the Oneida Tribe's
Housing Authority.

The program was created to make mortgages to individuals "that have the income
and the cash flow to service a mortgage but have found it difficult to save the
down payment," said Mr. Kroner.

"It's a conventional loan.

"The tribe provides up to 20% for the downpayment for the individual so that
they can get into a conventional loan program and the tribethen takes a second
mortgage on the property.

"Borrowers pay the second mortgage to the tribe," he added.

Loans under the program are not solely made for houses on Indian land.

The Pocket Book Program, also developed with the tribe, makes personal loans to
individuals that are guaranteed by the tribe.  These loans are made because
there was a need for individuals to develop a credit rating or credit
relationship with the bank.

Loan sizes range up to $ 1,000.  "Most of them are small installment loans for
cars and bill consolidation," said Mr. Kroner.

He added that a number of tribal members had credit problems and needed to
re-establish their credit.

The tribe guarantees the loan payment.

Mr. Kroner said the programs have helped the relationship with the tribe and
have enabled the bank to establish good personal relationships, enabling people
to purchase homes.

The programs have also helped the bank generate good earning assets.

LOAD-DATE: February 03, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Meetings: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 761  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



 Action



 Notice of public meeting.

 Summary



 This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of the Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching, a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations. Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the third meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and will consist
of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA programs and
activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to
the public.



 Dates



 The meeting will be held on July 27-28, 2016. The meeting will be open to the
public on both days with time set aside for public comment on July 27 at
approximately 1:30 p.m.-4:00 p.m. The Office of Tribal Relations (OTR) will make
the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov.tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting.

 Addresses



 The meeting will be held at the Shoshone Bannock Events Center, 777 Bannock
Trail, Fort Hall, ID 83202, in the Chief Taghee A Room.

 For Further Information Contact



 Questions or written comments may be submitted to Amanda Burley, Designated
Federal Officer, USDA/Office of Tribal Relations, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg. 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
tribal.relations@osec.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA),
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American Farmers and Ranchers (CNAFR). The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory
committee established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in
furtherance of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted
final approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28,
2011.



 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA loan and grant programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to USDA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by USDA loan and grant
programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine the methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA programs; (5)
to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching opportunities for
Native American producers; and (6) to address other related issues as deemed
appropriate.



 Interested persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues relating
to the agenda topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted to
the Designated Federal Officer on or before July 22, 2016. Oral presentations
from the public will be heard approximately 1:30 p.m.-4:00 p.m. on July 27,
2016. Those individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should
notify the Designated Federal Officer and submit a brief statement of the
general nature of the issues they wish to present and the names and addresses of
proposed participants by July 22, 2016. All oral presentations will be given
three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the number of participants.



 The OTR will also make the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
contact Amanda Burley at least 10 business days in advance of the meeting.

 Dated: July 5, 2016.

 Leslie A. Wheelock,

 Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

 [FR Doc. 2016-16320 Filed 7-8-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 13, 1995

Indian Housing Authority Has Mortgage Unit

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: SHELTON, Wash.


An Indian housing authority for six small tribes in rural Washington has formed
a subsidiary mortgage company to help homebuyers access private mortgage
dollars.

Craig Dougall, executive director, Southern Puget Sound Inter-Tribal Housing
Authority, describes the significant shortage of affordable housing available to
people on the Housing Authority's waiting list and the difficulty they
experience in finding other affordable housing, as two factors influencing the
Southern Puget Sound to form a mortgage company subsidiary.

Called Sound Development Association, the mortgage company was initially
capitalized through the issuance of a privately placed mortgage revenue bond.
The funds generated through this bond will fund the mortgages, while one-time
grants will be used as credit enhancement or mortgage subsidies from Department
of Housing and Urban Development funds.

According to Mr. Dougall, "the Housing Authority has applied to Fannie Mae to
become a seller/servicer of mortgage loans originated through Indian Housing
Authorities.  Establishment of this relationship with Fannie Mae is unique to
Indian Housing Authorities, IHAs direct access to the secondary market."

Access to the secondary financial market will allow Southern Puget Sound Housing
Authority to act as a conduit through which funds can flow from the private
sector onto the reservations.

According to Mr. Dougall, "although this Housing Authority will initially be the
point of contact for this financing, it is a anticipated that each IHA will be
able to originate loan applications.  In this manner, each Tribe will have
access to private mortgage capital and each IHA will create affordability
strategies for homeownership for Tribal members."

The mortgage mechanism created by the program at Southern Puget Sound is
expected to provide mortgage opportunities to other tribes and housing
authorities across the country.

Ken Goosens mentioned the Southern Puget Sound program as one of the Fannie Mae
initiatives he is working on that are designed to help the mortgage industry
better serve the housing needs of Native Americans.

Fannie Mae expects to introduce its new Native American Housing Initiatives to
the nation this month, he said.

Kathleen Britton is a director for the Southern Puget Sound Inter-Tribal Housing
Authority.

She expects the HUD 184 Loan Guaranty Program for Indian Housing and Community
Development to be a big player in the SPSITHA-Sound Development-Fannie Mae
pipeline.

In response to the growing list of Native Americans awaiting affordable housing
on the reservation, Ms. Britton says the Housing Authority has been developing
innovative shelter solutions for some time.

One solution is mutual self-help housing built with manufactured materials.
SPSITHA contracted with Insulspan, a local manufacturer of panel homes, for
factory-built panels of particle boards with Styrofoam core panels that form the
walls and roofs of site-assembled homes.

Ms. Britton says the construction materials are adaptable to almost any
architectural design of one or multiple stories.  Affordable, sturdy and
well-insulated (eight-inch-thick exterior walls), the materials are easily
assembled by construction crews made up of community workers with mixed levels
of skills and experience.

So far, she says, four independent construction companies have grown out of the
on-site housing construction experience.  They, inturn, have hired other workers
from the Indian community.

In fact, housing construction work has provided much needed income in a rural
economy that has been devastated by timber and fishing industry cutbacks, she
said.  The construction jobs also broaden the income mix of the reservation,
which is important to the healthy growth of reservation communities, she said.

South Puget Sound also has taken a lead in off-reservation housing because
reservation housing does not allow for true equity.  Fully one-third of the
families living on the reservation could afford off-reservation housing, she
said, if they were given some assistance with down payments or closing costs.

"Through work with Fannie Mae'" she said, "we saw a way Tribal Housing
Authorities could be used to serve an underserved community."

Indian Housing Authorities are recognized by both the tribes and the banking
community.  By capacity-building those entities, she said, it was realized that
"Housing Authorities could act as conduits for getting more housing money into
Indian Country."

Southern Puget Sound has applied for a grant through the Fannie Mae Foundation
that would pay for capacity building of the Housing Authority and Sound
Development Association.

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Tribes provide loans to help small businesses grow

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 641  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Small business lending is on the rise among tribes in Oklahoma,
and that's bolstering the state economy, officials said.

The Citizen Potawatomi Nation's Community Development Corp., for example, had
about $19 million in its lending portfolio last fiscal year. This year it was
the first Native American program in the country to be included in the U.S.
Treasury Department's Guarantee Program, which helped it raise an additional $21
million in capital for lending, Shane Jett said.

Jett is CEO of the corporation, which operates the Community Development
Financial Institution, or CDFI.

"We are tracking the jobs we create with the money we lend and sending that data
back to Washington, D.C.," Jett said. "It's not an insignificant contribution. "

He did not provide specifics.

The nonprofit organization was created in 2003. Just two years ago, the Muscogee
(Creek) Nation entered business loans with the tribe's Small Business
Development Center.

The SBDC began with a $500,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
a $250,000 grant from the tribe's national council, Manager John Blue said. The
center's mission has been to help launch small businesses and support others
already in operation with loans of up to $50,000 at a time.

The first year of the program attracted 200 interested parties, but not all were
approved. The SBDC has granted loans to only about 30 businesses, Blue said, but
they've proven to be good picks. The center's efforts have benefited the
community with the creation of about 200 jobs over the last two years.

Blue said his tribe has developed strong connections with similar programs in
the state. He cited the Citizen Potawatomi Nation as an example in a $75,000
loan in which the Creek tribe could only provide $50,000. And this year the SBDC
helped the Seminole Nation secure $320,000 from another lender to launch a
winery. Most loans are much smaller, he said, as little as $4,000 for
construction projects or equipment investments.

The Muscogee (Creek) Nation opened its lending authority to Native Americans
from other tribal nations, as long as they lived within about a dozen Oklahoma
counties within the Muscogee (Creek)'s boundaries.

"We've worked closely with the banks, too, to help clients find funds
elsewhere," he said. "For example, BancFirst out of Okemah worked on a deal that
was worth $1.4 million. We helped the citizen get his business plan and other
information together to get started. "

"We don't know of any (small business clients) that we've lost since we opened
the center, although some have struggled through hard times," Blue said. "It's
been important to help them draw up a solid business plan and prepare them for
the obstacles they might run into. "

The Citizen Potawatomi's CDFI offers technical assistance ranging from
accounting to social media, as well as financial assistance. The average small
business loan is about $89,000, Jett said. The agency has loaned as little as
$500 and has an upper cap for direct lending of $300,000, although the
organization also works with other agencies to help clients secure more if
needed.

The agency has proven to be a little more flexible than traditional banks, he
said, because of the clientele it supports. Due diligence backed by a good
business plan is still the baseline assumption, but certain assets are more
common among tribal citizens than the broader culture.

"We use very creative collateral sometimes to make sure they have access to
capital, such as tribal regalia or uniforms with historic military
significance," Jett said. "We're like a bank in that we have money to lend.
We're unlike a bank in that we will lend it to you before you prove you don't
need it. "

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Court rules CFPB can investigate tribal payday lenders

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 14

LENGTH: 256  words


Native American tribal lenders that market small-dollar and installment loans
can be investigated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a California
appeals court ruled Friday in a victory for the consumer agency.

A panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals found that the online lenders
Great Plains Lending, MobiLoans and Plain Green, which offer payday and
installment loans, must comply with civil investigative demand issued by the
CFPB.

The court upheld a lower court ruling that tribal businesses are covered by the
Consumer Financial Protection Act and that Congress did not expressly exclude
Indian tribes from the CFPB's enforcement authority.

"It is undisputed that the tribal lending entities are engaged in the business
activity of small-dollar lending over the Internet, reaching customers who are
not members of the tribes, or indeed, have any relation to the tribes other than
as debtors," Circuit Judge Johnnie B. Rawlinson wrote in a 20-page opinion in
the case, CFPB v. Great Plains Lending.

The companies had argued they should receive sovereign immunity because they
were created and operated by the Chippewa Cree, Tunica Biloxi and Otoe Missouria
tribes.

The Consumer Financial Protection Act broadly authorizes the CFPB to issue an
investigative demand to any "person." The lenders had argued that Indian tribes
fall under the act's definition of a "state," but the appeals court rejected
that view.

The CFPB first pursued the tribal entities in 2013 but the companies initially
refused to respond to its request.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/news/court-rules-cfpb-can-investigate-tribal
-payday-lenders

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Norwest Targets Mortgage Loans on Reservation Land

                          September 9, 1998, Wednesday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN


Norwest Mortgage has launched a home loan program for Native Americans living on
reservations in South Dakota, North Dakota, and Nebraska.

The pilot program for the three-state area helps reduce loan approval time for
Native Americans living on five million acres of allotted trust land.

The first mortgage was issued last month to a Native American woman in Pine
Ridge, S.D., where there is an Oglala Sioux reservation with more than 12,000
people, said Robert Skjonsberg, account executive for community development
lending at Norwest Mortgage in Pierre, S.D.

The woman's mortgage took the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which is working with
Norwest and the Department of Housing and Urban Development on the program, just
30 days to process, said Cora Jones, the bureau's director for the pilot-test
area. Previously, it would have taken six months to a year, she said.

American Indians are "finally getting part of the American dream of
homeownership," Ms. Jones said.

Sixteen Native American groups live within the test area, Ms. Jones said. Three
of the United States' poorest counties-Shannon, Todd, and Ziebach-are within the
test area in South Dakota, she said.

To date, Ms. Jones said, most pilot program activity has been in the southern
part of the test area.

Private financial institutions have been uncomfortable about making mortgages on
reservation land because it is held in trust by the federal government, she
said. When Native Americans did apply for loans, "more often than not they were
turned down," she said.

HUD is guaranteeing the mortgages that Norwest issues so that they can be sold
in the secondary market. The Bureau of Indian Affairs must give its stamp of
approval when a potential borrower living on trust land wants a mortgage.

"We're speeding up the process," said Ms. Jones. The bureau's central office has
set a goal of processing its part of the loan approval in less than 10 days, she
noted.

The program is similar to a conventional mortgage program, but unique legal
structures exist on trust land. In addition to financial information, copies of
tribal documentation must be requested from the bureau.

It takes 50 to 70 days to close a mortgage on individual trust land, including
the 30 to 45 days for Bureau of Indian Affairs processing, said Mr. Skjonsberg.
The program is open to other lenders, he said, but none has closed this type of
loan in South Dakota.

Norwest's program is designed specifically to make mortgages on individual trust
land, which is owned by a tribal member. Mortgages can be made on this land,
with federal approval.

Norwest Mortgage has offices in two banks on the Rosebud Reservation and the
Lower Brule Reservation in South Dakota, Mr. Skjonsberg said. In the past year,
it has closed about 22 loans for Native Americans in the pilot- test area, he
said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 490 words

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Pipeline issue illustrates tribes' broader concerns

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 536 words


UNITED STATES: For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the Obama
administration this month declined to issue an easement for the Dakota Access
pipeline's final segment.

But that elation was dampened by the uncertainty of what comes next: a Donald
Trump-led White House that might be far less attuned to issues affecting Native
Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out near the North Dakota-South Dakota border.

Anxiety over the 1900-kilometre pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over
how tribes will fare under Trump following what many in Indian Country consider
a landmark eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders. And lawmakers cemented
a tribal health care law that includes more preventive care and mental health
resources.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 200,000
hectares under tribes' control - more than any other recent administration -
while the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes
to prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians.

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the US's longstanding
relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Republican Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana,
sponsored legislation that he says would have given tribes more control over
coal and other fossil fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges - including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the US- Mexico border - would collide with
tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 120km portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation. And the nonprofit National Indian Health Board in Washington says
it's aiming to work with lawmakers to ensure the Indian Health Care Improvement
Act remains intact. - AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

A Native American man leads a protest march with veterans and activists outside
the Oceti Sakowin camp where "water protectors" continue to demonstrate against
plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline adjacent to the Standing Rock Indian
Reservation.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Pipeline issue illustrates tribes' broader concerns

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 536 words


UNITED STATES: For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the Obama
administration this month declined to issue an easement for the Dakota Access
pipeline's final segment.

But that elation was dampened by the uncertainty of what comes next: a Donald
Trump-led White House that might be far less attuned to issues affecting Native
Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out near the North Dakota-South Dakota border.

Anxiety over the 1900-kilometre pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over
how tribes will fare under Trump following what many in Indian Country consider
a landmark eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders. And lawmakers cemented
a tribal health care law that includes more preventive care and mental health
resources.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 200,000
hectares under tribes' control - more than any other recent administration -
while the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes
to prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians.

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the US's longstanding
relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Republican Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana,
sponsored legislation that he says would have given tribes more control over
coal and other fossil fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges - including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the US- Mexico border - would collide with
tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 120km portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation. And the nonprofit National Indian Health Board in Washington says
it's aiming to work with lawmakers to ensure the Indian Health Care Improvement
Act remains intact. - AP

--------------------

CAPTION:

A Native American man leads a protest march with veterans and activists outside
the Oceti Sakowin camp where "water protectors" continue to demonstrate against
plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline adjacent to the Standing Rock Indian
Reservation.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: Coalition Aims to Boost Loans to Indians

                           February 9, 1999, Tuesday

Joshua Brockman

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The National Community Reinvestment Coalition, the National Association of
Affordable Housing Lenders, and the National American Indian Housing Council
have formed a coalition to boost mortgage lending on Native American tribal
lands.

The Indian Housing Council said during a legislative conference last week that
the coalition will help to train Native American housing officials on the uses
of the Community Reinvestment Act.

The National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders plans to create an
educational resource for bankers with models for making loans on tribal land.
The organization will also host conferences and publish materials on the
process, the housing council said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKETS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 132 words

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Meetings: Tribal Relations Office; Council for Native American Farming and
Ranching

LENGTH: 846  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)

Action

Notice of public meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA programs and
activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to
the public.
Dates

The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March
26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public. Note that a period for public comment will
be held on March 25, 2015, from 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Addresses

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Hilton Garden Inn
Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104
in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
For Further Information Contact

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
Supplementary Information

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before March
20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th. Those individuals interested
in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit
a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and
the names and addresses of proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the
number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.
Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations.
[FR Doc. 2015-05643 Filed 3-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Capital Briefs: Clinton to Speak on Native American Lending

                            August 6, 1998, Thursday

Bill McConnell

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton today will address about 850 bankers, Native American leaders,
and state officials at a conference to encourage lending and economic
development on tribal lands.

Julie L. Williams, acting comptroller of the currency, also will urge more
Native American tribes to operate their own financial institutions.

Only six tribes have established national banks, Ms. Williams said in an
interview this week, a process made difficult because Native American tribes
often must adapt their legal and court systems to allow regulation by federal
banking supervisors.

"We must distinguish their sovereignty as a nation from our need to ensure the
safety and soundness of every institution," she said.

To help Native American communities launch or acquire national banks, the OCC
issued guidelines Wednesday for tribal ownership.

The conference is sponsored by the White House and 11 federal agencies,
including the Treasury Department.

At a separate meeting on tribal lending this week in Albuquerque, Ellen S.
Seidman, director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, said regulators are
increasingly adding lending on Native American lands to banks' Community
Reinvestment Act obligations.

"Lenders can no longer ignore tribal lands because of the perceived difficulties
or lack of lending opportunities," Ms. Seidman said in a speech Wednesday. "If
financial institutions have federal reservation lands within their lending
markets, they need to learn to serve them."

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 248 words

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Williams, photo

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             creditunionjournal.com

                                 March 2, 2015

Fledgling Native American CU Faces Challenges, Opportunities

BYLINE: Palash Ghosh

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 1050  words


NETT LAKE, Minn. - Just before NCUA chartered the first new credit union of
2015, Northern Eagle FCU was celebrating its first full year of operation,
highlighting some of the challenges de novo charters face.

There were high hopes in the Land of 10,000 Lakes when the NCUA granted a
charter to the Bois Forte Band of Chippewa Native Americans in Minnesota in late
2013.

Led by Nikki Pieratos, Northern Eagle Federal Credit Union has two offices on
the Bois Forte Reservation - in the Tribal Government Building and the Fortune
Bay Resort Casino - and has attracted more than 350 members and so far issued
about $250,000 in consumer and vehicle loans to the long underserved community.

Membership is open to 5,000 members of the Bois Forte Band as well as to non-
tribal members who are part of the immediate household of a Band member. The
credit union is also open to those who work for the local tribal government.

As an institution located in an autonomous part of the U.S., the rules for
opening an account at Northern Eagle differ slightly from most other CUs. For
example, prospective members can use their tribal identification card as legal
ID.

Pieratos, who is Chippewa, estimates that some 80% of the current membership is
a Bois Forte Band member - including some members who live as far away as Duluth
and Minneapolis.

Upon the opening of Northern Eagle, NCUA board chairman Debbie Matz hailed the
development as a step towards easing the entry of an underserved community into
the financial mainstream.

"Many Native Americans unfortunately lack access to federally insured financial
services providers or only have access to predatory lenders," Matz said. "The
chartering of Northern Eagle... addresses a real need. The credit union has the
potential to play an important role in improving the lives and financial
well-being of Northern Minnesota's Chippewa communities."

Northern Eagle said it has served more than 200 people with "one-on-one budget,
debt counseling, and credit-building services" through its Credit Builder
program and its financial education counseling and various workshops.

"The credit union continues to grow its membership and expand its ability to
promote the wise use of savings and credit and provide members with financial
services, including savings accounts and loans," Pieratos said.

Northern Eagle offers a wide variety of financial products and services,
including savings accounts; consumer loans, emergency loans, certificates of
deposit, personal and niche loans; prepaid debit cards, money orders, cashier's
checks, financial education workshops for adults and youth, one-on-one financial
counseling.

Before the CU opened, Pieratos indicated, the local reservation community had
few viable banking options. "The nearest bank is located at least a half-hour
away by car from the reservation," she said.

Challenges

With only about $520,000 in assets, as a tiny institution Northern Eagle faces
some serious challenges to further growth, including a very tough regulatory and
economic climate.

Unemployment on the reservation stands at about 16%, more than double the figure
for the state of Minnesota, though a number of businesses have sprouted up in
the area, including the a casino run by the tribe, as well as a new golf course,
a radio station, a hotel and a manufacturing firm,

Historically, the local economy has been dominated by mining, timber and
tourism.

In addition, the reservation is sparsely populated (with less than 5,000 people)
with wide geographic dispersal and poor transportation infrastructure. To
address this, Northern Eagle currently has a pilot program focused on providing
online banking services. Pieratos said she expects the CU to provide online
banking and checking account services during this year.

Bright Spots

The Fortune Bay Resort Casino, which opened in 1986, has more than 550
employees, an annual payroll of approximately $10.2 million. Fortune Bay also
buys some $22 million in goods and services each year from local vendors.

Looking at the near future, Pieratos has a target of having 25% of her total FOM
- some 1,250 people - joining the credit union.

"That is actually an above-average percentage compared to most new credit
unions," she noted. "We think we can meet this target by promoting vehicle loans
to our members. There's a high demand for that particular product on the
reservation."

Mark Cummins, president and CEO of Minnesota Credit Union Network, which helped
with the founding of Northern Eagle, noted that there are actually some
advantages to starting a CU from scratch and remaining relatively modest in
size.

"When a credit union is locally-owned and managed, the membership is comfortable
with it because the institution is well aware of its unique needs and culture,"
Cummins said. "This builds trust in the community over the long-term, while the
credit unions becomes ever more attuned to the market that it was created to
serve."

But Northern Eagle will have to more than double its asset size quickly to stay
afloat, according to Alabama-based credit union consultant Dennis Dollar.

That's because the CU lacks of any real economy of scale. "[I]t is, frankly,
quite challenging to sustain a new credit union with less than $1 million in
assets," Dollar noted.

Ben Rogers, research director at Filene Research Institute, said that while
$520,000 in assets is enough to provide for basic products and services, a
credit union that size has to have enough cushion to keep growing.

"Hypothetically, if Northern Eagle has 10% of assets as capital [$52,000] and
one car loan of $20,000 that went bad, that capital cushion would go from
healthy to dire overnight," Rogers said. "I see from their website that they're
currently just seeking deposits and selling a limited number of products. That's
a safe first step."

Dollar holds out hope for credit unions like Northern Eagle, especially "if the
support of the Native American community is strong enough for this start-up
credit union to responsibly grow over the next couple of years, it could
possibly grow into a larger credit union with a great community impact. It is
going to depend on how strongly the local Native American community supports
it."

Pieratos is optimistic. "We have a unique niche community that we serve that is
very receptive to us," she said.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJOURNAL_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 March 9, 2015

Fledgling Native American CU Faces Challenges and Opportunities

BYLINE: Palash Ghosh

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 19 No. 5

LENGTH: 1060  words


NETT LAKE, Minn.-Just before NCUA chartered the first new credit union of 2015,
Northern Eagle FCU was celebrating its first full year of operation,
highlighting some of the challenges de novo charters face.

There were high hopes in the Land of 10,000 Lakes when the NCUA granted a
charter to the Bois Forte Band of Chippewa Native Americans in Minnesota in late
2013.

Led by Nikki Pieratos, Northern Eagle Federal Credit Union has two offices on
the Bois Forte Reservation-in the Tribal Government Building and the Fortune Bay
Resort Casino-and has attracted more than 350 members and so far issued about
$250,000 in consumer and vehicle loans to the long underserved community.

Membership is open to 5,000 members of the Bois Forte Band as well as to non-
tribal members who are part of the immediate household of a Band member. The
credit union is also open to those who work for the local tribal government.

As an institution located in an autonomous part of the U.S., the rules for
opening an account at Northern Eagle differ slightly from most other CUs. For
example, prospective members can use their tribal identification card as legal
ID.

Pieratos, who is Chippewa, estimates that some 80% of the current membership is
a Bois Forte Band member-including some members who live as far away as Duluth
and Minneapolis.

A Step in the Right Direction

Upon the opening of Northern Eagle, NCUA board chairman Debbie Matz hailed the
development as a step towards easing the entry of an underserved community into
the financial mainstream.

"Many Native Americans unfortunately lack access to federally insured financial
services providers or only have access to predatory lenders," Matz said. "The
chartering of Northern Eagle... addresses a real need. The credit union has the
potential to play an important role in improving the lives and financial
well-being of Northern Minnesota's Chippewa communities."

Northern Eagle said it has served more than 200 people with "one-on-one budget,
debt counseling, and credit-building services" through its Credit Builder
program and its financial education counseling and various workshops.

"The credit union continues to grow its membership and expand its ability to
promote the wise use of savings and credit and provide members with financial
services, including savings accounts and loans," Pieratos said.

Wide Array of Offerings

Northern Eagle offers a wide variety of financial products and services,
including savings accounts; consumer loans, emergency loans, certificates of
deposit, personal and niche loans; prepaid debit cards, money orders, cashier's
checks, financial education workshops for adults and youth, one-on-one financial
counseling.

Before the CU opened, Pieratos indicated, the local reservation community had
few viable banking options. "The nearest bank is located at least a half-hour
away by car from the reservation," she said.

With only about $520,000 in assets, as a tiny institution Northern Eagle faces
some serious challenges to further growth, including a very tough regulatory and
economic climate.

Unemployment on the reservation stands at about 16%, more than double the figure
for the state of Minnesota, though a number of businesses have sprouted up in
the area, including the a casino run by the tribe, as well as a new golf course,
a radio station, a hotel and a manufacturing firm,

Historically, the local economy has been dominated by mining, timber and
tourism.

Some Challenges

In addition, the reservation is sparsely populated (with fewer than 5,000
people) with wide geographic dispersal and poor transportation infrastructure.
To address this, Northern Eagle currently has a pilot program focused on
providing online banking services. Pieratos said she expects the CU to provide
online banking and checking account services during this year.

The Fortune Bay Resort Casino, which opened in 1986, has more than 550 employees
and an annual payroll of approximately $10.2 million. Fortune Bay also buys some
$22 million in goods and services each year from local vendors.

Looking at the near future, Pieratos has a target of having 25% of her total
FOM-some 1,250 people-joining the credit union.

"That is actually an above-average percentage compared to most new credit
unions," she noted. "We think we can meet this target by promoting vehicle loans
to our members. There's a high demand for that particular product on the
reservation."

Mark Cummins, president and CEO of Minnesota Credit Union Network, which helped
with the founding of Northern Eagle, noted that there are actually some
advantages to starting a CU from scratch and remaining relatively modest in
size.

"When a credit union is locally owned and managed, the membership is comfortable
with it because the institution is well aware of its unique needs and culture,"
Cummins said. "This builds trust in the community over the long-term, while the
credit union becomes ever more attuned to the market that it was created to
serve."

But Northern Eagle will have to more than double its asset size quickly to stay
afloat, according to Alabama-based credit union consultant Dennis Dollar.

In Need of Scale

That's because the credit union lacks any real economy of scale. "[I]t is,
frankly, quite challenging to sustain a new credit union with less than $1
million in assets," Dollar noted.

Ben Rogers, research director at Filene Research Institute, said that while
$520,000 in assets is enough to provide for basic products and services, a
credit union that size has to have enough cushion to keep growing.

"Hypothetically, if Northern Eagle has 10% of assets as capital [$52,000] and
one car loan of $20,000 that went bad, that capital cushion would go from
healthy to dire overnight," Rogers said. "I see from their website that they're
currently just seeking deposits and selling a limited number of products. That's
a safe first step."

Dollar holds out hope for credit unions like Northern Eagle, especially "if the
support of the Native American community is strong enough for this start-up
credit union to responsibly grow over the next couple of years, it could
possibly grow into a larger credit union with a great community impact. It is
going to depend on how strongly the local Native American community supports
it."

Pieratos is optimistic. "We have a unique niche community that we serve that is
very receptive to us," she said.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

Pipeline uncertainty illustrates broader concerns for tribes

BYLINE: By Mary Hudetz Associated Press

SECTION: NATION_; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 761 words


For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the Obama administration
this month declined to issue an easement for the Dakota Access pipeline's final
segment. But that elation was dampened by the uncertainty of what comes next: a
Donald Trump-led White House that might be far less attuned to issues affecting
Native Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out near the North Dakota-South Dakota border.

Anxiety over the 1,200-mile pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over how
tribes will fare under Trump following what many in Indian Country consider a
landmark eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders.

Under his administration, lawmakers cemented a tribal health care law that
includes more preventive care and mental health resources and addresses
recruiting and retaining physicians throughout Indian Country.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 500,000
acres under tribes' control -- more than any other recent administration --
while the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes
to prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians, based in Washington, D.C. "The last eight years give us hope going
forward with the relationships we have on both sides of the aisle."

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the United States'
long-standing relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana, sponsored
legislation that he says would have given tribes more control over coal and
other fossil fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges -- including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border -- would collide
with tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 75-mile portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation. And the nonprofit National Indian Health Board in Washington says
it's aiming to work with lawmakers to ensure the Indian Health Care Improvement
Act remains intact.

The law, which guarantees funding for care through the federal Indian Health
Services agency, was embedded in Obama's health care overhaul after consultation
with tribes.

The government's role figures prominently in Native Americans' daily lives
because treaties and other binding agreements often require the U.S. to manage
tribal health care, law enforcement and education.

Some tribal members say they're unsure how much Trump understands or cares about
their unique relationship with the federal government.

"I think there was a great hope that we had here in Indian Country with the
direct dialogue that President Obama had established with tribal nations," said
Duane "Chili" Yazzie, president of the Navajo Nation's Shiprock Chapter. "If a
similar effort to communicate with us were carried on by the Trump
administration, I would be surprised."

Though most reservations lean Democratic in presidential elections, Trump does
have some supporters in Indian Country. They hope the businessman can turn
around lagging economies in rural reservations, such as the 27,000-square-mile
Navajo Nation, which covers parts of Utah, New Mexico and Arizona.

"Trump is pro-job growth, and tribes need a healthy dose of business creation,"
said Deswood Tome, a former spokesman for the tribe from Window Rock, Arizona.
"To do that, a lot of federal barriers must be removed. We're the only ethnic
group who have so much federal control in our lives."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press President Barack Obama tips his hat as he stands with
Brian Cladoosby, president of the National Congress of American Indians, at the
2016 White House Tribal Nations Conference in Washington in September. The
transition to Donald Trump's administration signals a possible end of eight
years of sweeping Indian Country policy reforms under Obama, who met with tribal
leaders annually.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

Pipeline uncertainty illustrates broader concerns for tribes

BYLINE: MARY HUDETZ The Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 494 words


For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the Obama administration
this month declined to issue an easement for the Dakota Access pipeline's final
segment. But that elation was dampened by the uncertainty of what comes next: a
Donald Trump-led White House that might be far less attuned to issues affecting
Native Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out near the North Dakota-South Dakota border.

Anxiety over the 1,200-mile pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over how
tribes will fare under Trump following what many in Indian Country consider a
landmark eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders.

Under his administration, lawmakers cemented a tribal health care law that
includes more preventive care and mental health resources and addresses
recruiting and retaining physicians throughout Indian Country.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 500,000
acres under tribes' control - more than any other recent administration - while
the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes to
prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians, based in Washington, D.C. "The last eight years give us hope going
forward with the relationships we have on both sides of the aisle."

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the United States'
longstanding relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana, sponsored
legislation that he says would have given tribes more control over coal and
other fossil fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges - including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border - would collide
with tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 75-mile portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 821  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
 28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
 Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Office of Tribal Relations; Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Public Meeting.
Summary

This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR) a public advisory committee of the Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with section
10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C. Appendix
2). This will be the third meeting of the 2014-2016 CNAFR term and will consist
of, but is not limited to: a public comment period; updates on USDA programs and
activities; and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting will be open to
the public.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

The meeting will be held on March 25th from 2:00 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March
26th from 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. and March 27th from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public. Note that a period for public comment will
be held on March 25, 2015, from 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The meeting and public comment period will be held at the Hilton Garden Inn
Oklahoma City Bricktown, 328 East Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104
in the Cimarron-Red River Combo Room.

Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: John Lowery, Designated
Federal Officer, Office of Tribal Relations (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 500-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Questions should be directed to John Lowery, Designated Federal Officer, Office
of Tribal (OTR), 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 500A, Washington, DC
20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: John.Lowery@osec.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA)
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the settlement agreement in Keepseagle v. Vilsack that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.

The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to FSA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created through the farm loan
program through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan
programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching
opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other related
issues as deemed appropriate.

The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.

Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before March
20, 2015. Oral presentations from the public will be scheduled between
approximately 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on March 25th. Those individuals interested
in making formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit
a brief statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and
the names and addresses of proposed participants by March 25, 2015. All oral
presentations will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the
number of participants.

OTR will also make meeting room and all agenda topics available to the public
via the OTR Web site: http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10
business days before the meeting and at the meeting. In addition, the minutes
from the meeting will be posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance
of the public at the CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate
persons with physical disabilities or special needs. If you require special
accommodations due to a disability, please contact John Lowery, at least 10
business days in advance of the meeting.

Leslie Wheelock,

Director, Office of Tribal Relations.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

Shirley lobbies for billions in energy funds

BYLINE: &mdash; By Alysa Landry &mdash; The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 533 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.   The future of the United States' domestic energy production
lies on tribal lands, Navajo Nation President Joe Shirley Jr. told an audience
of energy experts, tribal leaders, government officials and attorneys this week.

The leader of the largest native nation called for a minimum of $5 billion from
the federal government to fund an energy initiative that would help tribes tap
into natural resources.

"The Navajo Nation, like most native nations, has tremendous reserves of fossil
and renewable resources," Shirley said Tuesday in his address at the two-day
Tribal Energy Conference held in Washington, D.C. "A federal government seeking
to reduce its dependence on foreign energy sources should be doing far more to
provide loans, grants, and other incentives to encourage investment in Native
American energy resources."

The money would pay for the construction of power plants such as Desert Rock, a
proposed coal-fired plant near Burnham on the Navajo Nation, Shirley said. The
plant is expected to cost more than $3 billion to build and would provide about
$50 million per year to the Navajo Nation.

Similar plants can be built on other tribal lands that are rich in natural
resources, Shirley said in his address. The Native American Energy Initiative
would provide funds for the planning and design of power plants, as well as
educational money to train workers.

"This fund should provide billions of dollars for tribal projects that promote
the development of environmentally responsible energy production and economic
development," Shirley said at the conference.

The two-day conference, jointly hosted by Law Seminars International, the
National Congress of American Indians and the Council of Energy Resource Tribes,
was organized to promote tribal energy development and offer insight into the
federal energy policy, said Deswood Tome, government and legislative
communications officer for the Navajo Nation Washington Office. About 20 tribal
leaders attended.

"Indian tribes hold an enormous amount of the nation's natural resources," Tome
said. "The idea of the conference was to look at tribal nations as a whole and
see what they can do to contribute energy not only for their own nations, but to
help them prosper economically."

Shirley estimated that the Navajo Nation needs almost $400 million per year in
revenue to develop and sustain an independent economy. Once established,
government-funded energy projects would generate outside investments on tribal
land and provide basic resources to the thousands of Native Americans currently
living without, Shirley said. Additionally, the initiative would foster the
autonomy of Native Americans and reduce the federal government's reliance on
foreign energy, Shirley said.

Although the money has yet to be secured, the Council of Energy Resource Tribes
will continue to research natural resources and petition the federal government
for assistance, Tome said.

"Those that participated in the conference walked away with more understanding
and more knowledge of energy development for tribes," he said. "The plan is to
work with energy-rich tribes to put action into the initiative."

Alysa Landry:

alandry@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Washington: Op-Ed by President Obama in Indian Country Today

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following news release:

This morning, in an op-ed published in Indian Country Today, President Obama
announced his upcoming travel to Cannonball N.D. to visit the Standing Rock
Sioux Tribe on Friday, June 13. The President will be accompanied by the First
Lady in his first visit to Indian Country since taking office.

The following op-ed by President Obama appeared this morning in Indian Country
Today:
https://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2014/06/05/my-upcoming-trip-i...

Six years ago, I made my first trip to Indian Country. I visited the Crow Nation
in Montana - an experience I'll never forget. I left with a new Crow name, an
adoptive Crow family, and an even stronger commitment to build a future that
honors old traditions and welcomes every Native American into the American
Dream.

Next week, I'll return to Indian Country, when Michelle and I visit the Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe in Cannonball, N.D. We're eager to visit this reservation,
which holds a special place in American history as the home of Chief Sitting
Bull. And while we're there, I'll announce the next steps my Administration will
take to support jobs, education, and self-determination in Indian Country.

As President, I've worked closely with tribal leaders, and I've benefited
greatly from their knowledge and guidance. That's why I created the White House
Council on Native American Affairs - to make sure that kind of partnership is
happening across the federal government. And every year, I host the White House
Tribal Nations Conference, where leaders from every federally recognized tribe
are invited to meet with members of my Administration. Today, honoring the
nation-to-nation relationship with Indian Country isn't the exception; it's the
rule. And we have a lot to show for it.

Together, we've strengthened justice and tribal sovereignty. We reauthorized the
Violence Against Women Act, giving tribes the power to prosecute people who
commit domestic violence in Indian Country, whether they're Native American or
not. I signed the Tribal Law and Order Act, which strengthened the power of
tribal courts to hand down appropriate criminal sentences. And I signed changes
to the Stafford Act to let tribes directly request disaster assistance, because
when disasters strike, you shouldn't have to wait for a middleman to get the
help you need.

Together, we've resolved longstanding disputes. We settled a discrimination suit
by Native American farmers and ranchers, and we've taken steps to make sure that
all federal farm loan programs are fair to Native Americans from now on. And I
signed into law the Claims Resolution Act, which included the historic Cobell
settlement, making right years of neglect by the Department of the Interior and
leading to the establishment of the Land Buy-Back Program to consolidate Indian
lands and restore them to tribal trust lands.

Together, we've increased Native Americans' access to quality, affordable health
care. One of the reasons I fought so hard to pass the Affordable Care Act is
that it permanently reauthorized the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, which
provides care to many in tribal communities. And under the Affordable Care Act,
Native Americans across the country now have access to comprehensive, affordable
coverage, some for the first time.

Together, we've worked to expand opportunity. My Administration has built roads
and high-speed internet to connect tribal communities to the broader economy.
We've made major investments in job training and tribal colleges and
universities. We've tripled oil and gas revenues on tribal lands, creating jobs
and helping the United States become more energy independent. And we're working
with tribes to get more renewable energy projects up and running, so tribal
lands can be a source of renewable energy and the good local jobs that come with
it.

We can be proud of the progress we've made together. But we need to do more,
especially on jobs and education. Native Americans face poverty rates far higher
than the national average - nearly 60 percent in some places. And the dropout
rate of Native American students is nearly twice the national rate. These
numbers are a moral call to action. As long as I have the honor of serving as
President, I'll do everything I can to answer that call.

That's what my trip next week is all about. I'm going to hear from as many
people as possible - ranging from young people to tribal leaders - about the
successes and challenges they face every day. And I'll announce new initiatives
to expand opportunity in Indian country by growing tribal economies and
improving Indian education.

As I've said before, the history of the United States and tribal nations is
filled with broken promises. But I believe that during my Administration, we've
turned a corner together. We're writing a new chapter in our history - one in
which agreements are upheld, tribal sovereignty is respected, and every American
Indian and Alaskan Native who works hard has the chance to get ahead. That's the
promise of the American Dream. And that's what I'm working for every day - in
every village, every city, every reservation - for every single American.

For more information please visit: http://www.whitehouse.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 APRIL 5, 1999

Ginnie Mae Hopes to Expand the Indian Secondary Market

BYLINE: By Mark Fogarty

LENGTH: 848 words

Chicago-The Government National Mortgage Association is adding guaranteed
American Indian mortgages to its Targeted Lending Initiative, hoping to
jump-start the fledgling program by giving lenders extra servicing fees.

Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo told the HUD Native
Homeownership Summit here that lenders will be able to earn up to three basis
points over the usual 44 bp Ginnie Mae fee by originating HUD 184 and Federal
Housing Administration 248 loans for securitization by Ginnie Mae.

Those loans, which guarantee lender outlays to American Indians, are currently
eligible to be pooled into Ginnie Maes, but few have been. Mr. Cuomo gave no
estimates on how many loans Ginnie might buy.

Jacqueline Johnson, HUD director of the Office of Native American Programs, also
had no volume estimate but said that other programs have doubled their volumes
when added to the Ginnie Mae TLI, which aids affordable housing and is part of
President Clinton's program to increase the national homeownership rate.

Mr. Cuomo also said that HUD is considering combining the 184 and the FHA 248.
Other officials at the summit said the idea would require Congressional approval
and is being considered for an upcoming legislative package.

The combined instrument probably will be insured by the FHA, since Ginnie Mae
securitizes FHA and Department of Veterans Affairs home loans.

The HUD 184 was made eligible for Ginnie Mae by the 1996 Native American Housing
and Self Determination Act, but few have been securitized, according to Karen
Garner-Wing, who directs the program.

The 184 is much more widely used than the 248, which narrowly escaped being
terminated last year. An official at the conference said only six 248s have
closed this fiscal year, all in New Mexico.

Volume for the 184, on the other hand, is approximately 100 loans so far this
fiscal year. The program is just about to go over 500 closed loans since its
1995 inception, said Ms. Wing.

The two loans differ in certain features. The FHA 248, for instance, can only be
used for tribal trust land, while the 184 can be used for Indians living on fee
simple (private property) land. The majority of 184s to date have been on fee
simple land, as the trust status of tribal land has proved a potent barrier to
mortgage lending. The 184 loan is assumable, a feature which appeals to tribes
that don't want to lose land through foreclosure (they can arrange another
Indian borrower if the first one defaults). The 248 loan is refinanceable, while
the 184 is not.

The HUD 184 has been most popular in Alaska and Oklahoma, two states with big
Indian populations but no reservations. The FHA 248 has been used in the Pacific
Northwest, where Washington Mutual Bank of Seattle has closed about 20 loans.

Mr. Cuomo also detailed for the summit progress that has been made on the
President's "One Stop Shopping" initiative to encourage mortgage lending on
tribal homelands. The task force (consisting of HUD and the Department of
Agriculture) is recommending allowing tribes to retain land in trust through
assumption, creating a financial intermediary to provide homebuyer education and
counseling, and streamlining federal bureaucracy between agencies.

Intermediaries will be nonprofits like the current Navajo Partnership for
Housing and a similar one that is forming on the Pine Ridge reservation of the
Oglala Lakota in South Dakota.

A second homeownership summit will be held on Pine Ridge this summer, with plans
for a "blitz build" of 50 homes.

Mr. Cuomo gave tribes a strong incentive to start forming nonprofit
intermediaries by announcing that tribal nonprofits will be able to apply for a
share of more than $ 1 billion in HUD programs tribes currently are ineligible
for. The programs, currently only open to local governments and nonprofits,
include Rural Economic Development grants. Tribal nonprofits will get a
preference for the $ 27 million in funding this year.

Other grants eligible include those for low-income senior citizens and those
with disabilities, homeless people, the Youthbuild program for home building
training, low-income people with AIDS, and the Self-Help Homeownership
Opportunity Program.

HUD angered many tribal leaders by not including an increase in the amount for
Indian housing in next year's budget. The current budget is $ 620 million, which
is distributed to tribes or their designated housing entities in block grants
set up by NAHASDA.

NAHASDA was intended to encourage tribes to partner with lenders to leverage
housing funds, and several have done that in the 18 months since the first block
grants were awarded.

Tribes recognized at the meeting for doing so included the Chickasaw Nation of
Oklahoma, which has partnered with Freddie Mac, PMI Mortgage Insurance and
others on a mortgage effort, the Comanche Nation of Oklahoma, the Choctaw Nation
of Oklahoma, the Coeur d'Alene tribe of Idaho, which has partnered with Norwest
Mortgage, and the Grand Ronde tribe of Oregon.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

FTC suit says loan operation hid behind tribes

BYLINE: Steve Raabe

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 391 words


The Federal Trade Commission filed suit Monday against an online payday-lending
operation that has claimed American Indian tribal affiliations to circumvent
state regulation.

The FTC said the lender allegedly piled on undisclosed and inflated fees and
collected loan payments illegally by threatening borrowers with arrest and
lawsuits. The agency has asked a federal court to stop the allegedly illegal
business tactics while the FTC pursues its case against the defendants.

The lending operation had been the target of eight years of inquiries by the
Colorado attorney general's office. However, a Denver district judge in February
ruled that the attorney general could no longer investigate because the lenders'
affiliated tribes are protected from state investigation by tribal sovereign
immunity laws.

The FTC alleges the defendants' claims of tribal affiliation do not exempt them
from complying with federal law.

Named as defendants in the FTC case are Scott A. Tucker, Blaine A. Tucker,
Timothy J. Muir, Don E. Brady, Robert D. Campbell, Troy L. LittleAxe, AMG
Services Inc., Red Cedar Services Inc., SFS Inc., Tribal Financial Services, AMG
Capital Management LLC, Level 5 Motorsports LLC, LeadFlash Consulting LLC,
PartnerWeekly LLC, Black Creek Capital Corp., Broadmoor Capital Partners LLC and
the Muir Law Firm LLC.

A related case investigated by the Colorado attorney general alleged that loan
companies Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans, controlled by Scott Tucker,
created affiliations with the Miami tribe of Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux
Nation of Nebraska to circumvent state regulations.

Critics have termed the arrangements "rent-a-tribe." The Native American Fair
Commerce Coalition, an advocacy group for tribes engaging in online business,
said the FTC lawsuit was a concern.

"We're surprised the FTC would take this action," said Barry Brandon, executive
director of the group. He said the recent Denver District Court ruling shows
that the tribes were legitimately involved in the businesses and that their
sovereign immunity was appropriate.

The FTC said the lending operation has generated more than 7,500 complaints to
law enforcement authorities. In many cases, the defendants' inflated fees left
borrowers with supposed debts of more than triple the amount they had borrowed.

Steve Raabe: 303-954-1948or sraabe@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 06, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                February 1, 1999

IHA in Mortgage Deals with Big Banks

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: Ukiah, CA


A regional Indian Housing Authority here has made mortgage agreements with two
of the largest banks in the country -- and has closed ten loans with one of
them.

Northern Circle Indian Housing Authority, which represents 13 small bands of
American Indians totaling about 4,000 people, has made agreements with Chase
Manhattan and Bank of America in which the banks will extend first mortgages
that the IHA will support by second mortgages of up to $ 75,000.

The mortgages are going to people living off-reservation at the Dry Creek and
Stewarts Point rancherias (reservations) in Sonoma County because neither tribe
has developable trust land.

Darlene Tooley, executive director of Northern Circle, said that the loans
closed by Chase have averaged between $ 90,000 and $ 100,000 each, with tribal
members paying up to $ 960 a month on them.  She said that two more of the
bands, the Robinson Rancheria in Lake County and the Berry Creek Rancheria in
Butte County, now are interested in the program, and she hopes they can be set
up by late spring.

The IHA has a pipeline of 32 families now going through credit counseling to
prepare them for homeownership, and she says the next family ready will be sent
to Bank of America, which announced its participation after a nearly year-long
negotiation.

"I hope we make some loans," said Ms. Tooley, noting of BofA, "they've been
responsive so far." But she also said no definite dollar or number commitment
has been made by the bank.  She said she hoped the IHA would refer the bank to
an applicant "within the next month or so."

BankAmerica Mortgage, the nation's largest mortgage company with some $ 250
billion in servicing, intends to use its Neighborhood Advantage Credit Flex loan
for affordable, 30-year mortgages.

Maximum loan amount will be the Federal Housing Authority's $ 170,360 limit.
The tribal second mortgage of up to $ 75,000 will be forgiven if the family
occupies the home for ten years, said Ms. Tooley.  The second mortgage will
eliminate the need for a downpayment or mortgage insurance.

Tribal families earning up to 80% of median income in Sonoma County (currently $
43,440 for a family of four) will be eligible.

The bank is using a flex program "designed for people who do not have a
traditional credit history or an established credit score." It will look at an
applicant's history of paying rent and utility bills on time.

Cynthia Allison, product manager, community lending at BofA, said the agreement
was part of a $ 10 billion commitment to rural and Native American lending the
bank has made as part of its Rural 2000 initiative, which is itself part of a $
350 billion community development commitment.

She said the bank is looking for Native American programs around the country,
involving the same set of circumstances as the Northern Circle deal -- a
nonprofit partner to run the counseling part of the program, and adequate
housing stock to make loans on.

How many loans is Bank of America projecting on doing?  "As many as we're able
to find," according to Ms. Allison.

The more difficult area of making mortgages on tribal trust land is "under
discussion now" at the bank, she said.  Trust land is harder to make loans on
because the government technically owns the land "in trust" for tribes or
individuals.  Only in recent years has there been any mortgage lending on trust
land.

The IHA will retain a buyback option if the family defaults or wants to sell
before ten years, Ms. Tooley said.

The IHA is contracting with Consumer Credit Counseling Service of America to
work on getting families ready for a mortgage.

Ms. Tooley said that as early as the 1980's, its member tribes were looking for
alternative housing strategies to traditional government housing.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 897  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Additional Funds Support Broadband and Infrastructure Development in Indian
Country

WASHINGTON, Dec. 3, 2014 - Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack announced $9.7 million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit
organizations, and educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran
farmers and ranchers. These awards are distributed through the Outreach and
Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers Program, also known as the " 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Resilience AmeriCorps Expands to 55 Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 1084  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Corporation for National and Community Service has issued the
following news release:



 The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency
that administers AmeriCorps, today announced the expansion of its innovative
Resilience AmeriCorps program to 55 tribal communities through partnerships with
Conservation Legacy, American Indian Higher Education Consortium, Enterprise
Community Partners, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and Tribal Housing
Authorities.





 The new partnership will place up to 160 AmeriCorps VISTA members in Indian
Country over the next three years to boost their capacity to prepare for severe
weather events. AmeriCorps VISTA members will serve at locations in Alaska,
Arizona, California, Colorado, Guam, Louisiana, Michigan, Montana, Nebraska, New
Mexico, New York, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, and Wisconsin. A list
of all communities and tribes joining Resilience AmeriCorps can be found here.




 CNCS and its partners are actively recruiting AmeriCorps VISTA members to be
on-the-ground this fall. AmeriCorps members receive a modest living stipend and
a Segal AmeriCorps Education Award of $5,815 to pay for college or to pay back
student loans. Positions are still available to join the program and those
interested in applying to serve in Indian Country can see project listings here.




 Resilience AmeriCorps, a unique federal public-private partnership, helps
communities plan and implement efforts necessary to become more resilient to
shocks and stresses, including the impacts of severe weather events. The program
was created in response to a recommendation by the President's State, Local, and
Tribal Leaders Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience to help
communities plan and implement efforts to become more resilient to the impacts
of extreme weather, disasters, and climate effects.



 "The Resilience AmeriCorps program, and the partnerships that sustain it, are
another example of how we collaborate with philanthropy, nonprofits, local and
tribal governments, higher education, and other federal agencies to address the
nation's most-pressing challenges," said Wendy Spencer, CEO of the Corporation
for National and Community Service.  "We are proud to expand this effort to
Indian Country, and we stand committed to serving in tribal communities that are
often most vulnerable in the face of disasters."



 The new partnerships announced today are:



     Conservation Legacy: Through the Community Stewards' Tribal Resilience
AmeriCorps VISTA Initiative, Conservation Legacy will place up to 48 AmeriCorps
VISTA members in projects designed to build resilience, promote cultural
heritage, and provide employment pathways in 35 Native American communities.
AmeriCorps VISTA members will support projects developed by tribal colleges and
universities, National Park Service sites, and the Ancestral Lands Program. This
initiative is strengthened by a partnership with the American Indian Higher
Education Consortium (AIHEC), which integrates with AIHEC's Native Climate
Resilience Network project. AmeriCorps VISTA members will build capacity for the
tribal communities through work with organizations promoting resilience,
environmental stewardship, economic opportunities, food sovereignty, and youth
development. This expands on existing partnerships between CNCS, Conservation
Legacy, the U.S. Department of the Interior, and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.



     Enterprise Community Partners: The Enterprise Cultural and Climate
Resilience AmeriCorps VISTA program will increase culturally appropriate,
environmentally responsible affordable housing available to Native American
communities. Twenty AmeriCorps VISTA members a year--a total of 60 over three
years--will work with 12 host-site partners on tribal lands across the country.
The AmeriCorps VISTA members will help grow the capacity of local organizations
from natural disaster resilience planning in Montana, to a sustainable energy
economy in New Mexico, to the development of a climate resilience master plan in
South Dakota.



 "The Ancestral Lands program has supported American Indian communities by
providing jobs and service opportunities for Native young people and by
completing important project work on tribal and public lands," said Harry
Bruell, CEO of Conservation Legacy. "We are honored to work with the Corporation
for National and Community Service to expand these efforts. We believe in the
work that an AmeriCorps VISTA member can bring to a community and we look
forward to supporting the capacity building efforts in our nation's most
deserving communities."



 "The communities served by this AmeriCorps VISTA program are often the hardest
hit by natural disasters and climate change, further exacerbating an inadequate
and substandard housing supply," said Laurel Blatchford, Senior Vice President
of Solutions at Enterprise. "Through this program, 300 Native American,
low-income families will benefit through the creation and preservation of
affordable homes connected to opportunity, including social services and
cultural activities."



 CNCS has a long-standing commitment to work with tribal nations to address the
critical issues Native American communities face. The announcement, which was
made during the 8th Annual White House Tribal Leaders Conference in Washington,
D.C., builds on the work being done in the initial 28 Resilience AmeriCorps
cities, which are implemented by New York Governor's Office of Storm Recovery,
Catholic Charities USA, Lutheran Services in America, Cities of Service, and
Enterprise Community Partners. In addition, CNCS will invest more than $3.5
million in tribal sponsored AmeriCorps programming to mentor youth, teach
nutrition and physical activity, preserve language and cultural heritage,
protect the environment, connect veterans to job opportunities, prepare for
disasters, and tackle substance abuse issues.



 Resilience AmeriCorps supports the President's Climate Action Plan, and is a
partnership between the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS),
the federal agency that administers the AmeriCorps program; the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration; the U.S. Department of Energy; the Environmental
Protection Agency, and the White House Council on Environmental Quality, with
support from The Rockefeller Foundation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Resilience AmeriCorps Expands to 55 Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 1084  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Corporation for National and Community Service has issued the
following news release:



 The Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency
that administers AmeriCorps, today announced the expansion of its innovative
Resilience AmeriCorps program to 55 tribal communities through partnerships with
Conservation Legacy, American Indian Higher Education Consortium, Enterprise
Community Partners, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and Tribal Housing
Authorities.





 The new partnership will place up to 160 AmeriCorps VISTA members in Indian
Country over the next three years to boost their capacity to prepare for severe
weather events. AmeriCorps VISTA members will serve at locations in Alaska,
Arizona, California, Colorado, Guam, Louisiana, Michigan, Montana, Nebraska, New
Mexico, New York, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, and Wisconsin. A list
of all communities and tribes joining Resilience AmeriCorps can be found here.




 CNCS and its partners are actively recruiting AmeriCorps VISTA members to be
on-the-ground this fall. AmeriCorps members receive a modest living stipend and
a Segal AmeriCorps Education Award of $5,815 to pay for college or to pay back
student loans. Positions are still available to join the program and those
interested in applying to serve in Indian Country can see project listings here.




 Resilience AmeriCorps, a unique federal public-private partnership, helps
communities plan and implement efforts necessary to become more resilient to
shocks and stresses, including the impacts of severe weather events. The program
was created in response to a recommendation by the President's State, Local, and
Tribal Leaders Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience to help
communities plan and implement efforts to become more resilient to the impacts
of extreme weather, disasters, and climate effects.



 "The Resilience AmeriCorps program, and the partnerships that sustain it, are
another example of how we collaborate with philanthropy, nonprofits, local and
tribal governments, higher education, and other federal agencies to address the
nation's most-pressing challenges," said Wendy Spencer, CEO of the Corporation
for National and Community Service.  "We are proud to expand this effort to
Indian Country, and we stand committed to serving in tribal communities that are
often most vulnerable in the face of disasters."



 The new partnerships announced today are:



     Conservation Legacy: Through the Community Stewards' Tribal Resilience
AmeriCorps VISTA Initiative, Conservation Legacy will place up to 48 AmeriCorps
VISTA members in projects designed to build resilience, promote cultural
heritage, and provide employment pathways in 35 Native American communities.
AmeriCorps VISTA members will support projects developed by tribal colleges and
universities, National Park Service sites, and the Ancestral Lands Program. This
initiative is strengthened by a partnership with the American Indian Higher
Education Consortium (AIHEC), which integrates with AIHEC's Native Climate
Resilience Network project. AmeriCorps VISTA members will build capacity for the
tribal communities through work with organizations promoting resilience,
environmental stewardship, economic opportunities, food sovereignty, and youth
development. This expands on existing partnerships between CNCS, Conservation
Legacy, the U.S. Department of the Interior, and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.



     Enterprise Community Partners: The Enterprise Cultural and Climate
Resilience AmeriCorps VISTA program will increase culturally appropriate,
environmentally responsible affordable housing available to Native American
communities. Twenty AmeriCorps VISTA members a year--a total of 60 over three
years--will work with 12 host-site partners on tribal lands across the country.
The AmeriCorps VISTA members will help grow the capacity of local organizations
from natural disaster resilience planning in Montana, to a sustainable energy
economy in New Mexico, to the development of a climate resilience master plan in
South Dakota.



 "The Ancestral Lands program has supported American Indian communities by
providing jobs and service opportunities for Native young people and by
completing important project work on tribal and public lands," said Harry
Bruell, CEO of Conservation Legacy. "We are honored to work with the Corporation
for National and Community Service to expand these efforts. We believe in the
work that an AmeriCorps VISTA member can bring to a community and we look
forward to supporting the capacity building efforts in our nation's most
deserving communities."



 "The communities served by this AmeriCorps VISTA program are often the hardest
hit by natural disasters and climate change, further exacerbating an inadequate
and substandard housing supply," said Laurel Blatchford, Senior Vice President
of Solutions at Enterprise. "Through this program, 300 Native American,
low-income families will benefit through the creation and preservation of
affordable homes connected to opportunity, including social services and
cultural activities."



 CNCS has a long-standing commitment to work with tribal nations to address the
critical issues Native American communities face. The announcement, which was
made during the 8th Annual White House Tribal Leaders Conference in Washington,
D.C., builds on the work being done in the initial 28 Resilience AmeriCorps
cities, which are implemented by New York Governor's Office of Storm Recovery,
Catholic Charities USA, Lutheran Services in America, Cities of Service, and
Enterprise Community Partners. In addition, CNCS will invest more than $3.5
million in tribal sponsored AmeriCorps programming to mentor youth, teach
nutrition and physical activity, preserve language and cultural heritage,
protect the environment, connect veterans to job opportunities, prepare for
disasters, and tackle substance abuse issues.



 Resilience AmeriCorps supports the President's Climate Action Plan, and is a
partnership between the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS),
the federal agency that administers the AmeriCorps program; the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration; the U.S. Department of Energy; the Environmental
Protection Agency, and the White House Council on Environmental Quality, with
support from The Rockefeller Foundation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical Assistance to
Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 835  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Additional Funds Support Broadband and Infrastructure Development in Indian
Country

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Momentum created by tribal official's White House work

BYLINE: NICK SMITH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 810 words


Months after her departure from the White House, state and federal leaders
called the work of a North Dakota Native American official who helped guide
policy with tribes nationwide a rare opportunity to improve tribal life.

Jodi Gillette served in Washington, D.C., in multiple positions from 2009 until
May of this year, helping coordinate between the Barack Obama administration and
tribal leaders.

Gillette, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, has since joined
Washington, D.C.-based law firm Sonosky, Chambers, Sachse, Endreson and Perry
LLP as its policy adviser. The firm represents Native American tribes for
litigation, lobbying and economic development.

She splits time between her D.C. office and Bismarck, where she lives with her
husband.

In 2008, Gillette was hired by Obama for America to oversee statewide operations
of the First American voting efforts. During the campaign, she said she became
excited over Obama's talk of Native American issues, including consulting with
tribes on policy as well as veterans' issues.

"I hadn't heard a presidential candidate speak to those issues before," Gillette
said. "Going from North Dakota into the White House was a pretty, I guess, it
was a life-changing leap of faith."

She served as an associate director of intergovernmental affairs at the White
House in 2009-2010. In 2011, Gillette joined the U.S. Department of the Interior
as deputy assistant secretary for Indian Affairs and, in 2012, was named Special
Assistant to the President for Native American Affairs.

Gillette said the president didn't have much background on tribal issues, and it
took the administration time to get its bearings.

"He wanted to know what the tribal leaders had to say. He wanted to rekindle
that fire and relationship," Gillette said.

To jumpstart a dialogue, the White House Tribal Nations Conference was created
in 2009 and has been held each year since.

Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., said the move to consult with tribes is a big step.

"Far too often discussions are had without consultation. You've got to think of
what happens in Indian country. They (officials) never think of tribal
government as a political entity," Heitkamp said.

Another major achievement was the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization in
2013, which included language allowing tribal jurisdiction in cases of women who
are assaulted by non-tribal men on tribal lands.

"The Violence Against Women Act reauthorization was very important to tribal
members. It can't be understated," Gillette said.

An effort also was made to address numerous pieces of litigation between the
federal government and tribes. Two major lawsuits were settled between the
federal government and tribes with a combined value of more than $3 billion
expected to be sent to Native Americans. One of them involves a Standing Rock
tribal member who sued the U.S. Department of Agriculture over loans denied to
Native American farmers.

"We've been able to close the door on a time when the litigation was sort of
defining the relationship," Gillette said. "It restores trust."

Obama also visited Cannon Ball in June 2014, an event Heitkamp called a major
step in addressing tribal issues, particularly those involving tribal youth.

"That's really a tribute to Jodi. Bringing him and taking some time with those
kids will have long-term consequences," Heitkamp said.

An emotional private encounter hearing the stories of tribal youth had an impact
on Obama. Late last year, he announced several initiatives, including a report
on challenges facing tribal youth, a project to support tribal schools and a
national network to cultivate Native American leaders.

"It pushed the administration to a whole other level. That was when we really
zeroed in," Gillette said.

The efforts aren't lost on tribal officials, including Gillette's brother,
Standing Rock Sioux Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II.

"I can't think of another administration more willing to put attention toward
Indian Country," Archambault told the Tribune late last year.

North Dakota Indian Affairs Commissioner Scott Davis said he was proud of
Gillette's efforts.

"What she's done at that level, from North Dakota and from Standing Rock, has
been amazing to watch," Davis said.

Davis said having someone being able to give North Dakota and the Great Plains
states' tribes a voice was an added bonus. He said there's a sense of optimism
among tribal leaders that he hopes can continue.

To keep that optimism, Gillette said a push to maintain momentum is needed once
a new president takes office.

"People are excited that there's an opportunity for a lot of things to be
completed while the president is still president," Gillette said. "There's a
tendency to walk things back under a new administration. I hope this isn't one
of those."

(Reach Nick Smith at 701-250-8255 or 701-223-8482 or at
nick.smith@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 August 8, 1994

Native Americans and Gaming

BYLINE: By CATHY ASATO, (Last of a series)

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1504 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The fastest growing and most pervasive segment of the gaming industry is the
establishment of casinos on Native American reservations, where a number of
tribes view gaming as a way to economic self-sufficiency and improved
well-being.

And for at least one Indian tribe in Connecticut, its casino has brought with it
a decided increase in home prices.

Casino gambling on reservations has brought economic prosperity to many tribes
as it creates employment opportunities, and consequently improvements in health,
education and welfare.

In 1988, the Indian Gaming and Regulatory Act took effect, permitting tribes to
conduct any gambling activity that is permitted elsewhere in the state on which
the reservation sits.

The act was intended to "provide a statutory basis for the operation of gaming
by Indian tribes as a means of promoting tribal economic development,
self-sufficiency and strong tribal governments."

For the most part, gambling has provided a stimulus on reservations and on local
economies.

More than 70 tribes now are involved in gaming activities and others are showing
interest as tribes learn that gaming can be a great tool to adjust problems on
reservations, said Bill Cadotte, a member of the Lac Courte Oreilles Reservation
in Hayward, Wis.

Many tribal governments see the establishment of casinos as a means to put
people to work.

For tribes, profits from gambling have led to economic independence.  For
individual tribe members, casinos provide jobs on the reservation where
previously there were none.

And as jobs provide income, members have more money to spend, Mr. Cadotte said.

As profits increase the tribes are able to pump money back into local economies
in addition to improving living conditions on the reservations.

In some cases, unemployment levels on Native American reservations had reached
as high as 75%.

On reservations that have introduced gaming, unemployment rates have been
dropping across the nation, in some instances to below 50%, Mr. Cadotte
estimated.

Unemployment on Indian reservations has been high because there are almost no
job opportunities on reservations themselves.

And as reservations often are in remote areas, an individual would have to move
away from home and away from his/her tribe or travel a significant distance to
obtain and keep a job.

Further, because of the way that reservations have been set up as Federal Trust
land, it is difficult for tribes and for individual tribe members to obtain
financing for job-creating businesses.

As the government holds reservation land in trust, the tribe or a member of the
tribe cannot use it as collateral when applying for loans.

Consequently, many banks are unwilling to lend to Native Americans living on
reservations.

States have no jurisdiction on reservations and their banking laws do not apply.

For example, Mr. Cadotte said, if an individual wanted to open a small business
on or near the reservation, and needed financing to start the venture, he or she
would have difficulty obtaining a loan from a bank as the individual could not
list his or her home or any other property for security.

Some state governments, banks and advocacy groups have programs aimed at
providing greater access to credit for Native Americans and other minority
groups.

One effective Federal government program has been cut out of the budget, Mr.
Cadotte said.  The Bureau of Indian Affairs used to have a loan guarantee
program and economic development grants which helped borrowers to raise the 20%
cash down payment required by banks for loans.

Some tribes now set aside a portion of total gambling profits to make loans to
members for business ventures, according to Mr. Cadotte.

Mr. Cadotte said he has seen commercial development around some reservations
with casinos, including hotels and restaurants started both by tribe members and
also by private businesses.

One tribe which has achieved tremendous success is the Mashantucket Pequots, a
314 member tribe, which operates the Foxwoods Casino in Ledyard, Conn.

The Pequots opened a 250,000 square foot facility in February 1992.  Today, the
operation covers two million square feet and includes underground parking,
lodging, retail shops, restaurants, entertainment complex and a new bingo
hall/arena.

The bingo operation opened this summer and seats 3,000 for bingo and
accommodates 5,000 in its arena mode.

Foxwoods still has many expansion plans under consideration.

The casino averages more than 20,000 visitors per day and on peak holiday
weekends up to 46,000.

Foxwoods attributes its prosperity to being a well-run establishment and by
making itself attractive to customers by providing gaming and entertainment,
said Bruce MacDonald, tribe spokesman.

In addition, the casino's location between Boston and New York and its proximity
to two major interstate highways have contributed to its success

Foxwoods employs 9,200 individuals, mainly from New London County, Conn., with
an annual payroll of $ 200 million.

In addition, according to a study by Arthur W. Wright & Associates, every new
Foxwoods job supports 1,107 additional non-casino jobs in the county.

Each new job cuts recipients from Aid for Dependent Children and cumulatively
the casino is saving the state $ 9.6 to $ 16 million in welfare costs per year,
the study found.

The study also found that as unemployment decreased housing prices escalated.  A
one percentage point reduction in the unemployment rate led to a 7.7% increase
in real housing prices.

The study concluded that employment at Foxwoods will lead to a $ 1.17 billion
rise in real house prices in Southeastern Connecticut.

"Further, adding indirect employment effects raises the total increase in house
prices to $ 6.1 billion by the end of the decade," the study said.

Before the casino took off, the area had a glut of housing.  Today, the rental
market is a tight one, Mr. MacDonald said.

Due to the success of Foxwoods, the Pequots have become the second largest
purchaser of land in the area and because this is land outside of the
reservation, it is subject to local property taxes, he said.

Foxwoods, because of its location, mainly draws gamblers from "the day trip
market." However, it has developed lodging to encourage overnight or weekend
visits, according to Mr. MacDonald.

On two separate properties, 600 hotel rooms have been opened this year.  One is
a 312-room resort hotel on the reservation itself and the other is an inn
adjacent to the reservation.  The tribe operates both hotels.

In addition, a major hotel chain has proposed a 400-room hotel close to the
casino.

The casino has had a "hefty impact" not only on new commercial development in
the area, but also on sustaining existing business, Mr. MacDonald said.

According to the Office of Policy and Management, the Pequot tribe is the
largest revenue provider to the state of Connecticut outside of the Federal
government.

The Pequots will provide $ 117 million in revenues to the state this year.
Under this agreement, the tribe turns over 25% of the revenues from its slot
machines.

The tribe does not disclose total profits, however, it has been reported that
the casino generates $ 1 million in revenues per day.

The tribe has become "a dominant economic entity," Mr. MacDonald said.

Due to the volume of business at Foxwoods, it is a significant purchaser of
goods and services just to sustain operations.

For example, during July, Foxwoods served 19,000 meals per day, Mr. MacDonald
said.

The Pequot tribe has put money back into the economy by allocating some its
profits to support local projects.

For example, the tribe contributes $ 1 million per year to Mystic Coast and
Country of Mystic, a regional organization which promotes tourism in
Connecticut.

The Pequots also have financed fireworks displays which local counties dropped
from their budgets and have donated $ 2 million to the 1995 Special Olympics.

Yet another benefit for the Pequots and for non-Indian employees of Foxwoods, is
a comprehensive, no-cost health plan, for people who traditionally do not get
medical benefits.  Many in the service/tourism industry do not receive health
benefits.

According to a report by the National Indian Policy Center at the George
Washington University.  Americans strongly support the right of Indian tribes to
operate gaming facilities on reservations.

However, opposition has been raised because of concerns about organized crime
and increased gambling addiction.  In addition, many religious and other
conservative groups have voiced moral opposition to gaming.

Mr. Cadotte said he has not seen a significant amount of abuse connected to
gambling on reservations.  Others have complained about increased traffic on and
around reservations.

Tribes have tried to locate casinos away from residential areas.

In Connecticut, concerns surrounding traffic have died down as the Pequots have
invested $ 10 million to improve highways, side roads and intersections in the
area.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Refugee Microenterprise Development (MED) Program

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    HHS-2017-ACF-ORR-RG-1228

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Refugee Microenterprise Development (MED) Program


 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Income Security and Social Services

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    10

 CFDA Number(s):    93.576 -- Refugee and Entrant Assistance_Discretionary
Grants

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 06, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 06, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 05, 2017  Electronically
submitted applications must be submitted no later than 11:59 p.m., ET, on the
listed application due date.

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 05, 2017  Electronically
submitted applications must be submitted no later than 11:59 p.m., ET, on the
listed application due date.

 Archive Date:    Jun 04, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $2,000,000

 Award Ceiling:    $250,000

 Award Floor:    $150,000

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Native American tribal organizations (other than
Federally recognized tribal governments)

 State governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Private institutions of higher education

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Independent school districts

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Special district governments

 City or township governments

 County governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Public or private non-profit agencies
are eligible for awards under this announcement. Faith-based and community
organizations that meet the eligibility requirements are eligible to receive
awards under this funding opportunity announcement. Faith-based organizations
are encouraged to review the ACF Policy on Grants to Faith-Based Organizations
at: http: //www.acf.hhs.gov/acf-policy-on-grants-to-faith-based-organizations.
Applications from individuals (including sole proprietorships) and foreign
entities are not eligible and will be disqualified from competitive review and
from funding under this announcement.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Administration for Children and Families - ORR

 Description:    The Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) within The
Administration for Children and Families' (ACF) invites eligible entities to
submit competitive grant applications for the Refugee Microenterprise
Development (MED) Program. ORR has supported MED projects since 1991 to a
variety of public agencies, community economic development agencies, local
mutual assistance associations, and voluntary agencies. The overall goal of the
Refugee MED Program is assist refugees to become economically self-sufficient
by, 1) assisting refugees to establish microenterprise businesses through the
provision of MED loans, training and technical assistance (T/TA), and 2)
assisting refugees in building credit history and/or repairing their credit
score. Allowable activities under the Refugee MED Program include providing
technical assistance on loans, maintaining a revolving loan fund, provision of
credit builder loans, and administrative costs associated with managing the MED
Program.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Cantwell, Udall, Tester Introduce Measure to Create Jobs by
Fostering Entrepreneurship in Indian Country

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator  Maria Cantwell has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Maria Cantwell (D-WA), Tom Udall (D-NM), and Jon Tester
(D-MT) introduced the Native American Business Incubators Program Act,
legislation to help launch small businesses and encourage job creation in Indian
Country.





 Their bill, S. 607, creates a competitive grant program to establish and fund
business incubators that will assist in cultivating Native American-owned small
businesses. The incubators will serve as a much-needed resource in Indian
Country, where entrepreneurs often face start-up challenges such as difficulty
accessing business loans, federal restrictions on leasing and other activities
on Tribal land, and proximity to cities since many Tribes are located in highly
rural areas.



 "It's critical we provide tools and training to help Native American
entrepreneurs thrive and strengthen the communities around them," said Cantwell.
"The Tribal business incubator program will help Northwest Tribes, who are often
in isolated regions of our state, build skills and expertise that can help
create jobs in our rural communities."



 "Small businesses are the engines of economic growth - and when Native American
small businesses succeed, they expand opportunity across Indian Country. As the
vice chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee and senator for New Mexico,
I am committed to finding new and creative ways to support entrepreneurs and
help create jobs in Indian Country," said Udall. "Our bill will provide
essential tools that will empower Native American business owners to develop an
effective business plan, cut through red tape, and gain access to the capital
they need to thrive."



 "Folks in Indian Country face unique obstacles when they take their business
from the drawing board to a storefront in their communities," said Tester. "By
providing Native American entrepreneurs with the space, networking, and
resources to start a business, they can launch their careers and hire folks
locally."



 Cantwell, Udall, and Tester's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive
grant initiative within the Interior Department's Office of Indian Energy and
Economic Development to establish or maintain business incubators that serve
Native American communities.



 "The National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development strongly
supports the recent revisions and reintroduction of the Native American Business
Incubators Program Act. This important legislation responds to our request for
robust development policies tailored to Indian Country's unique sovereign and
business characteristics and capabilities, and to incubating businesses and
assisting them with access to capital. We applaud Vice Chairman Tom Udall and
cosponsors, Senators Jon Tester, and Maria Cantwell, for working tirelessly to
address our concerns and take steps to create economic opportunities for Indian
Country," said Chris James, President & CEO of the National Center for American
Indian Enterprise Development (NCAIED).



 "NCAI is pleased that the Native American Business Incubators bill has been
introduced. This legislation provides opportunities for job creation and
economic development that will aid Tribal governments in bringing important
economic growth to Tribal communities. NCAI looks forward to working with the
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs and this Congress to enact this legislation,"
said Jacqueline Pata, Executive Director of the National Congress of American
Indians.



 Tribal business incubators will create a one-stop shop for Native American
entrepreneurs to access workspace, a collaborative environment, individualized
business skills training, and opportunities to build professional networks. The
Tribal incubators will promote economic growth by assisting Native American
entrepreneurs in navigating the regulatory complexities of Indian Country.




 Eligible grant applicants include Tribes, institutions of higher education,
Tribal colleges and universities, and non-profit organizations. To be considered
for a grant, eligible applicants must submit a comprehensive three-year plan,
provide a site description of a physical workspace, offer business skills
training and education, and meet other specific requirements. The bill gives
priority to business incubators sited in or near the reservation community the
applicant intends to serve.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Two Companies Focus on Loans to Native Americans

                          December 1, 1999, Wednesday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN


With mortgage lending to Native Americans living on reservations still slow, two
lenders have stepped up their efforts in two states where they have successfully
closed loans.

Norwest Mortgage said last week that it has closed mortgage loans on all nine
reservations in South Dakota. First Americans Mortgage Corp., a subsidiary of
AmeriResource Technologies Inc., Overland Park, Kan., said it will offer A-minus
loan products to Native American home buyers in Oklahoma.

Borrowers living on trust lands have a hard time obtaining traditional financing
in part because federal approval is required. Lenders are reluctant to
underwrite loans when the title on the land cannot be transferred.

Norwest's program focuses on trust lands in South Dakota, while First Americans'
program is designed for fee simple land, where the title of the land is held by
the homeowner.

Des Moines-based Norwest has been making loans on Native American reservations
in South Dakota under a Department of Housing and Urban Development loan
guarantee program since 1997. That year Norwest and the Bureau of Indian Affairs
established a program to streamline the loan approval process and increase
homeownership of American Indians living on trust lands in Nebraska, North
Dakota, and South Dakota.

Norwest closed the first mortgage loan on South Dakota tribal trust lands in
early 1997. Since then it has closed 45 loans on reservations in the state. The
largest concentration -- 14 -- was on the Rosebud reservation. Eight loans were
on the Pine Ridge reservation, as part of the one-stop mortgage center
initiative that President Clinton put into motion last year with the departments
of Treasury and Housing to spur lending on reservations.

First Americans' initiative expands a partnership it has with PMI Mortgage
Insurance Co. and Freddie Mac for making A loans on single-family properties in
Oklahoma on fee simple land. The partnership is a risk-sharing agreement with
four tribes that put up some capital in exchange for PMI's insuring the loans
and Freddie Mac's purchasing them. Borrowers are offered a 3% down payment
mortgage; they must contribute 1% toward the down payment and tribes contribute
the remaining 2%.

In the new A-minus program, PMI will underwrite and insure the loans, and Staten
Island Savings Bank, in that borough of New York, will keep them in portfolio.
The loans will be offered to tribes already involved in the A program in
Oklahoma: the Cherokee Nation, the Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation, and
Citizens Potawatomi Nation, a spokesman for First Americans said.

The A-minus initiative will offer borrowers an 8% or 8.25% adjustable-rate
mortgage that will be fixed for three years and become adjustable in the fourth,
he added. This will provide an alternative to having "a high-digit, 10%, 11%, or
12% rate," the spokesman said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 494 words

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday

Navajo Nation squanders $3.5 million in loan busts

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 451 words


Can you hear it?

That giant rushing water sound.

It's millions of dollars in Navajo Nation loans, $3.5 million to be exact,
getting sucked down the drain with nothing to show for it except those
ever-popular groundbreaking ceremonies.

Native American Bank in Denver and JP Morgan Chase have called loans after two
Navajo businesses failed to make payments, and both banks have indicated they
are ready to collect, said LoRenzo Bates, who sits on the Navajo Tribal
Council's Budget and Finance Committee.

The companies, Biochemical Decontamination Systems Manufacturing Inc. and Diné
Poultry Products, both are in danger of defaulting on their loans. The combined
loss will consume more than half of the Navajo Dam Escrow Account, which is
valued at about $6 million.

"The loans have already been called," Bates said.

BCDS folded last year after the Navajo Nation ousted its chief executive
officer, Hak Ghun.

A Daily Times investigation into Ghun's background revealed that he had a
history of fraud prior to the BCDS project. Nevertheless, he and his proposal
were approved by the tribe, which backed the loan with tribal money.

Ghun then used $3 million in BCDS money to pay personal expenses, including more
than $500,000 at casinos, $13,000 on golf, $28,000 on vehicles, $165 in checks
made out to relatives and nearly $1.5 million in cash withdrawals, a Navajo
audit found.

The Nation invested $300,000 in the company in 2003 from the Business and
Industrial Development Fund.

In July 2006, the Nation approved using the Navajo Dam Escrow Fund, an account
established through previous legal settlements between the Nation and the city
of Farmington, to back a $2.2 million JP Morgan Chase loan to finance a
100,000-square-foot expansion of BCDS. Navajo President Joe Shirley Jr. signed
an agreement with the bank in September 2006.

The Nation will not bail out Diné Poultry Products, Bates said. Native American
Bank called its $1.2 million loan to the egg farm two weeks ago, stating the
company was nearly two months delinquent on a $16,000 payment.

Wilson Ray, president of project's board of directors, refused to comment on the
farm.

"I'd rather not talk until all this negative (publicity) is over," he said.

Apparently, we'll never hear from Ray since there has been nothing but negative
publicity since the fake groundbreaking ceremony in 2005 when officials knew
there was no funding for the project but went ahead with the groundbreaking
anyway.

The people of the Navajo Nations have every right to call for an investigation
into why the funds and these projects continue to fail.

No organization can afford that kind of loss in these tough economic times.

It is wasted money, money that the Navajo people need.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Office of Tribal Relations, Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching Pages 56577 - 56577 [FR DOC # 2016-19929]

LENGTH: 846  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Office of Tribal Relations, Council for Native
American Farming and Ranching AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of public meeting.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the fourth meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and
will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA
programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting
will be open to the public. DATES: The teleconference meeting will be held on
September 1, 2016. The meeting will be open to the public with time set aside
for public comment at approximately 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. The OTR will make the
agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. ADDRESSES: The meeting will be conducted using
teleconference technology. This meeting will not be convened in person.
Participants interested in joining this meeting may dial 1-877-369-5243 or
1-617- 668-3633. Any modification to this number will be accessible online at
www.usda.gov/tribalrelations. Written Comments: Written comments may be
submitted to: Josiah Griffin, Acting Designated Federal Officer, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202)
720-1058; or by email: Josiah.Griffin@osec.usda.gov FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Questions should be directed to the CNAFR Contact Person: Josiah
Griffin, Acting Designated Federal Officer, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten
Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email:
Josiah.Griffin@osec.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), as amended (5 U.S.C.
App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native American farmers and
ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee established under the
authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance of the Keepseagle v.
Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final approval by the District
Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011. The CNAFR will operate
under the provisions of the FACA and report to the Secretary of Agriculture. The
purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues
related to the participation of Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA
loan and grant programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any changes
to USDA regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate
barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and ranchers; (3)
to examine methods of maximizing the number of new farming and ranching
opportunities created by USDA loan and grant programs through enhanced extension
and financial literacy services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging
intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate
issues on the delivery of USDA programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of
creating new farming or ranching opportunities for Native American producers;
and (6) to address other related issues as deemed appropriate. Interested
persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda
topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted to the contact
person on or before August 29, 2016. Oral presentations from the public will be
heard approximately 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on September 1, 2016. Those
individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the
contact person and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue
they wish to present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by
August 29, 2016. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5)
minutes depending on the number of participants. The OTR will also make the
agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
contact Josiah Griffin, at least 5 business days in advance of the meeting.
Leslie Wheelock, Director, Office of Tribal Relations. [FR Doc. 2016-19929 Filed
8-19-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 9, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Tribal Communications

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 169 words



To the Editor:

Re "Tribes Seeking Phone Systems as Step to Web" (front page, Oct. 2):

The achievements of the Mescalero Apaches are but one example of what the
partnership between federal agencies and tribal organizations is accomplishing.

The United States Agriculture Department's Rural Utilities Service has provided
$11.5 million in telecommunications loans to the Mescalero Apaches. Since 1993,
it has awarded more than $7.2 million for distance learning and distance health
care in Native American areas and has approved loans to telecommunications
companies and cooperatives serving 27,000 Native American and Alaskan native
villages. In 1999, $64 million was slotted to improve telecommunications in
Native American communities.

The partnership between our federal government and tribes helps us conquer the
digital divide, and makes us truly "one nation, indivisible."

CHRISTOPHER A. MCLEAN
Administrator, Rural Utilities
Service, Dept. of Agriculture
Washington, Oct. 3, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Tribe Arranges Financing to Buy Company

                            August 13, 1985, Tuesday

By LISABETH WEINERBy LISABETH WEINER

DATELINE: CHICAGOCHICAGO


A three-part financing deal will enable the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake
Superior Chippewa Indians to purchase a company.

The deal was arranged by Thomas Tureen of Tribal Assets Management, a fledgling
investment banking firm located in Maine. Mr. Tureen and his partner have
developed something of a specialty in arranging financial deals for Indian
tribes.

In this case, the Lac du Flambeau Band purchased Simpson Electric Co., which had
been a subsidiary of Katy Industries Inc., for $23.7 million.  Simpson
manufactures electric instruments that measure and test electric circuits. It
has plants in Wisconsin and Illinois.

The senior debt in the deal calls for the Lac du Flambeau Band to issue $10
million in 30-year tribal bonds. But the bonds will be converted to a short-term
instrument. This means the underwriter, E.F. Hutton & Co., has issued a pledge
to repurchase the bonds on seven-day notice.  Mr. Tureen explained the bonds are
traded in the market as seven-day bonds at under 5% and the all-in cost to the
tribe is below 7%. The bonds are also backed by a seven-year standby letter of
credit issued by the Chicago branch of Barclays Bank. Mr. Tureen described it as
priced competitively.

The second part of the deal is $6.5 million term loan with UBAF Arab American
Bank. This loan is guaranteed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Mr.  Tureen
declined to give specifics on the loan except to say it is competitively priced
and carries favorable terms.

The third part of the deal is $7.2 million on 10% tax-exempt notes issued by
Katy Industries, the seller.

Mr. Tureen said this is the second deal he has arranged in which an Indian tribe
has purchased a company. The deals are complicated. For instance, the one
involving Simpson Electric took about nine months to put together. The fact that
it involves an Indian tribe means that a different set of laws comes into play,
and that requires the sort of expertise that Tribal Assets Management offers, he
explained.

Even though this sort of venture is still very new for Indians, Mr. Tureen said
word about what Tribal Assets is doing is getting circulated. He is hearing
about companies that are up for sale and a number of banks are starting to show
interest in lending to Indian tribal projects.

SECTION: COMMERCIAL LENDING; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 380 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Contra Costa Sun (California)

                    November 1, 2000 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

HELP IS AVAILABLE FOR HOME LOAN BORROWERS WHO DO THEIR HOMEWORK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1540 words


Inman News Features

Are you shopping for a mortgage? A smart first step is to do your homework, and
here's a place to start.

The "Consumer's Guide to Mortgage Finance," published by the Real Estate Center
at Texas A&M University, explains the loan application process and how mortgage
loans work.

The 20-page booklet, written by Dr. Jack C. Harris, a research economist at the
center, explains what happens when you apply for a mortgage loan, origination
and underwriting.

Mortgage application, approval, commitment and loan servicing are covered. Where
you should go to get a mortgage loan and what to look for in a mortgage lender
are other areas explained. There's also a section on finding mortgages on the
Internet.

Harris explains how to monitor your mortgage loan and escrow accounts,
refinancing, adjustable rate mortgages, tailoring the loan to fit your needs and
default and foreclosure.

To order by credit card, call 800-244-2144 and ask for report 1420. Or send a
check for $5 to the Real Estate Center, Texas A&M University, 2115 TAMU, College
Station, TX 77843-2115.

HUD help on Indian lands

Native Americans who dream about owning their own homes just received a hand
from the federal government.

Recent changes in federal lending policies will improve Native Americans'
ability to borrow money, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Secretary Andrew Cuomo and Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers announced today.

Both departments lead an effort to improve mortgage lending on Indian lands by
creating a task force of 140 tribal, federal, state and local partners. The task
force recently launched one-stop mortgage centers at the Navajo Nation in
Arizona and the Oglala Sioux Reservation in South Dakota.

They also developed a standard lease that will be accepted by all federal
agencies and private lenders and created procedures governing liens, evictions
and foreclosures in federally-sponsored loan programs. The group also revised
the Federal Housing Administration's handbook regarding appraisals of tribal
lands.

More than 200 members of the Oglala Sioux tribe have participated in credit
counseling and another 82 have been pre-qualified for loans through HUD's
Section 184 Indian Loan Guarantee Program, HUD said. About 775 loans have been
guaranteed under the program since it was launched in 1994.

Homeownership on Native American land is far less than the national average.
About 67 percent of Americans own their own homes, while the rate for Native
Americans is 33 percent, according to HUD.

SF 'most wired" city

It's official : San Francisco is America's most wired city, according to a new
report by Nielsen/NetRatings.

Sixty-six percent of residents in the city had Internet access from home, the
Web measurement firm found.

San Francisco was followed by Seattle, San Diego, Portland, Washington D.C. and
Boston, Denver, Kansas City, Orlando and Baltimore.

Twenty-one of the top 35 Internet markets had more than 50 percent of their
residents hooked up to the Web as well, up from only six markets just seven
months ago, the firm found.

"Low-cost computers and other plug and play Internet appliances have contributed
to the significant rise in home Internet access for wired cities across the
country," Allen Weiner, NetRatings vice president of analytical services, said
in a statement.

Cities on the east coast also appeared to be closing a gap in Internet usage
with the more wired West, the firm found.

Nielsen/NetRatings collects real time data from more than 65,000 panel members
in the United States.

Quality service ranks first

What do buyers of new homes expect from their purchases? Well, a quality job,
obviously.

But they also expect quality service after their purchase is made, according to
the latest customer satisfaction survey of new homebuyers by J.D. Power and
Associates.

Paula Sonkin, director of the firm's new homebuilder division, said that
builders who focus on workmanship problems quickly and provide "responsive"
customer service will increase their buyers' satisfaction, and thereby sales.

"Not surprisingly, new homeowners don't want to take time out of their busy
schedules again and again for the same problems," Sonkin said. "They have to
live with these problems every day, and this clearly impacts their degree of
satisfaction."

The fewer times a builder is called on to fix something, the higher the
customer's satisfaction, Sonkin said.

Other factors important to consumers were a good sales staff, home designs, a
design center provided by the builder, recreational facilities and that
ever-important real estate consideration : location.

J.D. Power and Associates expanded their new home buyer survey to six major U.S.
markets this year: Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, Las Vegas, Phoenix and
Washington, D.C.

The top three builders, in order, for each market were: Chicago: Pulte Home
Corporation, Lakewood Homes and Del Webb Corporation. Dallas/Fort Worth: David
Weekley Homes, Huntington Homes and Darling Homes. Houston: Morrison Homes,
David Weekley Homes and Trendmaker Homes (tied for second). Las Vegas: Pulte
Home Corporation, Coventry Homes and Del Webb Corporation (tied for second).
Phoenix: Blandford Homes, Del Webb Corporation and Shea Homes. Washington DC: NV
Homes and Ryan Homes, both units of NVR, Inc., finished first and second,
followed by Miller & Smith.

The 2000 New-Home Builder Customer Satisfaction Study is based on responses from
about 25,500 new homebuyers. To be included in study, builders must have sold
250 homes or more in each market during 1999.

J.D. Power and Associates is a global marketing firm based in Agoura Hills.

A welcoming site

It's a fact. Gay couples and individuals don't enjoy dealing with real estate
agents who don't understand their lifestyle, anymore than they like eating in a
restaurant where the servers snicker at them, or shopping in a store where the
clerks give them the old stare down.

"They want to do business without encountering any raised eyebrows," says John
DeLeo, an entrepreneurial real estate agent who founded Palm Desert-based
GayHomes.com, a Web site geared specifically to the gay homebuyer.

The site, which features resale properties, received 113,000 hits and 9,000 user
sessions in September, the first month it went live.

DeLeo, president and CEO of USA New Homes, the parent company of GayHomes, says
the Web site is the only one of its kind.

However, many gay-sensitive Realtors, like John Truitt Williams, have their own
Web pages. Truitt Williams, who serves the Denver and Phoenix markets, features
a flowing rainbow flag on his site. Oak Island, N.C.-based Gay-homes also serves
the gay/lesbian niche, referring them to gay-friendly realtors throughout the
U.S. The referral service is free to buyers and sellers.

In the past, gays have always relied on something DeLeo jokingly calls "gaydar"
to find a realtor who would accept their lifestyle.

"They look for buzz words in advertising like "lifestyle realtor" says DeLeo.

DeLeo is banking on the fact that gay people who are moving into a new city need
guidance. In some cities, like San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, and Palm
Springs, gays are well integrated throughout the city, but in cities like
Chicago, they tend to live in specific neighborhoods. GayHomes will help gays
and lesbians find a community that welcomes them, as well as a home, says DeLeo.

Gayhomes is a no-frills site that is just getting started. Its listings are
limited so far, but the site is easy to navigate. After answering a few
questions, such as the location and price range and number of bedrooms desired,
users get quick access to homes for sale. Currently, there are buttons for more
than 50 areas, including Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York,
though many are not active yet.

Suburbs growing faster

New government figures show big cities are still getting bigger but aren't
growing as fast as suburbia.

Nationwide, cities inside the nation's largest metropolitan areas jumped 4
percent in population between April 1990 and July 1999, according to the U.S.
Census Bureau. The regions outside of big cities saw populations grow 14.1
percent.

The fastest growing city in the country during the 90s was Las Vegas, which saw
a 62 percent growth spurt, according to Census figures.

Following Las Vegas were Laredo, Texas, with a 45 percent increase;
McAllen-Edinburg-Mission, Texas with a 39.5 percent jump; Boise, Idaho with a
37.9 percent increase; and Naples, Fla. with a 36.1 percent rise.

Rampant floods in 1997 reportedly contributed to an exodus from the Grand Forks,
N.D. The area saw the biggest population drop in the U.S. at minus 7.6 percent.

The New York metro area was still the largest in the nation with nearly 20.2
million people, a 3.2 percent increase since 1990, the Census found.

The Big Apple was followed in size by the Los Angeles metro area with 16
million; the Chicago metro area at 8.8 million; Washington D.C./Baltimore, Md.
at 7.3 million; and San Francisco (including Silicon Valley) at 6.8 million.

Full statistics from the Census Bureau can be found on the agency's Web site.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 16, 1998

GAO: Trust Ownership Opportunities Are Limited

SECTION: NEW MARKETS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 347 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The General Accounting Office has concluded that homeownership opportunities on
trust lands are limited, although it conceded that Fannie Mae's Native American
lending initiative "may have some potential" for promoting mortgage finance on
reservations.

GAO, responding to a request from Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, R., Colo.,
chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, was able to quantify some 200
home purchases on trust lands between 1992 and September 1997.

The agency found that private lenders had extended 91 non-government guaranteed
loans to Indians on trust lands between 1992 and 1996, and that these
"conventional" originations were the result of special programs bolstered by
previous relationships.

Most of these loans were on individual trust land, rather than tribal trust
land.

For reference, tribal lands taken all together in this country would be about
the size of Montana.  In total, 1.2 million Indians live on or adjacent to
tribal trust land.

The tally for Department of Housing and Urban Development-guaranteed mortgages
on trust lands was 128, GAO reported.

Total loans for HUD Indian mortgage guarantee programs from inception (in 1983
and 1995) through FY 1997 were 494, GAO counted: the 128 on trust lands, 276 on
private property, and 90 status unknown.

Despite low overall totals, last fiscal year seems to have seen by far the most
mortgage lending to Indians.  According to GAO, the HUD section 184 program
closed 155 loans, the FHA 248 did 18 mortgages, and the Veterans Affairs Native
Home Loans had a volume of 32, for a volume of 195 government guaranteed
mortgages.

In a related development, the government has proposed to shelve the FHA 248
program, started in 1983, in favor of the HUD 184, which has shown much better
results.

The GAO listed familiar barriers to homeownership on trust lands: that lenders
are concerned about foreclosure on tribal lands, are unfamiliar with the tribal
court systems which have jurisdiction, and don't understand the many different
levels of land status that exist in Indian Country.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 31, 2007 Wednesday

Mashantucket mortgage experiment brings homeownership to reservation land

BYLINE: Scott Ritter, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


Jan. 31--MASHANTUCKET, Conn. -- Jason and Tammy Shourds made home-buying history
Tuesday.

Under the gaze of tribal members and television cameras, the young Mashantucket
Pequot couple signed papers with Norwich-based Dime Bank to become the first
family in Indian Country to obtain a conventional mortgage secured by a home
built on a reservation.

"It's exciting to be able to build our own house," said Tammy Shourds, 36, who
put her name to a pile of documents in Tribal Council Chambers. She and her
husband, Jason, 31, plan to move into their new home on Fox Trail early this
spring with their three children.

The couple's 30-year mortgage was the fruit of a long effort by the tribe to
attract more members to the reservation by offering them the benefits of home
ownership. Tribal members for the first time will be able to accumulate equity,
gain tax benefits, and sell or bequeath their homes to other tribal members.

The novel approach has attracted mortgage lenders to the Indian housing market,
which banks have traditionally eschewed because tribal lands are held in trust
by the federal government. In the past, if a loan wasn't paid, the lender
couldn't foreclose on the property.

Now, Dime Bank is just one of several eager to participate. Wells Fargo & Co.,
Bank of America Corp., Citizens Financial Group and Sovereign Bancorp Inc. have
also expressed interest in making home loans on the reservation, said
Mashantucket Pequot tribal attorney Henry J. Sockbeson.

"This is significant because it now enables people to go to a private bank and
get a mortgage on their own, secured by the land," said Sockbeson, who crafted
the initiative with Karl-Erik Sternlof, a Brown Jacobson attorney who
specializes in real estate and Indian law. "You haven't had that before."

The initiative has caught the attention of Native American tribes across the
country, Sockbeson said. Fannie Mae, the Federal National Mortgage Association,
which finances one of every five home mortgages in the United States, is backing
the program.

Fannie Mae will buy the mortgages from the banks, and said the program will help
tribal members build wealth and will encourage investment on the reservation.

"It is the first of its kind in the nation," said Fannie Mae spokesman Jon
Searles. "It is tremendously significant that tribes are able to assign plots of
land to their tribal members for them to build and finance homes."

Sockbeson and Sternlof asked the U.S. Department of Interior in 2005 if tribes
had the authority to assign parcels of land to their members. When the
government said they did, the two lawyers set out to write tribal law that gave
members the right to use, develop and sell residential lots.

They also wrote a tribal foreclosure and eviction law, which allows banks to
foreclose on loans and sell the property through tribal court. Only the
Mashantucket tribe and its members are allowed to offer bids.

Dime Bank had no qualms about offering mortgages to Mashantucket Pequots wanting
to build homes on the reservation, said Chuck Treat, the bank's senior vice
president for residential lending. The bank has worked with the tribe since the
1970s, and "it's been a good relationship," Treat said.

Meantime, the Shourds are continuing work on their new house, part of the first
major housing project on the reservation in more than a decade. The basement is
done, and the work of framing has begun, said Tammy Shourds.

She said many of the new homes on Fox Trail will be owned by close family
members, "so our kids are excited about being able to play."

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070131-NL-RESERVATION-MORTGAGE-20070131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2007 The Day


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                  May 27, 2013

Members 'Saddened, Confused' As Dispute Leads To CU's Closure

BYLINE: Aaron Passman

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 11 Vol. 17 No. 21

LENGTH: 499  words


MT. PLEASANT, Mich.-Barely three years after being chartered, Chippewa Eagle FCU
is set to close its doors in a merger that two people say is the result of a
dispute with the Saginaw Chippewa Tribal Council.

The $2.2-million CU was chartered in 2010 to provide financial services for the
community of the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe.

"We have a large number of predatory lenders as far as the Native-American
community is concerned," said Board Secretary Gloria King. "When I say
predatory, I'm talking upwards of 25% interest for a used car loan-and new car
loans are right up there, too. That's not to say all of the car dealers in this
area do that, but enough of them do it that it was a real, real problem in our
native community."

King said the new CU had been fulfilling its charter by serving members,
including granting small personal loans regardless of credit scores, as well as
improving members' financial knowledge and savings habits.

But its own bottom line has not been improving. According to its most recent
Call Report, CEFCU has $970,000 in loans, concentrated primarily in used car
loans and unsecured lines of credit. The CU lost $343,000 last year, and was in
the red more than $100,000 just in Q1 of this year.

The balance sheet issues are challenging enough, especially for a small start-up
credit union. But King said there are other issues at play, including the
primary reason for the merger, a dispute between the CU and the tribal council
over whether monies initially used to help start the credit union were a grant
or a loan. "It was a grant, granted by the then-reigning tribal council," argued
King, explaining that the council's leadership has changed since the CU was
chartered. "The council...decided they wanted to turn it into a loan."

Recategorizing the funds as a loan skewed Chippewa Eagle's asset numbers and
depleted its capital, added King.

The Final Straw

After multiple meetings between the credit union's legal team and the council,
it was finally determined that the monies were a grant, said King. However "in
naming that grant they told us that they owned everything in the building," a
move that King and CEO Joni Freel say depleted the CU's capital. The final
straw, said King, was when the rent on the CU facility was doubled.

The CU agreed to be absorbed by $90-million Isabella Community CU, and NCUA
waived a member vote on the merger because of Chippewa Eagle's depleted capital
situation. Two employees will lose their jobs and two others are moving on to
ICCU. CEO Joni Freel has taken a position at another CU.

According to King, CEFCU members are angry and confused. "They call it 'our
credit union,'" she said. "I've had a number of calls and that's the question:
'What has happened to our credit union?' They truly have taken ownership of what
has been going on here, because they were treated so well and they've been able
to come in and be treated with respect, which was new to some of them. They just
are saddened by it, as we all are."

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Lumbee Tribal Council financial committee meeting ends abruptly after confusion
over housing loan ordinance

BYLINE: Amanda Dolasinski, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Sept. 26--PEMBROKE -- Administration for the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina
sidestepped the Tribal Council's approval to secure a $2 million loan for a
senior housing complex by relying on an ordinance approved by a different
council last year.

The council's finance committee met Thursday to discuss the loan for housing
project. The meeting, however, ended 10 minutes after the opening prayer without
a vote when council members began screaming at one another and slamming their
fists on the tables.

Larry Townsend, council parliamentarian, called to adjourn the meeting, citing a
2005 ordinance that he said detailed how contracts could not be discussed in a
public forum. The council voted 8-6 to adjourn the meeting.

No one from the tribe's administration attended the meeting Thursday night.
Janie McFarland, finance committee chairwoman, left before answering a
reporter's questions.

The $7 million project, called Pembroke Senior Village, is for 50 units to house
seniors on a 12-acre tract of land near Candy Park Road.

Before adjourning the meeting, McFarland said the council received an email that
said its approval for the loan wasn't required because the administration
already had it from a 2013 ordinance. She did not say from whom the email came.

The email said Tammy Maynor, director of governmental affairs for the tribe, was
informed by the bank that the council's new ordinance was not required. Native
American Bank N.A., based in Denver, was the lender, according to the ordinance.

In March 2013, the previous tribal council approved an ordinance titled
"Approval for Title VI Funds."

Title VI loans "assist Indian Housing Block Grant recipients who want to finance
... affordable housing ... but are unable to secure financing without the
assistance of a federal guarantee," according to the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development's website.

The ordinance was to leverage Title VI funds not to exceed $2 million to ensure
a tax credit awarded to construction of 25 duplexes for Lumbee elders.

That ordinance was passed by the council 9-8, with former Council Speaker
Pearlean Revels abstaining. Three council members were absent.

Last week, the administration submitted an ordinance to the council to approve a
$2 million loan to be used for the project.

The council questioned the administration on the loan and how it would be
repaid. Without receiving answers from the administration, the council voted to
table the discussion for the following week.

It is unclear what will happen to the new ordinance.

Staff writer Amanda Dolasinski can be reached at dolasinskia@fayobserver.com or
486-3528.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140926-FY-Lumbee-Tribal
-Council-financial-committee-meeting-ends-abruptly-after-confusion-over-housing-
loan-ordinance-0926-20140926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     High Plains Sentinel (Wright, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 17, 2011

BBHC lends Plains Indian objects for special exhibition in Brooklyn, New York

BYLINE: High Plains Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 731  words


Cody, WY-Thirteen objects from the Buffalo Bill Historical Center 's
extraordinary Plains Indian artifact collections have traveled to the East Coast
to help tell the story of the tipi, the center of Plains culture and social,
religious, and creative traditions from the early nineteenth century to the
present. The objects, on loan to the Brooklyn Museum in New York for their
special exhibition Tipi: Heritage of the Great Plains, include tipi storage
bags, a woman's saddle and stirrups, horn spoons, a cradle, a parfleche trunk,
and an intricately beaded vest.

The exhibition features three full-size tipis and more than 160 related objects
belonging to several tribes from the Northern, Central, and Southern Plains. The
thematic organization presents common links among the many diverse peoples of
the Great Plains and explores themes such as the role of women, who were the
owners and makers of the tipi. Other themes include the furnishings, clothing,
and accessories kept within; the traditional role of men as warriors whose
military exploits are depicted on tipi covers and liners; and the tipi as the
center of childhood and family life.

"The Plains Indian Museum collection is well-known among scholars and others
with interests in Native American art because of its artistic, cultural, and
historical significance," Curator Emma Hansen explains. "Loans such as the one
to the Brooklyn Museum provide the opportunity for the name of the Historical
Center to extend beyond Cody and often to major metropolitan areas in the United
States and Europe ."

Tipi: Heritage of the Great Plains opened to the public on February 18, 2011,
and remains on view through May 15. The exhibition was organized by a
collaborative team of Native and non-Native curators, scholars, and artists
under the direction of Nancy B. Rosoff, the Andrew W. Mellon Curator for Arts of
the Americas at the Brooklyn Museum; and Susan Kennedy Zeller, PhD, the museum's
Associate Curator for Native American Art.

Hansen, who wrote an essay titled "The Art of Tipi Living" for the exhibition
catalogue, explains, "For contemporary Plains Native people, tipis...serve as
powerful symbols of a unique and creative existence of tribal peoples on the
Great Plains...a time when buffalo, deer, and elk were abundant, and the people
had the freedom to move seasonally in search of game to hunt or native plants to
gather. As a functional and universal dwelling style on the Plains, the tipi has
a cultural significance among Plains tribes that is deeply rooted in diverse and
fundamental tribal values, histories, and assumptions." In preparation for the
exhibition, the Brooklyn Museum asked Hansen to spend a week at their facility
in 2007 to review their Plains Indian collection and assist in tribal
identification, dates, and other information.

Also in the exhibition are three series of photographs. The first is a set of
archival images taken by non-Native photographers between 1880 and 1945. In
contrast, the other two series are contemporary collections by Native
photographers Bently Spang and Ken Blackbird, a former photographer with the
Cody, Wyoming, newspaper, the Cody Enterprise. Blackbird's "Inside/Outside: Life
on the Great Plains, 1993 - 2009" finds Native American riders at the rodeo and
on the range having traded their historic dress for jeans and hooded
sweatshirts.

Tipi: Heritage of the Great Plains is sponsored by American Express. Generous
support was also provided by the National Endowment for the Humanities, the
National Endowment for the Arts, the Barbara and Richard Debs Exhibition Fund,
and the Bay and Paul Foundations. For more information about the exhibition,
visit the Brooklyn Museum 's Web site at www.brooklynmuseum.
org/exhibitions/tipi. To explore the Historical Center 's extraordinary Plains
Indian collection, go to www.bbhc.org/plainsindians and click on "Online
Collections."

Committed to connecting people with the Spirit of the American West, the Buffalo
Bill Historical Center weaves the varied threads of the western experience --
history and myth, art and Native culture, firearms technology and Yellowstone
natural history -- into the rich panorama that is the American West. The Center,
an Affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution, is now operating its spring
schedule, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. daily. For general info rma-tion, visit www.bbhc.org,
or call 307.587.4771.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPS

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 High Plains Sentinel


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Indian Tribes Teaming Up To Form Bank

                             July 18, 2000, Tuesday

BY KATIE KUEHNER-HEBERT

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO



Fifteen Native American tribes are joining forces to form a bank that would
serve tribal communities throughout the United States.

Tribal leaders say they expect to raise $30 million this summer and could open
Native American National Bank as early as this fall. It will make loans on
reservations and support Indian banks.

The Denver bank -- to be capitalized principally with revenues from Indian
casinos -- would be the first in the United States owned by a group of tribes,
according to John Beirise, president and chief executive officer of the bank and
its holding company, Native American National Bancorp.

"This is an opportunity to deploy the capital that gaming has created to create
a more diversified, more secure economic future for Native American tribes," Mr.
Beirise said.

Organizers of Native American National began raising capital in earnest a year
ago, Mr. Beirise said. The Mille Lacs Band of the Minnesota Chippewa, owner of
Woodlands National Bank in Onamia, Minn., has committed itself to invest in
Native American National, but Mr. Beirise would not disclose the names of other
investors.

Mr. Beirise was hired in December from Mercantile Bank in St. Louis to head the
organizing effort. Speaking last Thursday at a bank formation conference here
sponsored by the North American Native Bankers Association, Mr. Beirise said the
bank's primary function would be to supply much-needed capital to the 10 banks
owned by individual tribes on reservations.

"Our goal is to work with existing Indian banks to enhance (their) ability to
meet the needs of tribes and their members," he said.

The new bank might also encourage the formation of more banks on reservations.
One goal of the North American Native Bankers Association, a two-year-old group
of tribal-owned banks, is to spur the creation of 50 additional banks within
five years, according to J.D. Colbert, the group's president.

"When tribes are in control of the money, they are in a position to empower
their tribe and their tribal members so they can improve their quality of life,"
Mr. Colbert said.

About three years ago tribal leaders visited Washington seeking solutions to
chronic capital problems on reservations, Mr. Beirise said. The response from
Congress, according to Mr. Beirise: "You already have some capital from the
casinos. Put your money where your mouth is and take control of your own
destiny."

Mr. Colbert acknowledged that the tribes most likely to start up banks will be
those that have operated successful casinos. Of the 551 federally registered
tribes, 160 have compacts with states allowing them to operate casinos.

But tribes that do not operate casinos have other sources of capital, Mr.
Colbert said. For instance, a Treasury Department program allows qualified
minority-owned banks to obtain certain deposits of participating federal
agencies. In addition, he said, many nonprofit groups and foundations are
looking to deposit their operating funds in tribal-owned banks.

"Tribes will still have to show the bank regulators that there is a market in
the geographical area they want to serve," Mr. Colbert said.

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 541 words

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Beirise

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

N.D. Bankers Reaching Out too Make Loans on Reservations

                             May 11, 1995, Thursday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


In an effort to improve lending on Indian reservations, North Dakota bankers are
meeting with the state's five tribes.

About 20 bankers and 18 Native Americans recently discussed issues ranging from
lending to concerns about security interest in property on reservations.

"I believe we've opened up a dialogue that is going to be a great benefit," said
Al Nygard, Native American business development program coordinator for the
state's Department of Economic Development and Finance. "I do believe that we
will see increased lending sometime down the road."

The meeting was an important step, observers said.

"The big thing is communication," said John Misiewich, regional manager with the
division of compliance and consumer affairs at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Kansas City, one of several regulators who also met with bankers.

"If people talk together, they can resolve differences," he said. "North Dakota
has done a very, very good job in that area."

Efforts to improve lending in the state began in part after Mr. Nygard's office
examined economic development on reservations about a year ago. He found "there
is not a whole lot of investment on the reservations," he said.

Additionally, he said he knew of discriminatory banking practices against Native
Americans, such as requiring extra collateral.

Bankers, too, were concerned about reservation lending, particularly after the
Justice Department last year charged South Dakota's Blackpipe State Bank with
fair-lending violations.

They also see Native Americans as a source of new business.

"I think we've seen the tribes in our state becoming more progressive
economically," said Jerry Long, president of State Bank of Bottineau.

For instance, four tribes have casinos and the fifth is building one, he said.

To help bankers balance fair lending with safety and soundness, theNorth Dakota
Bankers Association's Native American Task Force organized the recent forum.
Participants concluded that a lack of understanding on both sides could be
resolved through education.

"We both agreed there has to be more trust both ways," said James D. Schlosser,
the trade group's executive vice president.

"You have to understand that they're nations, and you really have to respect
that," said Mr. Long, chairman of the task force. "You've got to understand each
tribe is different."

Bankers also are concerned that because tribes are governed by tribal law and
not state law, they are not subject to the Uniform Commercial Code or state
foreclosure procedures.

Banks want to know, "If there is a default, what relief will the institution
have?" Mr. Schlosser said.

Mr. Nygard said all but one of the tribes have equivalents to the UCC in their
own codes that bankers should learn more about.

Another meeting is planned for the next few months with tribal leaders.

Some North Dakota banks already lend significantly to Native Americans. Rolette
State Bank makes 47% of its loans to Native Americans, said task force member
Robert Eckerdt, executive vice president.

The bank has always had a good working relationship with the Turtle Mountain
band of the Chippewa tribe, he said.

The $21 million-asset bank, which received a rare "outstanding" rating on its
last Community Reinvestment Act exam, has had few problems with foreclosure, he
said.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 554 words

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Desperate for Housing, Indians Banking on Cash from Casinos

                            February 1, 1999, Monday

By JOSHUA BROCKMAN

DATELINE: ISLETA, N.M.


For many Native Americans, getting a home loan must sometimes seem as remote as
hitting the jackpot at the casino.

In fact, with government and traditional home loan programs struggling to get
off the ground, the cash-rich casinos run by many of the reservations are
beginning to take on a key role in meeting the population's housing needs.

"Gaming can be for some tribes an important part of an overall financial
strategy," said Christopher D. Boesen, executive director of the National
American Indian Housing Council.

In New Mexico, 11 tribes operate casinos, and their access to capital is
beginning to make them into quasi-banks. The capital they raise has helped
tribes invest in land, social initiatives, and housing.

The Isleta Gaming Palace and 27-hole Isleta Eagle golf course at this pueblo
outside Albuquerque is a case in point.

Inside the casino, NationsBank ATMs dish out cash to gamblers as a cacophony of
blips, bleeps, and electronic songs emanate from slot machines and virtual card
games with names like "Red, White, and Blue," and "Winning Touch."

Behind the glitz, the tribe is leveraging gaming funds "in a very imaginative
way," said Carlos D. Lopez, executive director for the Isleta Pueblo Housing
Authority.

Using $6.1 million of casino revenue, the tribe built a 52-unit subdivision. The
Housing Authority bought the homes from the tribe using Department of Housing
and Urban Development funds, and the homes are now leased to low-income
families.

Isleta's tribal council has said that it will invest up to $10 million in
housing with funds raised primarily from gaming, Mr. Lopez said.

The authority's immediate plans include 75 more homes in 1999 and 2000, using up
to $3 million of tribal money, in combination with up to $3 million in loans
from First Security Bank of New Mexico, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas,
and other financial institutions, Mr. Lopez said.

Other participants in the program include the New Mexico Mortgage Finance
Authority and the Department of Agriculture's Rural Housing Service. Charter
Bank and Fannie Mae will provide construction financing.

"Gaming has opened a lot of doors for tribes to be able to do long-term planning
for housing that will impact on people's lives," Mr. Lopez said. "Without the
funds, the banks would not have participated. It was the money that we leveraged
that really made them interested."

Gaming has provided tribes with a sense of financial security that was lacking
in their relationships with banks. With gaming, "we know we can get things
done," he said.

The early successes of the casinos stand in contrast to other, more traditional
efforts.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development, Veterans Affairs, and the
Agriculture Department's Rural Housing Service all are active on reservations.
But lenders and borrowers alike say they are frustrated by the bureaucracy their
programs sometimes entail.

The two most widely used loans in Indian country are HUS's FHA mortgage
insurance program and the HUD Indian loan guarantee program, or section 184
loan.

The FHA section 248 program insures loans for up to 100% of the unpaid principal
and interest. Loans are offered at fixed or adjustable rates for up to 30 years
and can be refinanced.

The HUD section 184 loan does not allow for refinances. The government
guarantees these loans for up to 100% of the unpaid principal and interest, and
makes loans available at fixed market rates with a maximum of 30 years.

To date, HUD has guaranteed 444 of its section 184 loans with principal balances
at the time of guarantee of $44.9 million. The vast majority, 333, were done on
fee-simple land. Only 100 of these loans were done on tribal trust land, 11 on
allotted land. The FHA insured seven loans in 1998 and 18 in 1997 on trust
lands.

"We're taking a hard look at the government programs," to see if the programs
meet the needs of Native Americans with a range of incomes living on different
types of land-status in Indian country," said Jacqueline L. Johnson, deputy
assistant secretary for the Office of Native American Programs at HUD.

Obtaining funding for homebuyer counseling programs and for the Bureau of Indian
Affairs to redo its title system are some of the bigger challenges the federal
government is taking on, she said.

The Bureau of Indian Affairs, part of the Department of the Interior, has a
backlog that would take more than 113 staff years to eliminate at a cost of more
than $8 million, according to a 1998 report by the General Accounting Office.
And the backlog is growing.

Government loan programs will ultimately stimulate a private market, Ms. Johnson
said, noting: "Eventually the conventional lending will follow. Banks will
become more comfortable."

But tribes are not counting on banks or the government to make much of a dent in
the housing shortage on reservations in the near future.

Acoma is one of 11 tribes in New Mexico that has not had any mortgage loans made
on its reservation.

But Raymond J. Concho, the executive director of the Pueblo of Acoma Housing
Authority, has reason to hope this will change for the pueblo's 4,500 tribal
members, some of whom live in Sky City-a cluster of close to 400 traditional
pueblos 367 feet above a valley floor atop a mesa.

At the entrance to the pueblo at the highway turnoff stands a tall sign
advertising Sky City Casino. The tribe's No. 1 source of revenue used to be
tourists who would buy pottery, fresh bread, and other Native American items
while visiting the traditional pueblo homes.

But the casino has overtaken the novelty trade, and it is beginning to make an
impact in the financial life of the community.

One positive is that "it has educated the tribe about managing money," Mr.
Boesen said. Gaming also provides some good jobs that can help to keep talented
members of the tribe working on the reservation, he added.

The tribe has not yet granted its approval for mortgage lending, because leaders
are considering the "implications of evictions and how it applies to the land
assignments," Mr. Concho said.

But the tribe's housing needs are vast: It must build 800 units in the next 20
years, he said.

The tribe was one of the first in New Mexico to operate a casino. It netted
about $24 million in 1998, based on the $3 million the tribe paid to the state
in fees for its casino, Mr. Concho said.

The casino revenue helped the tribe buy 100,000 acres at the south end of the
pueblo two years ago for $7 million. That tract was added to the 387,639 acres,
or 604 square miles, of the original reservation, said Derek Valdo, a housing
development specialist with the tribe's Housing Authority.

Like the Isleta, the Acoma tribe has acted as a developer. It used gaming
revenues recently to finish building 30 homes for the tribe's mutual help and
low- rent housing programs. Ultimately, the Pueblo of Acoma Housing Authority
bought the homes, using HUD funds, Mr. Valdo said.

And Mr. Concho, who has requested $1 million from the tribe's casino profits to
be used for affordable housing assistance, still dreams of building a second Sky
City - this time with home loans.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MORTGAGES

LENGTH: 1209 words

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Last of Three Parts, photo: Concho, charts: Merger Boom Redraws the
Map, Mortgage Programs for New Mexico Tribes

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

CFPB Denies Tribal Payday Lenders' Appeal to Stop Investigation

BYLINE: Rachel Witkowski

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 178 No. 150

LENGTH: 523  words


WASHINGTON - The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Thursday denied an
appeal made by several Native American tribal lenders who were seeking to block
a civil investigation into their online payday lending practices.

The CFPB published both the denial and the original appeal made by online
lenders, Great Plains Lending, MobiLoans and Plain Green, that offer
small-dollar loans to tribes. In denying the appeal, CFPB Director Richard
Cordray said tribal protections do not restrict the CFPB from investigating any
lender for potential violations of federal laws on areas such as marketing and
collection of small-dollar loan products. The CFPB said it would proceed with
its investigation and the civil investigation demand orders issued against each
lender on June 12.

The Consumer Financial Protection Act "broadly authorizes the bureau to issue a
CID to 'any person' the bureau has reason to believe may have information
relevant to a violation," said Cordray in the denial to the appeal. "And the
CFPA's provision governing the issuance of CID's has an even broader scope,
authorizing the Bureau to issue a CID to 'any person,' whether or not a provider
of financial products and services."

Five days after the CFPB issued its orders, the online lenders jointly filed an
appeal claiming they were formed and owned by Indian tribes chartered under
federal laws that protect them from investigations like the CFPB's. They also
claimed that the CFPB did not provide enough time to respond to the
investigation, which asked for information that was "vague, overly broad, and
unduly burdensome," the denial states.

But Cordray argued that the CFPB has full legal authority to proceed and it
believes these lenders are going off reservation to lend to non-tribal
borrowers.

"In particular, the bureau has reason to believe that the lenders are making
loans to non-Indians over the internet, and it seeks to investigate those
lending practices for compliance with Federal consumer financial law," Cordray
said.

Recent reports indicate that some tribal lenders charge interest rates well
above state usury laws because of their legal protections. But critics have also
raised concerns that non-tribal, small-dollar lenders like ThinkFinance and
ZestFinance are partnering with tribal lenders on certain products to get around
state laws.

Speaking about the three tribal lenders in the appeal who argued they needed
more time and the agency's broad requests were too burdensome, Cordray said that
is "baseless and must be rejected."

"The CIDs provide adequate notice of the purpose and scope of the Bureau's
investigation," Cordray said. The governing statute "does not require a detailed
narrative, and it is 'well settled that the boundaries of an [agency]
investigation may be drawn quite generally'."

However, Cordray said the cited lenders "are welcome to continue" discussing
issues about the scope and burden of interrogations or document requests by the
agency's enforcement team.

The agency concluded that it will proceed with the investigation and the lenders
must provide the requested information within 21 days from Thursday's decision.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Indian Tribes Teaming Up To Form Bank

                             July 18, 2000, Tuesday

BY KATIE KUEHNER-HEBERT

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO



Fifteen Native American tribes are joining forces to form a bank that would
serve tribal communities throughout the United States

Tribal leaders say they expect to raise $30 million this summer and could open
Native American National Bank as early as this fall It will make loans on
reservations and support Indian banks

The Denver bank -- to be capitalized principally with revenues from Indian
casinos -- would be the first in the United States owned by a group of tribes,
according to John Beirise, president and chief executive officer of the bank and
its holding company, Native American National Bancorp

"This is an opportunity to deploy the capital that gaming has created to create
a more diversified, more secure economic future for Native American tribes," Mr
Beirise said

Organizers of Native American National began raising capital in earnest a year
ago, Mr Beirise said The Mille Lacs Band of the Minnesota Chippewa, owner of
Woodlands National Bank in Onamia, Minn, has committed itself to invest in
Native American National, but Mr Beirise would not disclose the names of other
investors

Mr Beirise was hired in December from Mercantile Bank in St Louis to head the
organizing effort Speaking last Thursday at a bank formation conference here
sponsored by the North American Native Bankers Association, Mr Beirise said the
bank's primary function would be to supply much-needed capital to the 10 banks
owned by individual tribes on reservations

"Our goal is to work with existing Indian banks to enhance (their) ability to
meet the needs of tribes and their members," he said

The new bank might also encourage the formation of more banks on reservations
One goal of the North American Native Bankers Association, a two-year-old group
of tribal-owned banks, is to spur the creation of 50 additional banks within
five years, according to JD Colbert, the group's president

"When tribes are in control of the money, they are in a position to empower
their tribe and their tribal members so they can improve their quality of life,"
Mr Colbert said

About three years ago tribal leaders visited Washington seeking solutions to
chronic capital problems on reservations, Mr Beirise said The response from
Congress, according to Mr Beirise: "You already have some capital from the
casinos Put your money where your mouth is and take control of your own destiny"

Mr Colbert acknowledged that the tribes most likely to start up banks will be
those that have operated successful casinos Of the 551 federally registered
tribes, 160 have compacts with states allowing them to operate casinos

But tribes that do not operate casinos have other sources of capital, Mr Colbert
said For instance, a Treasury Department program allows qualified minority-owned
banks to obtain certain deposits of participating federal agencies In addition,
he said, many nonprofit groups and foundations are looking to deposit their
operating funds in tribal-owned banks

"Tribes will still have to show the bank regulators that there is a market in
the geographical area they want to serve," Mr Colbert said

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc All Rights Reserved
http://wwwamericanbankercom

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 533 words

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Beirise

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

Minnesota Indian Business Alliance lends a hand to Indian enterprises

BYLINE: Nancy Crotti

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961  words


Business owners often reach points in their business lives where they don't know
what to do next. Whether they are writing a business plan, looking for financing
or figuring out how to manage growth, they sometimes feel they are reinventing
the wheel.

It doesn't have to be that way, particularly for American Indian business owners
in Minnesota. They may tap into the Minnesota Indian Business Alliance (MNIBA),
which has 130 partners statewide, plus regional and national resources, to help
Indian businesses launch and grow.

When other lenders turned him down, Bob Rice, a Minneapolis resident who is
enrolled in the White Earth Chippewa Tribe, took his business plan for a coffee
shop to Courtney Aitken-Gifford, economic development director for the Minnesota
Chippewa Tribe and an MNIBA board member. Rice and his business partner, Geno
Gelhaye, had been talking about opening such a shop for 10 years when Rice lost
his job during the recession.

"They wouldn't touch us," Rice said of traditional lenders. "We were a small
business, high-risk. "

He was shocked when the tribe gave them a loan and agreed to manage another loan
that the partners had obtained from the city of Minneapolis. Rice and Gelhaye
opened the 42nd Avenue Station Coffee Shop and Deli in September 2009. On his
own, Rice opened a second shop, Pow Wow Grounds, at 1414 E. Franklin St. in
February and did not need a loan.

Aitken-Gifford suggested that MNIBA showcase Rice on its website, mniba.org, as
an Indian entrepreneur who promotes Native American products in his stores. She
also nominated its founder and volunteer co-chairwoman, Pamela Standing, for the
Minnesota Minority Small Business Champion of the Year award for her work with
MNIBA. The U.S. Small Business Administration announced Standing's selection on
March 14.

Standing, a Detroit Lakes resident enrolled in the Cherokee Nation, founded
MNIBA as a volunteer in 2008 after serving as executive director the Minnesota
American Indian Chamber of Commerce.

Her volunteer co-chairwoman, Madonna Peltier Yawakie, is president of Turtle
Island Communication, a Brooklyn Park telecommunications engineering company.

"I love the work that this organization does. I love the people who are
associated with it," said Peltier Yawakie, who is enrolled in the Turtle
Mountain Band of Chippewa. "They are all very hardworking, committed individuals
who are making a really good commitment to entrepreneurs and to business
development on Indian reservations. I'm proud of this organization. "

'Racism' plays a role

MNIBA is committed to helping American Indians throughout the state, whether
they live on or off a reservation. Minnesota has seven Anishinaabe (also known
as Chippewa or Ojibwe) reservations and four Dakota (Sioux) communities. The
Bois Forte Band of Chippewa, in far north-central Minnesota, has joined forces
with one of MNIBA's newer partners, Lutheran Social Services' (LSS) Financial
Counseling Service, to help tribal members who have had difficulty opening
businesses because of poor credit.

Gordy Adams Jr., business development coordinator for the Bois Forte Economic
Development Corp., explained that his tribal members were raised not to trust
banks. "My parents grew up that way," Adams said. "They grew up living payday to
payday, paying bills with cash. "

So when band members did want to borrow money, they had no credit or bad credit
and were turned down, Adams said. "There was racism playing a key role in that
as well," he said. "People looked down at Indian people as being poor. 'They
don't work, so why should we give them a loan if they don't work?'" he said of
lenders' reasoning. "We're still kind of battling those old stereotypes. "

More than a year ago, six Bois Forte entrepreneurs who could not obtain
financing began working with Adams and LSS to improve their credit ratings.
Three ultimately received loans while a fourth inherited money and no longer
needed one.

"We really focused on their credit score. We've got to get that thing up in
order for you to look what I call 'bankable,'" Adams said. "It's a dream of some
of these individuals to go into the business for themselves. "

Services for tribes

MNIBA is working to bring LSS' "train the trainer" workshops to reservations
across Minnesota to enable tribes to deliver financial education and credit
counseling services to their members. It's just one of many rotating business
services that Standing hopes to bring to tribal members throughout the state.

She is careful to say, however, that MNIBA is not placing itself ahead of
business-boosting entities that tribes already offer.

"We have such a deep respect for tribal sovereignty, we would never tell a tribe
what to do," Standing said. "We bring resources to tribes and options and
opportunities. They can look at it and see if it fits the needs of their
community and where they're at in their development. "

Standing sees the alliance as a clearinghouse and resource for Indian
businesses. "I do a lot of referrals and take a lot of questions from
entrepreneurs," she said. "I just start pushing them out into the network and I
follow up and make sure they got their answers. "

Those who know Standing say she is the consummate networker. "She's so warm and
wonderful when you first meet her," Aitken-Gifford said. "Her mind works to help
Indian business. No matter what she's doing, she's working to help tribal
business or businesses privately owned by Native Americans...

"I've enjoyed working with the alliance," Aitken-Gifford added. "It's connected
me to a lot of resources that I can give to my clients and bring back a lot of
information to the tribal leaders. Our meetings have great energy. We always
have new people coming in and they get excited about what we're trying to do. "

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

BYLINE: The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Dec. 07--WASHINGTON -- The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
recently announced $9.7 million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit
organizations, and educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran
farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

--A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.

--28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.

--Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Information in this report was provided by the USDA.

___ (c)2014 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141207-AI-USDA-dedicates-9.7M-to-diversify-agriculture-1207-20141207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2014 The Telegraph


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 11, 2007 Sunday

Indian Country needs good leaders

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 805 words


When a tribal government is run well, you can typically give credit to the
person in charge.

The same can be said when things go badly. You can trace disorder to poor
leadership and a lack of accountability.

Such has been the state of affairs among the Three Affiliated Tribes of North
Dakota, home of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara.

A newly elected tribal chairman is seeking a federal audit of the $105 million
debt amassed under the two terms of Tex Hall, the previous chairman.

Hall and I have a newspaper history. As a reporter, I wrote stories leading up
to his first election. After they were published, some of his relatives called
my editors and threatened to sue. It never happened.

Since then, I've also written several columns about Hall and his administration.

But I'm also a tribal citizen of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation, and I -
like many others - am concerned about our tribe's future.

"For all tribal members, the corruption and gross mismanagement reported is the
worst it has ever been in the history of the (Three Affiliated Tribes)," Ramona
Two Shields, executive director of an elders organization, wrote this month to
the New Town News.

"Present documentation indicates that in the past eight years, the Tex Hall
administration (and those in) other responsible positions" are to blame.

Tribal leaders set the tone for their administrations.

Past leaders have served our people well. They didn't need new trucks, cell
phones or massive travel budgets. Previous tribal leaders looked to the future
of the tribe.

Our past, as well as our future, have been tied to a $148 million trust fund -
Joint Tribal Advisory Committee economic recovery fund.

The tribe received the money as compensation from the federal government after
the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers flooded 150,000 acres of our land along the
Missouri River.

Fifty years later, our people are still recovering from the devastating loss of
our economic infrastructure and culturally significant sacred sites.

The JTAC fund represents the pain and heartbreak of the Mandan, Hidatsa and
Arikara people.

Hall started to use JTAC funds as soon as he took office. He was elected in fall
1998. The council authorized a $3.6 million withdrawal from the fund in 1998.

By the end of 2000, $25 million was withdrawn. Between 2000 and 2004, another
$41 million was withdrawn. Hall's term ended in 2006.

It's not clear where or how the money was spent, hence the pending audit.

When tribal leaders began depleting existing money, they looked for new sources.
Bank loans.

But in 2006, the only new line of credit extended to the tribe came from the
Native American Bank, where Hall serves as board chairman for the bank's holding
company, Native American Bancorporation Co.

Hall lost his bid for a third term in November - Martin Cross is the only chair
in the history of our tribes to serve three consecutive terms.

Marcus Wells Jr. defeated Hall by 233 votes, leaving the former chairman to
protest and file complaints with the National Indian Gaming Commission, tribal
election board and tribal court.

All three failed to find wrongdoing connected to Hall's loss.

Now Hall, former president of the National Congress of American Indians, is
turning to a regional tribal appeals court with hope of finding his way back to
a council seat.

He recently lamented to a Minot Daily News reporter that his election loss is
"burning a hole in my side."

The reality: Under Hall's leadership, a deep hole was burned in the side of the
tribes' financial future. Auditors have estimated it will take some 15 years to
clear the debt.

Today, more than 500 employees are on the tribal payroll. A number of
non-federal employees are set to be laid off on the reservation, where about
6,000 tribal citizens live.

"By the end of the day we'll have at least 40 letters that are going out," Hugh
Baker, a federal programs manager for the tribe, said Thursday. "It will be
close to 80 by the time we're done next week."

It's one thing to lay off employees, but what will the new council do to curb
its own spending?

In 2006, the seven-member tribal council agreed upon a $2.3 million budget to
meet its needs, including cell phones, salaries, cars, travel, fringe benefits,
donations and grants.

Instead, the price tag nearly doubled to $4.5 million by the end of the year.

And questionable spending continues.

The new council entered 2007 by approving a $120,000 loan to a tribal cattle
rancher. Financial statements show tribal members have a poor history of paying
back the tribe. For example, the tribe expected $100,000 in small loans to be
repaid in 2006, but only collected $11,000.

Will the new tribal chairman be able to define where Hall's administration ended
and his begins?

(Jodi Rave covers American Indian issues for Lee News Service. She can be
reached at 406-523-5299 or jodi.rave@lee.net.)

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 25, 1999 Saturday

LENGTH: 223 words


The Institute of Museum and Library Services announced nearly $1.5 million in
grants to enhance library services to Native Americans. IMLS received 44
applications and made 13 awards. Two Dakota libraries received grants: þ Spirit
Lake Nation, Fort Totten, $133,677. This two-year project will enhance library
services to the community by providing public Internet access and training
classes, increasing the electronic media collection of Native American
materials, connecting to the state library interlibrary-loan system and
digitizing the tribal archives. þ Lower Brule Sioux Tribe, S.D., $94,624. This
one-year project will increase staffing, provide staff training, purchase
computer and library equipment and expand the Native American collection. The
Native American program offers three types of support: basic, technical
assistance and enhancement support to established libraries serving Indian
tribal communities and Alaska Native villages. The basic grants of up to $4,500
and the technical grants of up to $2,000 are awarded to all eligible libraries
that apply. IMLS is an independent federal agency that fosters leadership,
innovation, and a lifetime of learning by supporting the nation's 8,000 museums
and 122,000 libraries. Created by the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996,
IMLS has an annual budget of $190 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Mohegan looks to take out expensive debt

BYLINE: by Lisa Allen

LENGTH: 878 words


The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority aims to continue its debt refinancing
process and replace its 11% unsecured notes with at least $286 million in new
securities.

The Native American tribal authority, which operates properties such as the
Uncasville, Conn.-based Mohegan Sun casino and the Pocono Downs gaming complex
in Pennsylvania, on April 22 launched a consent solicitation that would
authorize the issuance of at least $286 million in new debt, and a cash tender
offer for the company's $275.2 million in 11% notes due Sept. 15, 2018.

"The effort by Mohegan to take out these expensive notes is similar to what they
have been doing for quite some time now  -  and [doing] successfully," said Kim
Noland, an analyst at debt research firm Gimme Credit LLC.

Mohegan completed a creditor-friendly debt restructuring in 2012, and the
authority has been gradually taking out debt with near-term maturities and high
coupons over the last year.

The gaming authority has already successfully refinanced its bank debt and its
11.5% unsecured notes in November, attracting participation from 99.98% of those
bondholders  -  and now it is going after the 11% notes.

The last time the authority launched a new note offering, in August, investor
interest was robust enough that the deal was upsized by $75 million to $500
million of 9.75% unsecured notes due Sept. 1, 2021.

"For the last couple of years, they were able to avoid an actual debt
restructuring despite a decline in revenue and Ebitda, which is continuing,"
Noland said, adding that Mohegan's revenue has declined every year since the
recession.

Keith Foley, an analyst atMoody's Investors Service Inc., noted that more than
half of Mohegan's debt comes due by the end of 2018.

"Anything they can do to push back maturities and lower the cost of debt is a
good thing," he said. Foley expects more refinancing as those maturities
approach.

Noland explained that open credit markets and investors' faith in economic
improvement have helped Mohegan refinance successfully thus far, although she
still classes the credit as a "borderline-distressed" name.

Mohegan's 9.75% notes may trade above par in the range of 111 cents on the
dollar, but they yield in the 7% range at a time when "really healthy"
companies' bonds are yielding between 4.5% and 5%, she said.

Mohegan's debt-to-Ebitda ratio of about six times is another concerning metric.

Even more worrisome is the explosion of competition that Mohegan will face when
new casinos open in Massachusetts and New York, which will further erode its
revenues.

About 20% of Mohegan's customers come from Massachusetts and about 20% come from
New York, Noland said,

It is almost certain that Mohegan has lost out on a casino license in Western
Mass, but it is still competing for a license in Eastern Mass, where it faces a
serious competitor in Wynn Resorts Inc.

Securing a license in Massachusetts is very important for Mohegan, as that would
help it recapture some of the customers that it stands to lose otherwise.

"Mohegan is in the middle of this big Ouija board" due to uncertainty over the
Massachusetts license, Noland said.

Foley is also worried about the impact of increased competition on Mohegan's
finances. "Second to Atlantic City, Connecticut [gaming] has experienced the
biggest declines in revenues in recent years," he said.

Despite this, Mohegan has an advantage over other tribal casino players when it
comes to refinancing its debt, Noland said.

Native American tribes are sovereign entities, a status that prevents them from
offering assets on tribal land as security for creditors.

However, Mohegan has a portfolio of properties that are off of tribal land,
including Pocono Downs, a mall in Connecticut, and a hotel in Connecticut, which
stand as collateral for its first-lien debt.

"They are one of the best-managed tribal companies, and their collateral package
is superior to most [tribal gaming] collateral packages because they can
actually give you property," Noland said.

The bondholders' claims are all unsecured.

Mohegan is seeking consents from holders of its $500 million in 9.75% notes due
Sept. 1, 2021, to eliminate substantially all restrictive covenants and
eliminate or modify certain events of default.

Under the consent solicitation, noteholders who give their consent by a deadline
of April 30 at 5:00 p.m. will receive a payment of $5 per $1,000 in principal.

The tender offer stipulates that investors in the 11% notes who surrender their
notes before the early tender deadline of May 5 at 5:00 p.m. will receive a
payment of $1,006.50 per $1,000 principal.

Holders who miss that deadline but still tender their notes will receive only
$976.50 per $1,000 in principal.

The tender offer does not require a minimum noteholder participation threshold.

In addition to the 9.75% notes and 11% notes, Mohegan's debt structure includes
a bank credit facility consisting of a $100 million senior secured revolver due
July 15, 2018; a $125 million senior secured term loan due July 15, 2018; and a
$730 million senior secured term loan due Nov. 19, 2019. The company also has
$21.2 million in 7.125% senior subordinated unsecured notes due in Aug. 15, 2014
and 9.7 million in 6.875% subordinated unsecured notes due Feb. 15, 2015.

DEAL SIZE

$ 250-500 Million

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 3, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATIVE AMERICAN BACKS RESERVATION BUSINESSES

BYLINE: William Flannery; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS, Pg. 04

LENGTH: 799 words


Rebecca Adamson freely admits she is a free-market capitalist that everyone
hates.

"I upset both Rush Limbaugh and the most bleeding-heart liberals. Because I
believe that poor people have to be responsible for dealing with their actions
and they must become active in dealing with their (economic) fate," Adamson
said.

But unlike most capitalists, Adamson believes profit is not the only factor in
economic development. There must be primary human and cultural elements as well.

Adamson, a Cherokee, is founder and director of First Nations Development
Institute in Fredericksburg, Va. Her group takes only corporate and private
money, no federal funds.

The institute was founded in 1995. "We have given out $ 2.8 million and by the
end of March we will have given $ 3 million," Adamson said.

Adamson's foundation funds start-up businesses on rural Indian reservations,
where half of America's 2 million Native Americans live.

The need is clear.

"Today, the unemployment rate for Native Americans is 55 percent. Many of the
reservations or homelands have 85 to 90 percent unemployment," Adamson said last
week in a talk to the students and faculty at Washington University's School of
Social Work.

"Alcoholism is 500 times the national norm and we are now entering the second
generation of fetal alcohol syndrome babies," Adamson said. "Of the entire adult
Indian population, only 12 percent earns more than $ 7,000 a year."

Adamson's vision of capitalist development is more than the traditional Adam
Smith supply-and-demand capitalist structure, where bottom-line profits are the
only measure of success.

"This must be cultural community development," said Adamson, "It involves how to
strengthen the cultural community fabric; how to protect the family and the
extended family, and still provide a dignified livelihood within the community."

The primary issue is to maintain tribal values and traditions while having a
viable economy on the reservations, Adamson said.

Adamson's foundation makes both grants and loans. But she doesn't just hand out
money.

"We make very hard-headed financial decisions. We are looking at the social
aspects of creating entrepreneurship by poor people. . . . But we also do
straightforward cash flow assessments. The business has to be 'doable'."

For grants, First Nation will go from $ 1,000 to up to $ 150,000, with the
average being about $ 40,000, said Adamson.

"With the loans, we lend into community development funds. . . . We don't make
direct loans to individuals," she said.

The foundation has made about 70 grants and six loans.

"Our grants range everywhere from Alaska, to Hawaii, to California, Arizona, to
New Jersey, to New York," Adamson said.

The projects must be community based she said.

"We are funding a community health centers in Pine Ridge in South Dakota. Among
the Nez Perce tribe in Idaho we are funding a horse-breeding operation. . . . We
are funding a ginseng farm in Washington, a highly marketable herb," Adamson
said.

The foundation also is funding an Indian-owned computer and data processing
operation in California and a buffalo ranch on the Cheyenne reservation in South
Dakota.

"We are also funding the intra-tribal buffalo foundation for introducing the
buffalo to 43 different tribes though the country," Adamson said. "The buffalo
is a real spiritual aspect for Native Americans."

Adamson clearly admits that the rise of Indian reservation gambling operation
are both blessing and curse.

"There is social disruption. It's a double-edge sword. Gaming has shown the
brutal face of racism in this country," Adamson said. "There is a real backlash
against tribal gaming among (whites) where they don't realize that it is our
souvenir right."

"Many tribes do not have the financial experience to manage money, nor do they
have the necessary sophisticated planning," Adamson said. "These tribes are
really being hard-pressed with the sudden-wealth syndrome. There is abuse and
misuse in any community."

The other problem involves outside white companies promising get-rich-quick
plans, warns Adamson.

"What tribes need are a learning curve to go through this," Adamson said.

There have been some success stories on Indian gaming, the Oneida in Wisconsin
have managed the money well, Adamson said.

"The tribes who are more successful are those closer to major population
centers," Adamson said. "Of the 100 or so Indian gaming operations there are
only a handful who have made huge, huge profits."

Adamson said several of the southwest Indian tribes have been more successful in
moving the funds gained from gaming back into public works.

Adamson said the worst cases are those where the tribe jumps into gaming without
having a solid plan.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo Headshot - Rebecca Adamson, Cherokee capitalist

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 26, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

More Home Loans for Native Americans

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 872 words


It was good to see attention given to the housing problems on Native American
trust lands ["On Indian Reservations, Little Hope for Home Loans," news story,
Nov. 25]. However, the article focused on the difficulties in lending on Indian
reservations. From our perspective, as the nation's leading investor in mortgage
loans for Native Americans, we see much progress.

During the past few years, mortgage options available to Native Americans have
increased significantly. Lenders can originate conventional loans to Native
Americans for sale or securitization through Fannie Mae in addition to
government-guaranteed loans. The government programs have been modified to be
more attractive to tribes, borrowers and lenders.

In partnership with Fannie Mae, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Housing Services offers its no-down-payment, guaranteed-loan program on Indian
reservations. Fannie Mae also has worked with lenders in Indian country to
increase the use of two separate programs through which the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) insures loans on trust lands.

Another important change is a new grant program managed by HUD's Office of
Native American Programs that gives tribes greater flexibility in deciding how
best to meet their housing needs. This program encourages tribes to leverage
subsidy monies with private funds so that the amount of available funding is
greatly increased.

Legal issues also are no longer the barriers they once were. Model documents and
ordinances now establish the legal framework for lending while respecting issues
of importance to tribes, such as restricting ownership to tribal members.

Fannie Mae has worked with more than 3,000 lenders, tribal leaders and potential
home buyers to develop strategies to allow more loans to be made to Native
Americans. Since 1995 it has invested more than $ 57 million in mortgage
financing for homes for 540 families from 60 reservations in 16 states.

Clearly, much remains to be done to alleviate the housing crisis outlined in The
Post's report. But Fannie Mae is committed to efforts to ensure that Native
Americans have access to affordable housing loans and will continue to work with
partners to increase mortgage financing opportunities for Native Americans.

BARRY ZIGAS

Executive Director

National Housing Impact Division

Fannie Mae

Washington

The article on the difficulty Native Americans have in obtaining home loans
indicates a problem within our society; however, blaming rural banks for
problems that may be more closely linked to the Washington process is
disturbing.

Native Americans, like other rural inhabitants, generally have lower incomes
than are obtainable elsewhere. Additionally, homes in many rural areas cost
substantially more to build than in urban areas. A home in Nome, Alaska -- a
state that is home to 226 of the 550 tribes resident in the United States --
costs more than three times as much as a similar home in the Northwest.

The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) considers itself the guardian of all Native
Americans and does not want bankers to take advantage of Native Americans or
foreclose on their homes on trust land. Therefore, even though a Native American
may be approved by Fannie Mae for a mortgage, he or she must make an additional
application to the BIA for approval; the bureau asks questions about an
applicant's age, marital status, percentage of Indian blood, mental health, work
habits, use of alcohol and other degrading questions.

For instance, I listened to a BIA official say the agency wouldn't approve a
30-year mortgage to a 60-year-old Indian because it was unlikely he would live
to age 90. Under the Fair Credit Act, asking other citizens the same type of
questions would be a violation of law and serious penalties could be incurred.

The BIA has only two loan officers in Washington who handle the applications for
the whole country; I have heard of applications taking as much as a year to
process. If the BIA uses the Indian Law of 1876 as its guideline to inhibit
Native Americans from obtaining home ownership, perhaps Congress needs to change
the law or the BIA needs to change its policies to make it easier for Native
Americans to obtain homes.

Additionally, HUD, which insures many mortgages, needs to provide more latitude
in regulations concerning homes built in rural areas as to water requirements,
plumbing, sewage treatment, seismic standards, etc.

For instance, because much of interior Alaska has not been surveyed for seismic
and wind standards, HUD applies the most restrictive standard to the
construction of new homes; these standards may or may not be applicable to the
new homes, but they substantially increase their cost. Without the HUD
insurance, the secondary markets (that are available to urban Americans) will
not purchase the loans.

Those of us who work with Native American housing issues are eager to deal with
the problems. Some are impossible for us to change; however, Washington can
change the old laws to meet modern conditions.

JAN SIEBERTS

Anchorage, Alaska

The writer is in charge of commercial and multifamily housing lending for the
National Bank of Alaska.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2012 Washington & Lee University School of Law

                          Washington & Lee Law Review

                                  Spring, 2012

                          Washington & Lee Law Review

                           69 Wash & Lee L. Rev. 751

LENGTH: 22053 words

REGULATION IN THE FRINGE ECONOMY SYMPOSIUM: The Alliance Between Payday Lenders
and Tribes: Are Both Tribal Sovereignty and Consumer Protection at Risk?

NAME: Nathalie Martin * and Joshua Schwartz **

BIO:



   * Frederick M. Hart Chair in Consumer and Clinical Law. Written for Zeke, who
I will always love. Both authors thank Fred Hart, Sam Deloria, Christine Zuni
Cruz, John Lavelle, Kevin Washburn, Jean Ann Fox, and Marvin Ginn for their
comments on earlier drafts, and thanks the University of New Mexico School of
law for its financial support. Both authors thank Ryan Kluthe for his fine
research assistance and Bridget Mullins for her excellent editorial assistance.

** J.D. Candidate 2013, University of New Mexico School of Law. The author
additionally thanks Professor Martin and PRB.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Under this model, known among internet payday lenders as the "tribal
sovereignty" model, existing payday lenders team with Indian tribes in order to
gain the benefit of tribal sovereign immunity and avoid state usury laws, small
loan regulations, and payday loan laws.  ... It discusses payday loans and
tribal sovereignty generally, as well as tribal sovereign immunity, then
discusses what might be done to address this consumer protection issue.  ...
Kiowa's Progeny Nearly one-hundred years since the first passing mention of
tribal sovereign immunity, it is clear from Kiowa that any tribal enterprise not
subject to a specific waiver of immunity by Congress or the tribe is immune from
suit on the basis of tribal sovereign immunity.  ... In order to analyze whether
payday lending entities are in fact arms of the tribe, the Ameriloan court
instructed the lower court to consider two factors: (1) "whether the tribe and
the entities are closely linked in governing structure and characteristics" and
(2) "whether federal policies intended to promote Indian tribal autonomy are
furthered by extension of immunity to the business entity." ... The General
Powers of the CFPB Leaving aside the issue of whether Congress might act to
limit sovereign immunity, Congress already has spoken on the issue of regulating
payday loans in general.

TEXT:
 [*752]  I. Introduction

   Racecar driver Scott Tucker leads an opulent life, which includes enjoying an
$ 8 million vacation home in Colorado, to which he travels by a $ 13 million
Lear Jet.  n1 Much of Tucker's vast wealth  [*753]  has been amassed through
internet payday lending businesses, which he operates from his office in
Overland Park, Kansas.  n2 He evades state lending laws by partnering with
Indian tribes with tribal sovereign immunity, yet the contrast between his
lifestyle and the tribes with which he partners could hardly be more stark.  n3
These partnerships call into question who actually controls these loan
businesses and whether they represent a legitimate use of the sovereign immunity
tribes have worked so hard to protect.

   This Article discusses the most recent incarnation of payday lending
regulation-avoidance, which pits tribal sovereign immunity against meaningful
consumer protection laws. Under this model, known among internet payday lenders
as the "tribal sovereignty" model, existing payday lenders team with Indian
tribes in order to gain the benefit of tribal sovereign immunity and avoid state
usury laws, small loan regulations, and payday loan laws.  n4 This practice
could conceivably weaken both tribal sovereignty and consumer protection in one
fell swoop.

   For Indian tribes, sovereignty is a fundamentally important concept. Tribal
sovereignty is retained from prior to European contact, but is subject to the
power of Congress.  n5 Sovereignty is a tribe's power to self-govern and
functions as a barrier to the encroachment of foreign authority on Indian
reservations.  n6 Sovereign immunity is a corollary of tribal sovereignty, and
protects tribes from enforcement of state law.  n7

   Consumer protection is also a matter of deep significance to many Americans,
particularly in this historic time of deregulated interest rates, complex
consumer credit products, and record debt levels. One context in which consumer
regulation has been difficult  [*754]  to achieve is that of payday loans,
high-interest products marketed for short-term use, but more typically used for
very long periods of time, during which consumers often pay ten times what they
borrowed and have difficulty exiting the loans. Payday lenders are adept at
avoiding any regulations states pass, and there is no federal law regulating
most of the terms of payday loans. Thus, in the rare instances in which states
pass meaningful payday loan regulations, lenders quickly find new ways to avoid
those state laws.

   This Article explores how tribal sovereign immunity is being used in the
context of payday lending to avoid state law and explores the ramifications of
this for both consumer-protection regulation and tribes. It discusses payday
loans and tribal sovereignty generally, as well as tribal sovereign immunity,
then discusses what might be done to address this consumer protection issue.
More specifically, we discuss who in society has the power and resolve to
dissolve this alliance, identifying tribes themselves, the Supreme Court,
Congress, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau as possibilities.

   We summarize the debate about whether payday lending regulation will cause
more harm than good by depriving the poor of much-needed capital,  n8 and
recount examples of state regulatory efforts that have taken place. We describe
the ways that lenders are teaming with tribes to avoid that regulation, and then
discuss the long-term implications of these developments, both for consumer
protection and for tribal sovereignty.

II. Background on the Economics of Tribal Life

   Some journalists with a consumer protection bent have painted tribes as the
greedy beneficiaries of these high interest loans, conjuring up images of a
gloating tribal member getting rich off the non-tribal poor.  n9 In reality,
this is simply not true. First, Native  [*755]  people also use these loans. In
one recent case, a New Mexico woman borrowed $ 5,000 under a loan that required
she pay back $ 42,000.  n10 Second, in many of these lender-tribe partnerships,
tribal sovereignty is being used in ways that benefit only non-tribal
individuals. Thus, characterizations like those in the popular media are almost
completely false. These false characterizations could cause short-term and
long-term harm to tribes, by painting an inaccurate economic picture, and even
by threatening tribal independence and sovereignty itself.

   To understand the importance of sovereignty from a tribal perspective, one
must also understand the economics for most tribes. Poverty is more prevalent
among Native people than any other American demographic.  n11 Following efforts
by the federal government and Euro-American settlers to dislocate and remove the
Indian tribes from their territories,  n12 many tribes now reside in rural areas
with limited development of natural resources.  n13  [*756]  Unemployment tops
50% in many areas,  n14 and access to quality healthcare can be very limited.
n15 One significant bright light for tribes in recent history has been economic
development. Many people, both Native and non-Native, think this may ameliorate
poverty and the social problems that accompany it. Nevertheless, the stereotype
of a tribe getting rich off casinos and paying no taxes could hardly be further
from the truth.  n16 Contrary to the popular conception, most tribes are still
poorer than other U.S. communities, despite recent economic development.  n17

    [*757]  Moreover, joint enterprises sometimes provide asymmetrical economic
gains for non-Native businesses while significant collateral costs are borne by
tribal lands and members. The costs borne by the tribes can be of great
consequence relative to the rewards.  n18 For example, uranium mining has
resulted in far fewer economic benefits than anticipated, and has caused cancer
and black lung among Navajos who live and work near the mines.  n19 Uranium
mining is also ruinous to the surrounding land and groundwater.  n20 Some tribes
have been convinced to take nuclear waste for disposal on their lands, even
though the compensation received is significantly undermined by future health
and environmental ramifications, and by inherent risk.  n21 The tribal
competitive advantage in business often consists of providing an easier or less
[*758]  costly regulatory environment in matters regulated by states.  n22
Moreover, it goes without saying that tribes are as diverse as any group of
people in the country, and there is naturally no consensus among Native people
about what constitutes good or bad economic development.  n23 Off-reservation
business activity can also cause backlash from outsiders.  n24 It is from this
social, historical, and economic climate that the partnership between tribes and
payday lenders emerged.

III. Background on Payday Loans

A. Anatomy of a Payday Loan

   A payday loan is a loan designed to get a consumer through a short-term
cash-flow shortage.  n25 These loans were originally created in order to help
consumers make ends meet between now and payday, thus the descriptive name.  n26
In reality there are now many varieties of short-term loans of this kind, and
the loan terms vary markedly. In one common example, a consumer borrows money at
a rate of between $ 15 and $ 25 per $ 100 for a period of fourteen days or
fewer.  n27 In other words, if a consumer got paid four days ago but is already
out of cash, she can go borrow, for example, $ 400 between  [*759]  now and her
next payday (now ten days away). To get that $ 400 at the $ 15-per-$ 100 rate,
she will need to have a checking account and will write a check, or authorize an
automatic debit, for $ 460 post-dated to her next payday.  n28 When payday
comes, she can either let the check or debit clear, or she can go in and pay
another $ 60 to borrow the same $ 400 for the next two weeks. Interest rates for
these loans range from around 400% per annum to over 1,200%, and the industry is
largely unregulated in most of the country.  n29 Payday lending is one of the
fastest growing segments of the consumer credit industry.  n30 As Francis notes,
"[b]y 2005, there were more payday-loan stores in the United States than
McDonald's, Burger King, Sears, J.C. Penney, and Target stores combined."  n31

B. The Debate over Payday Lending Regulation

   An active debate rages about whether these loans do more harm than good.
Consumer groups claim these loans create a debt trap.  n32 Lender groups,
perhaps with some justification, point out that people of lesser means have no
place else to go when they really need cash.  n33 They claim that restricting
access to the only source of  [*760]  capital for people of lesser means will
only make people's problems worse.  n34

   Some of the most harmful aspects of this problem have nothing to do with
interest rates and everything to do with how the loans are marketed and used. We
personally might look favorably upon a loan product that allowed people who
could not otherwise get credit to borrow money for occasional, unexpected,
non-recurring expenses. Though some consumer groups disagree, we believe that
this could be a good and useful product even if it cost $ 25 for every $ 100
borrowed.  n35 In other words, the high relative cost of loans might not matter
so much if loans were truly short term, both in design and marketing, as well as
in actual use.

C. The Habits of Payday Lenders and Customers

   In reality, these loans are rarely short term or occasional. Empirical data
show that the loans are often used habitually.  n36  [*761]  According to one
source, the average loan is rolled over ten times, and some consumers pay on the
same loan for years at a time.  n37  [*762]  Moreover, the loans are most
frequently used to pay regular, recurring bills like rent and utilities, not
emergencies.  n38 This means that once a person has borrowed the money, if he or
she cannot pay it back with the fee, he or she now has another monthly or
bimonthly bill to pay.

   Perhaps not surprisingly, it is hard for a lender to make a profit from
occasional, non-recurring customers. Thus, lender marketing typically encourages
customers to use the loans for many non-emergency purposes. Advertisements
suggest that the loans are a perfect way to fund vacations,  n39 Christmas and
birthday presents, and even bachelor parties.  n40 In other words, while lenders
claim that they are here when tragedy hits and that their customers would be
harmed if they faced an emergency, many of the loans are used for discretionary
purposes at a cost that customers do not understand until it is too late.

   Similar to any product, gimmicks abound in payday loan advertising. The idea
is to attract new customers but to rely heavily on repeat business.  n41 One
payday lender uses stripper Bridget the Midget as its mascot in order to
demonstrate that the loans are for  [*763]  "short" term use.  n42 Despite the
clever play on words, lenders dun customers to take out new loans almost
immediately after they pay back an old one.  n43 Lenders call customers in their
cars on their way home from paying off or paying down the loan.  n44 Lenders
waive one two-week fee if you keep your loan out for four two-week cycles in a
row.  n45 In fact, if a customer can afford to pay back the whole loan, without
resorting to rollovers, lenders offer to increase the amount enough to make sure
that this never happens again. In other words, lenders do whatever they legally
can to make sure the loans are neither infrequent nor short term.

   Whatever problems are created by storefront payday loans, the problems with
internet payday loans appear to be far worse. Interest rates are more commonly
in the 600%-1,000% range, rather than the 400%-600% range, and the loans are
largely unregulated.  n46 Some lenders who operate over the internet
consistently claim that they are not bound by any state's law.  n47 Customers
give large amounts of personal data to the lender over the internet before they
hear any of the loan terms.  n48 The lenders'  [*764]  procedures make it
extremely difficult to pay off the principal of the loans rather than just the
two-week fee.  n49 Recently, the Minnesota Attorney General's office sued five
payday lenders for automatically renewing loans and providing no meaningful
procedure for paying off loans in full.  n50

D. The Legal and Regulatory Framework of Payday Lending

   As set out in this Article, internet payday lenders have a weak history of
complying with state laws. A 2004 survey of online lenders demonstrates this
point.  n51 Payday lenders are subject to state laws that range from
draconian--payday lending is a RICO violation in Georgia--to permissive.  n52
The majority of states have laws that specifically authorize payday lending.
n53 In recent years, state regulators have brought enforcement actions against
online lenders that fail to comply with state laws, with the West Virginia
Attorney General's office being among the most active.  n54 A 2011 survey of
twenty internet payday lenders noted that a growing number of websites post
copies of their state licenses and claim to make loans only in states where they
are licensed.  n55 The most recent survey by the Consumer Federation of America
(CFA) notes that lenders continue to claim choice of law from lax jurisdictions,
to  [*765]  locate off-shore, or to claim tribal sovereign immunity to avoid
complying with state consumer protections.  n56

   There currently is no federal law regulating the specific terms of these
loans, although the Truth in Lending Act,  n57 the Electronic Fund Transfer Act,
n58 and other general federal laws apply to online lending. Moreover, many laws
passed by states have been quickly skirted by lenders, unless the law includes
an interest rate cap.  n59 For example, in 2007, New Mexico passed a law that
capped fees at $ 15 per $ 100 borrowed for a period of up to two weeks;  n60
required that lenders offer a free installment plan to any customer who could
not pay back a loan;  n61 prohibited all rollovers;  n62 limited loans to 25% of
a borrower's gross income;  n63 and provided for a right of rescission,  n64
among other limitations.  n65 This new law also provided that all loans must go
into a statewide database so these new provisions could be enforced.  n66
Similar laws have been passed in Florida, Oklahoma, Michigan, Illinois, North
Dakota, and Indiana,  [*766]  but lenders have quickly found ways to skirt the
laws.  n67 Because a last-minute definition added to the bill made the new law
apply only to loans of fourteen to thirty-five days in duration and those
involving a post-dated check, the industry quickly began selling a product that
fell outside the definition.  n68 In short, the new law accomplished very
little. The New Mexico law, like some others around the country, capped interest
rates at a generous 417%, yet payday lenders still found reason to invent new
products to skirt the law.  n69

   This is not to say that all states have been ineffective at regulating payday
loans, as the recent CFA study shows.  n70 State interest rate caps have been
very effective at eliminating payday loan abuses,  n71 but even this solution
may have met its match--tribal sovereign immunity. Lenders make no secret about
why they want to team up with Indian tribes, as this advertisement for an
internet payday loan explains:


     Due to the strict regulations that are hitting the payday loan
     industry hard, many lenders are now turning to Indian Tribes to help
     them out. The American Indian Tribes throughout the United States have
     been granted sovereign immunity which means that they are not held
     subject to the laws that payday loans are currently going up against.
     There are 12 states which have banned payday lending but as long as
     their (sic) is an Indian tribe who runs the operation on this
     sovereign land, the lenders can continue their business even where
     payday loans have already been banned. Similar to the Casino boom,
     payday loans are the new financial strategy that many are using as a
     loophole through the strict payday loan laws. The revenue is quite
     high and promising for these tribes who often find themselves
     struggling. There are approximately 35 online cash advance and payday
     loan companies that are owned by American Indian  [*767]  tribes.
     Consumers have taken out approximately 12,500 loans over the last year
     in which these tribes made approximately $ 420 million. It is no
     surprise that many lending companies are currently seeking out
     American Indian Tribes in an effort to save their businesses by
     escaping US lending laws. Tribal leaders are paid a few thousand
     dollars a month for allowing a payday lender to incorporate on tribal
     land. The more lenders that tribes allow to move onto their
     reservation, the larger the profit that they make.  n72


This quote also explains that under this version of the tribal affiliation
model, tribes get the crumbs while the non-tribal outsiders use their tribal
sovereignty to make huge profits. Moreover, as this advertisement makes clear,
lenders using the model described in the advertisement are by no means tribes
themselves. The next part of this Article analyzes whether these practices
entitle some payday lenders to tribal sovereign immunity, and if so, which ones.

IV. Background on Sovereignty and Sovereign Immunity

A. Sovereignty Versus Sovereign Immunity

   "There is nothing more important to Indian governments and Indian people than
sovereignty."  n73 Tribal sovereignty is embodied in hundreds of treaties
between Indian nations and the colonial powers,  n74 referenced in the U.S.
Constitution, recognized by a vast  [*768]  body of Supreme Court jurisprudence,
and affirmed by numerous laws.  n75 It is also referenced in the "Indians not
taxed" provision of the Constitution.  n76 The concept is so fundamental that it
runs through most legal scholarship on the subject of Indian law.  n77 Tribal
sovereignty predates both federal and state governments.  n78 Indian governments
have inherent sovereignty which is not derived from any other government but
rather from the people themselves.  n79

   Despite this clear recognition of tribal sovereignty, Congress and the
Supreme Court have been chipping away at this principle little by little, by
limiting the regulatory power of tribes and the jurisdiction of tribal courts.
n80 In so doing, Congress and the Supreme Court have systematically stripped
tribes of the power to control events taking place on their lands and taken away
affirmative governance powers.  n81 At the same time, the Supreme Court has
expanded tribal immunity, or protection from suit.  n82 According to one
scholar, this combination of removal of governance powers from tribes and
concurrent expansion of immunity could lead to a lack of government
accountability, increased uncertainty about the law, and increased animosity
toward tribes among the  [*769]  general population.  n83 Thus, while the
following discussion describes a broad expansion of tribal sovereign immunity,
this expansion takes place in the context of constriction of tribal sovereignty
in general.

B. Tribal Sovereign Immunity

   Generally speaking, the immunity of a sovereign to suit is a longstanding
corollary to the sovereignty of any governmental entity.  n84 Tribal sovereign
immunity derives from tribal sovereignty.  n85 Like state and federal sovereign
immunity, tribal immunity is an inherent power that prohibits state and private
suits against tribes, except in certain circumstances.  n86 Because tribes are
governments, it has long been understood that federally recognized Indian tribes
are subject to suit only when Congress authorizes the suit or the tribe has
waived its immunity.  n87 Tribal sovereign immunity was once thought to be
confined to governmental on-reservation activity and thus did not extend to
off-reservation conduct.  n88 However, after the Kiowa  n89 decision described
below, a federal common-law default rule of immunity for all tribal  [*770]
activity, on- or off-reservation, was articulated by the U.S. Supreme Court.
n90 By declining to draw a distinction between tribal activities on or off
reservation land, and choosing to defer to Congress, the Court held that tribal
sovereign immunity applies to virtually all tribally-owned enterprises, whatever
the industry and wherever located.  n91 Thus, states may attempt to regulate
off-reservation tribal activities, but sovereign immunity prevents states from
enforcing its substantive laws against tribes through the courts.  n92

C. The History of Indian Sovereign Immunity: Does It Rest on a "Slender Reed"?

   Tribal immunity rests on a far more slender reed than sovereignty itself.
Tribes have had sovereignty over their members, territory, and affairs from
"time immemorial."  n93 Congress has limited this sovereignty, however, by
placing tribes under the legislative authority of the United States.  n94 Tribal
sovereignty, then, is subject to the will of Congress, which exercises plenary
power over Indian affairs.  n95

D. Pre-Kiowa Case Law

   Although tribal sovereign immunity is now well established, the U.S. Supreme
Court claims that the doctrine developed "almost by  [*771]  accident."  n96 The
Court never mentioned the sovereign immunity of a tribe until the 1919 case of
Turner v. United States,  n97 in which it mentioned the doctrine in dicta.  n98
Turner arose when members of the Creek Tribe tore down a fence to Creek grazing
lands leased to Turner, and Turner sued the tribe for not preventing the
destruction.  n99 In Turner, the Court held that the obstacle to recovery was
"not the immunity of a sovereign to suit, but the lack of a substantive right."
n100 The case was decided not on the basis of the sovereign immunity of the
Creek Nation, but rather because the failure of a government or its officers to
keep the peace was not actionable.  n101 Justice Kennedy, writing almost eighty
years later, called the Turner tribal sovereignty language a "slender reed" for
supporting today's principle of tribal sovereign immunity.  n102

   The hint articulated in Turner became recognized law twenty-one years later
in United States v. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Co. (U.S. F. & G.).
n103 In U.S. F. & G., the Court ruled on a cross-claim filed for mining
royalties against two tribal nations.  n104 Citing Turner, the Court held that
tribes are "exempt from suit without Congressional authorization," that the
immunity of the tribes was inherently "theirs as sovereigns," and that immunity
for tribes rested on the same public policy as federal sovereign immunity.  n105
U.S. F. & G. stands for a generalized notion of tribal sovereign immunity,
retained since the pre-European era.

   Since Turner in 1940, the concept of tribal sovereign immunity has taken much
fuller form. In fact, since the Santa Clara Pueblo  n106 decision in 1978, it
has been clear that without an explicit  [*772]  Congressional waiver of tribal
sovereign immunity, a tribal government can choose not to follow even federal
law--at least where the plaintiff is an individual citizen rather than the
federal government itself.  n107 In Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, the Supreme
Court interpreted the Indian Civil Rights Act (ICRA), a federal statute that
extends portions of the Bill of Rights and the Fourteenth Amendment to tribal
people and lands.  n108 The Santa Clara Pueblo had a policy of excluding from
membership the children of females who married outside the tribe, but including
the children of males, which potentially violated ICRA.  n109 However, in the
absence of "unequivocally expressed" Congressional intent that a tribe is
subject to a suit in federal court, the Court found that sovereign immunity
barred a suit against the tribe under ICRA.  n110 Thus, although the law was
constructed by Congress to apply to tribes, sovereign immunity was held to be
sufficiently robust to prevent federal enforcement of IRCA, at least when the
suit was brought by an individual plaintiff.  n111

   In Oklahoma Tax Commission v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe of
Oklahoma,  n112 the Supreme Court held that sovereign immunity extends to
on-reservation commercial activity conducted by a tribe.  n113 In Potawatomi,
Oklahoma sought the collection of the state tax on cigarettes by the Potawatomi
tribal convenience store.  n114 Although the Court held that the state of
Oklahoma had the authority to tax cigarette sales to non-tribal members, it
could not sue the tribe to collect the revenue.  n115 The Court suggested
alternative remedies, including collecting the sales tax from wholesalers by
off-reservation seizure of cigarettes or  [*773]  assessing suppliers, by
agreement with the tribe, or through lobbying Congress.  n116 In a concurring
opinion, Justice Stevens noted that he was unsure that tribal sovereign immunity
would extend to the off-reservation commercial activity of a tribe.  n117 Five
years later, in Kiowa Tribe v. Manufacturing Technologies, Inc., the Court held
exactly that.

E. The Kiowa Holding

   In Kiowa Tribe v. Manufacturing Technologies, Inc., the Court held that
tribal sovereign immunity applies to off-reservation commercial activity
conducted by a tribe.  n118 In Kiowa, the tribe defaulted on a note executed
off-reservation to Manufacturing Technologies, who sued the tribe for the
balance owed.  n119 The Court agreed with Manufacturing Technologies' argument
that state laws can be applied to tribal activities outside of Indian country.
n120 But, citing Potawatomi, the Court countered that "[t]here is a difference
between the right to demand compliance with state laws and the means available
to enforce them."  n121 The Court refused to limit tribal sovereign immunity to
suits stemming from on-reservation transactions, noting that precedent did not
support a distinction based on reservation boundaries.  n122 Nor was the Court
willing to draw a distinction between commercial and governmental activities of
a tribe.  n123 Rather, the Court held that an "Indian tribe is subject to suit
only where Congress has expressly authorized the suit or the tribe has waived
immunity,"  n124 and that tribal sovereign immunity "is a matter of federal law
and is not subject to diminution by the States."  n125

    [*774]  The Court in Kiowa articulated a clear and robust doctrine of tribal
sovereign immunity but showed some reluctance to do so, stating that there were
reasons "to doubt the wisdom of perpetuating the doctrine."  n126 Given the
interdependent and mobile American society of the late twentieth century, and
the broad participation of tribes in the wider economy, noted the Court, tribal
sovereign immunity "can harm those who are unaware that they are dealing with a
tribe who do not know of tribal immunity or who have no choice in the matter, as
in the case of tort victims."  n127 The Court stated that the rationale for a
broad tribal immunity--the safeguarding of tribal self-governance and promotion
of economic development and self-sufficiency--could be "challenged as inapposite
to modern, wide-ranging tribal enterprises extending well beyond traditional
tribal customs and activities."  n128 Although tribal sovereign immunity was a
judicially created doctrine, and despite the Court's reservations about the
doctrine's reach, the Court in Kiowa candidly chose to defer to Congress.  n129
In so doing, the Court invited Congress to reconsider the wisdom of recognizing
sovereign immunity.  n130

F. Kiowa's Progeny

   Nearly one-hundred years since the first passing mention of tribal sovereign
immunity, it is clear from Kiowa that any tribal enterprise not subject to a
specific waiver of immunity by Congress or the tribe is immune from suit on the
basis of tribal sovereign immunity.  n131 Kiowa's progeny is extensive.  n132
One 2008 study of  [*775]  Kiowa's effects on reported decisions found
seventy-one opinions citing Kiowa as a primary reason to extend sovereign
immunity to a tribally-owned commercial entity.  n133 Forty-six of these were
casino-related cases, seventeen involved breach of contract claims filed by
companies that did business with a tribe, twenty-six involved employment-related
suits, and twenty-one were personal injury claims.  n134 Thirty-nine of the
seventy-one opinions were federal and twenty-one were state court opinions.
n135

V. Confused Courts: Is the Arm of the Tribe a Misplaced Appendage?

   Now that tribal sovereignty extends to commercial enterprises and
off-reservation conduct, the question becomes, What constitutes a tribal
enterprise? If anything remotely connected to a tribe will qualify, Congress may
well move to abrogate immunity in the face of a power that can be easily abused.
This seems particularly likely in cases where the entities gaining the financial
benefits from immunity are not tribes, but outside, non-tribal interests for
whom there may be no policy justification for immunity. Since Kiowa, the Supreme
Court has yet to address what constitutes a tribal enterprise directly, though
it did recognize in a footnote that a corporation can be an "arm of the tribe"
for sovereign immunity purposes.  n136 Using this passing phrase as a starting
point, courts now attempt to determine if a corporate entity is an arm of the
tribe through various multi-factor tests.  n137

    [*776]  A. Arm of the Tribe Outside Payday Lending

   Courts have articulated numerous variations on the test for whether a tribal
business enterprise is entitled to the tribe's immunity. Common factors used by
courts in the arm-of-the-tribe analysis include:


     (1) whether the enterprise performs a commercial (i.e., proprietary)
     or traditional governmental function; (2) whether it is for-profit or
     nonprofit and generates its own revenue; (3) the enterprise's
     financial relationship with the tribe, including where the
     enterprise's revenues go and how they are used; (4) whether a suit
     against the enterprise will jeopardize tribal assets; (5) whether the
     enterprise has insurance to protect the tribal fiscal resources; and
     (6) who controls the enterprise's activities.  n138

   Immunity clearly extends to tribally-owned health organizations, housing
authorities, museums, and casinos.  n139 As the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
noted in Allen v. Gold Casino, the casino's creation in that case was "dependent
upon government approval at numerous levels, in order for it to conduct gaming
activities permitted only under the auspices of the Tribe."  n140 However,
casinos are somewhat unique in the world of tribal economic development, as the
Indian Gaming Regulatory Act explicitly provides for the creation and operation
of Indian casinos, in order to promote "tribal economic development,
self-sufficiency, and strong tribal governments."  n141 While the U.S. Supreme
Court has set out the name of the relevant test, i.e., the arm-of-the-tribe
standard, it is still unclear what constitutes an arm of the tribe.

    [*777]  B. The Application of Kiowa to Payday Lending: "[W]e are in a Gray
Zone."  n142

   It is presumptively true from Kiowa's holding that an internet-based payday
lender that is formed, funded, and run by a tribe for the benefit of the tribe
is entitled to tribal sovereign immunity.  n143 If that scenario exists at all,
however, it is rare. Typically, a non-tribal payday lender makes an arrangement
with a tribe under which the tribe receives a percentage of the profits, or
simply a monthly fee, so that otherwise forbidden practices of the lender are
presumably shielded by tribal immunity.  n144 This is described in the payday
lending industry as the "sovereign model."  n145 Although there is little
sunlight on the true financial arrangements between the tribes and payday
lenders, under one such agreement, between one and two percent of the payday
profits of one "tribal" lender actually went to the tribes.  n146 By contrast,
the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act,  n147 which extensively regulates the Indian
gaming industry for the benefit of tribes, mandates that at least 60% of the
profits from each gaming enterprise go directly go to the tribe under normal
circumstances,  n148 with a maximum of 30% going to non-tribal consultants and
mangers.  n149

    [*778]  As the last section articulates, in the absence of guidance from
Congress or binding precedent,  n150 state and federal courts are developing
arm-of-the-tribe tests piecemeal.  n151 For example, a recent Tenth Circuit
Court of Appeals case also sets out a multi-factor test.  n152 This
inconsistency and lack of authority has led to expensive, inefficient
litigation. Although it is unclear whether and under what circumstances the
typical tribally-affiliated payday lender will meet these tests, tribes and
their affiliated lenders have yet to experience a significant setback at trial.
Below we examine three recent cases from state courts. As would be expected
after the Supreme Court's holding in Kiowa, policy arguments resting on the harm
done to a vulnerable population by tribally-affiliated payday lenders whose
practices violate state regulations have not succeeded in court. In Ameriloan v.
Superior Court,  n153 the court acknowledged but then rejected the California
Department of Corporations' equitable arguments against applying sovereign
immunity in the context of payday lending.  n154 There, the California Court of
Appeals held that sovereign immunity is not a discretionary doctrine.  n155 It
is independent of the equities of a given situation.  n156 Rather, this is a
"pure jurisdictional question."  n157

   The court stated, however, that it was within the realm of the imagination
that a tribal entity could engage in activities that were  [*779]  so distant
from tribal interests that the entity could no longer be legitimately seen as an
extension of the tribe and would therefore fail the arm-of-the-tribe test and
not be entitled to immunity.  n158 Tribally chartered corporations that are
"completely independent of the tribe," noted the court, are not covered by the
doctrine of sovereign immunity.  n159 Ameriloan also left open the possibility
that a distinction in sovereign immunity might be drawn between Indian gaming
entities and payday loan companies, on the basis that the Indian gaming industry
has been recognized by Congress as important to the welfare of Indian tribes,
while payday lending has not.  n160

   Rather than rule against the lender, the court in Ameriloan remanded the case
to the trial court for a determination of whether payday lending entities are
sufficiently related to the tribe to benefit from sovereign immunity.  n161 In
order to analyze whether payday lending entities are in fact arms of the tribe,
the Ameriloan court instructed the lower court to consider two factors: (1)
"whether the tribe and the entities are closely linked in governing structure
and characteristics" and (2) "whether federal policies intended to promote
Indian tribal autonomy are furthered by extension of immunity to the business
entity."  n162 The Ameriloan court authorized limited discovery, "directed
solely to matters affecting the trial court's subject matter jurisdiction,"
n163 meaning discovery tailored to the two broad factors mentioned above.

   Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans v. State,  n164 a Colorado Supreme
Court case, upheld the Colorado Court of Appeals decision that sovereign
immunity from suit shielded two tribally affiliated internet payday lenders when
they operated as arms of the tribe,  [*780]  but it significantly altered the
lower court's arm-of-the-tribe test.  n165 The lenders, affiliated with the
Miami Nation and the Santee Sioux Nation, were targeted by the Colorado Attorney
General for allegedly violating the state's payday lending laws.  n166 The Court
of Appeals reviewed five different arm-of-the-tribe tests from other
jurisdictions,  n167 focusing on an eleven-factor test culled from the dissent
of a Washington Supreme Court case.  n168 The Colorado Supreme Court, citing
Kiowa, rejected the eleven-factor test, stating that at least two of the factors
considered "the entity's purpose [and] would function as a state-imposed
limitation on tribal sovereign immunity, in contravention of [Kiowa]."  n169

   The Colorado Supreme Court replaced the eleven-part test with a three-factor
test that "focuses on the relationship between the tribal entities and the
tribes: . . . (1) whether the tribes created the entities pursuant to tribal
law; (2) whether the tribes own and operate the entities; and (3) whether the
entities' immunity protects the tribes' sovereignty."  n170 Contrary to the
Court of Appeals, which factored in the purpose of the entity, the Colorado
Supreme Court explicitly grounded its approach in the inherent nature of tribal
sovereignty.  n171 Cash Advance also clarified that the burden of proof rests
not with the tribe, but rather with the state, which must prove that sovereign
immunity does not apply.  n172

    [*781]  The Colorado Supreme Court remanded to the state trial court, which
held that the lending entities were, in fact, arms of the tribe and thus
entitled to sovereign immunity.  n173 The court noted that a tribal entity does
not lose its immunity simply by contracting with non-Indian operators of the
business.  n174 It found that the Congressional intent of promoting tribal
economic development was furthered by allowing Indian Nations the freedom "to
enter into commercial areas where they have no expertise, but can acquire the
necessary expertise through non-Indian operators."  n175

   The court held that the inquiry into tribal immunity is focused on the status
of the entities in the present.  n176 In other words, whether a particular
entity meets the arm-of-the-tribe test is answered with the facts as they are
when the court considers the matter, not when the complaint was filed or any
other time in the past.  n177

   The court found that the three factors of the arm-of-the-tribe test were met
with regard to the two tribal entities at issue. It found that the entities in
question, Miami Nations Enterprises, Inc. (MNE) and SFS, Inc. (SFS)  n178 were
formed pursuant to tribal law as evidenced by documents put before the court.
n179 The court further held that the businesses were owned and operated by the
tribes,  n180 and were thus in such relation to the tribe that granting immunity
would protect the sovereignty of the tribe.  n181

    [*782]  The court looked in detail at Colorado's assertion that the tribal
entities were shams.  n182 It accepted the following as proven: that the payday
loan businesses existed before the tribal entities took them over; that Scott
Tucker, an experienced outside payday lender, owned and operated those prior
businesses; that Tucker's loan entities formerly did business under the current
names of the entities; that the tribes were likely recruited in the mistaken
belief that the businesses could be shielded by the sovereign immunity of the
tribes; and that during the initial period of affiliation, Tucker was the true
owner of the business.  n183 Nevertheless, because both tribes replaced Tucker's
entities with wholly-owned tribal corporations in 2008, the tribes were found to
be the true owners at the time of the court's consideration, and thus immune.
n184

   In dicta, the court speculated that even if it were true that Tucker
"functionally" owned the business in the present, it is still "not at all
certain the tribal entities would thereby lose their immunity."  n185 It is the
tribal entity that is immune, "not their particular businesses, and . . . tribal
immunity does not depend in any fashion on the type of business a tribal entity
engages in, with whom, or for what ulterior purpose."  n186 However, the court
noted that it is only the tribal entities and their officers while acting within
the scope of tribal business that are immune from suit.  n187 Thus, Colorado
could subpoena Tucker and his non-tribal officers as well as non-tribal entities
to discover whether they were and still are the lenders.  n188 The court found
that the state could not subpoena  [*783]  the tribal entities. Colorado cannot
do that, said the court, "any more than it could subpoena France if it thought
Tucker was the real owner and operator of Air France."  n189

   Moreover, when the burden of proof rests on the party challenging the
immunity of a tribally-affiliated payday lender, the specific details of what
constitutes allowable discovery become extraordinarily important. In Specially
Appearing Defendant MTE Financial Services, Inc. v. Alameda County Superior
Court, briefed in June 2011, tribally-affiliated lender MTE challenged the scope
of discovery allowed by the trial court.  n190 MTE and payday loan borrowers
Baillie and Rosas (Baillie) agreed that discovery was appropriate on the issue
of subject matter jurisdiction  n191 but disagreed on what such discovery would
entail.  n192 More precisely, they disagreed about whether discovery should
allow Baillie to "follow the money trail."  n193 Baillie asserted that a
"thorough explanation" of all the entities involved in the operation of the
payday entities, and the relationships between these entities, is critical to
the arm-of-the-tribe inquiry.  n194 To Baillie, the fact that the tribe might
receive just 1% to 2% of the monies generated by the business implied that the
tribe was merely rented.  n195 If so, argued Baillie, the lending entity could
not possibly meet the arm-of-the-tribe test.  n196

   Conversely, the lenders argued that allowing Baillie to "follow the money"
would constitute unjustifiable intrusive discovery and  [*784]  would pry into
the internal affairs of the tribe.  n197 The tribe willingly provided MTE's
organizational documents and documents indicating that MTE is a chartered
corporation organized under the laws of the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma by Tribal
Resolution, wholly owned by the Modoc Tribe, to facilitate goals relating to the
economy, government, and sovereignty of the tribe.  n198 The articles of
incorporation expressly provide for MTE to share in the sovereign immunity of
the tribe.  n199

   The briefs in MTE illustrate the two poles of the arm-of-the-tribe debate as
it relates to tribally-affiliated lenders. Tribes will likely maintain that
whether an entity functions as an arm of the tribe is a foundational inquiry,
and not to be inferred from the functional arrangements, whatever they are. If
tribal sovereignty is inherent and not subject to diminution by the states, so
the argument goes, a state court lacks the power to hold that a tribal entity
formed according to tribal law, by tribal resolution, for the stated purposes of
tribal development, with clear intent on the part of the sovereign tribe to
convey its sovereign immunity to the entity, is not an arm of the tribe, simply
because the deal the tribe negotiated does not retain enough of the profits to
satisfy the court. On the other hand, it is common sense that if an entity
provides a miniscule percentage of its revenue to the tribe, and the tribe is
barely involved, the entity cannot be said to stand in the place of the tribe.
Moreover, if a tribe retains only a minimal percentage of the profits from the
enterprise, it would appear that the enterprise may not be truly "controlled" by
the tribe.

C. If Today's Lenders Are Not Tribes, What About Tomorrow's?

   We suspect that many of the current connections between tribes and internet
payday lenders are tenuous, and further, that tribes generally receive minimal
compensation relative to their non-tribal partners. It is unclear whether these
payday lending operations are managed by tribes in any substantial sense. In
some cases we know that lenders claim to be tribally-owned when in reality,
there is no  [*785]  connection to a tribe.  n200 Obviously, tribal sovereign
immunity is not implicated at all in such cases. Moreover, the most recent
arm-of-the-tribe test from a payday case  n201 --a permissive formulation
relative to past tests--requires that the enterprise be owned and operated by
the tribe. Thus, any payday lending entity that entails strictly passive
involvement on the part of the tribe would fail this test.

   It is less clear how future internet payday lenders will be operated, as
tribes may themselves begin to operate these lenders and thus fulfill the
arm-of-the-tribe test. Ironically, the more tightly states regulate the payday
industry, the more valuable tribal sovereign immunity becomes, and the more
likely that tribes will take control of these operations, retaining more of the
profits. In other words, more tribes could choose to simply form, fund, and run
operations of their own, solely for the benefit of their members, thus meeting
Kiowa directly. Since even the most improbably one-sided state court rulings
from the perspective of consumer protection are unlikely to provide a stable
solution to this problem, we turn below to other potential resolutions.

VI. Potential Solutions to the Problem

   Although access to emergency cash for people in need is arguably beneficial,
the record on unregulated payday lending indicates that the business model is
frequently exploitative of a vulnerable and often poor population. Yet many, if
not most, tribes are still in need of fundamental economic development to
provide basic social services to their members. Tribal options are often limited
by circumstances thrust upon tribes by history. For some  [*786]  tribes, payday
lending may be an important means of generating income and opportunity. The
tribal sovereignty model that allows payday lenders to operate without regard to
state lending regulations is most pernicious when tribes do not get the lion's
share of the profits. Since this seems to be the typical case, we view the
tribal sovereignty model (as it is currently put into practice) more as a
problem for vulnerable consumers than as a potential solution to tribal
disadvantage.

   Nevertheless, unless states can prove that an entity is not operated and
controlled by a tribe, state and circuit courts will lack the power to
significantly limit use of the tribal sovereign immunity avenue.  n202 Below we
explore several other potential solutions to the tribal sovereignty model: (1)
decisions by tribes themselves to regulate or prohibit payday lending; (2)
Supreme Court doctrinal revision or clarification; (3) congressional action; and
(4) agency action by either the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or the
Federal Trade Commission.

   A. Tribal Regulation or Restraint: Tribes May Choose to Regulate Payday
Lending or Refrain from Unregulated Payday Lending.

   Tribes can decide for themselves how to address payday lending. The decision
by a tribe to participate in unregulated payday lending, regulate payday
lending, or simply forbid payday lending by its members and corporations, is a
contextualized inquiry that each tribe must make independently. This decision
will depend upon each tribe's unique culture, laws, tradition, customs, beliefs,
and economic circumstances. However, there are important reasons why a tribe
might choose to refrain from engaging in unregulated payday lending, especially
when a substantial portion of the economic benefit is to be siphoned off by
outsiders. Tribes can look to state payday lending laws for examples of
effective regulation, or fashion their own forms of regulation. Tribes may wish
to form coalitions with other tribes in order to strategize about effective laws
and policies.

    [*787]  Conversely, a tribe that engages in unregulated payday lending
stakes out a de facto position that it opposes regulation designed to protect
vulnerable consumers. Because the lending entity stands in the place of the
tribe,  n203 it is as if the tribe itself is engaging in the exploitation of the
underprivileged for the sake of profit. Such action could tarnish sovereignty.
Exploitative payday lending can do significant harm to an already vulnerable
person or family, and thus there is an ethical dimension to tribal
participation. As scholar Sam Deloria aptly notes, "sovereignty can be used in a
way that erodes itself."  n204

   Use of tribal sovereign immunity to engage in unregulated payday lending in
contravention of state law might engender a backlash, such as that experienced
by tribes in 1976-1977, in response to non-Indian views that tribes were favored
by the federal government.  n205 As Deloria further concludes, in the context of
state-tribal collaboration:


     [R]ecent history shows that the diminutions of tribal sovereignty have
     come from the courts' responses to tribal unilateral assertions of
     sovereignty or from efforts by individuals to avoid sovereignty, in
     lawsuits that might well have not been brought if the situations had
     been addressed--and managed--by an intergovernmental agreement.  n206

   Tribal sovereign immunity, although not conferred, is not absolute. Use of
sovereign immunity to evade consumer protection laws may be exactly the type of
activity referred to in Kiowa as having the potential to undermine the
congressional rationale for a robust sovereign immunity doctrine presumed by the
Supreme Court.  n207 Although the doctrine of tribal sovereign immunity (as
[*788]  opposed to sovereignty generally) has thus far expanded consistently,
the doctrine of tribal territorial sovereignty has, in the past, seen a retreat
after an expansionary period.  n208 The use of tribal sovereign immunity to
escape state regulation as the value in a business partnership might attract the
attention of Congress or the Supreme Court. Once the issue is taken up,
congressional intervention or binding federal precedent might not be narrowly
tailored, and tribal sovereign immunity could be hampered beyond payday lending.
Although tribes make independent decisions with regard to the exercise of
sovereign immunity, the negative consequences of a Supreme Court ruling or
congressional intervention in this area would affect them all.

   Because of harmful and steady constriction in other realms of tribal
sovereignty, restriction in the area of tribal sovereign immunity has the
potential to significantly diminish the ability of tribes to make and be
controlled by their own laws.  n209 We do not question the right of tribes to
utilize sovereign immunity to engage in payday lending. Rather, we gently
question the wisdom. Although unregulated payday lending might be profitable,
and a sovereign's responsibility to its people is unquestionably paramount, both
ethical and practical considerations could cause tribes to autonomously reject
this opportunity. Because the actions of any single tribe could have
ramifications for all others, collective action on the part of tribes, if
possible, may be important. Thus, tribes may want to form coalitions and
otherwise organize with other tribes in order to address payday lending.

B. The Supreme Court Could Clarify or Revise Tribal Sovereign Immunity

    [*789]  The Supreme Court could clarify the arm-of-the-tribe test, or
otherwise modify or even eliminate tribal sovereign immunity. While the Supreme
Court already had an opportunity to clarify the arm-of-the-tribe test in Kiowa,
and while the unambiguous holding in Kiowa allows little room for modification
by the Court without overturning established precedent, the Court can still
overrule Kiowa now, particularly in the face of abuses of power. Doing so would
fly in the face of the Supreme Court's expressed deference to Congress in this
area, but this does not mean that it will not be done.

   Commentators have suggested that the Court shows "no inclination to step in"
and limit tribal sovereign immunity,  n210 yet recent cases cast doubt on
whether the Court truly intends to remain uninvolved, deferring indefinitely to
Congress. In Madison County, New York v. Oneida Indian Nation of New York,  n211
the Court granted certiorari on the question of "whether tribal sovereign
immunity from suit, to the extent it should continue to be recognized, bars
taxing authorities from foreclosing."  n212 Currently before the Court is a
Petition for a Writ of Certiorari begging specifically that the Supreme Court
abrogate the doctrine of tribal sovereign immunity altogether.  n213 These cases
show that although the law might seem well settled by Kiowa, each time the issue
of tribal sovereignty is raised in the courts, the risk of radical change is
presented. Payday lending cases fit squarely into the reasons the Kiowa dissent
and the majority dicta expressed reservations with the tribal sovereign immunity
doctrine as a whole.  n214 Thus, tribally-affiliated  [*790]  payday lending
presents increased risk to all tribes who depend on tribal sovereign immunity as
a tool for economic development and a buttress to tribal sovereignty.

C. Congressional Action

   At the time of the decision in Kiowa, Congress was actively debating
legislation that would have imposed very general limitations on tribal sovereign
immunity.  n215 It would not be unprecedented for Congress to reconsider and
reconstruct the contours of tribal sovereign immunity in general. Payday
lending, and the "tribal sovereignty" model in particular, have recently
attracted negative attention  n216 --attention that could inspire Congress to
revisit the issue of tribal sovereign immunity.

   Congress has plenary power over Indian affairs,  n217 and therefore
congressional action would be the most definitive of the potential solutions to
the loophole. Unless held unconstitutional, any congressional action would be
binding and definitive unless superseded by subsequent legislation.
Congressional action has the benefit of providing certainty and could stem the
growth of wasteful lawsuits in this area. Congressional intervention would bring
considerable risk to tribal interests that tribal sovereign immunity would be
impacted well beyond the specific issue of internet payday lending.

   Congressional action would likely be welcomed by a potentially powerful, if
highly unusual, coalition of consumer protection advocates, brick-and-mortar
payday lenders,  n218 states' rights  [*791]  advocates, and those who take a
narrow view of Native American rights. Some commentators note that when Congress
took up the issue of tribal immunity around the time of the Kiowa decision, the
contemplated action would have "effectively eliminate[d] tribal sovereign
immunity."  n219

   Given the potentially broad base of support for the limitation of tribal
sovereign immunity, and the type of drastic action once contemplated by
Congress, it is very possible that congressional action would carve into tribal
immunity more generally than would be required in order to simply regulate
payday lending. Congressional action could clearly establish the contours of the
tribal sovereignty model, or eliminate it entirely. If Congress acted more
broadly, it could significantly damage tribal autonomy.

   Hopefully, if Congress does decide to regulate internet payday lending, and
other products such as similarly-priced internet installment loans, Congress
will do so narrowly, without abrogating more tribal immunity than necessary.

D. Agency Action

1. The Federal Trade Commission Could Act

   The Federal Trade Commission's (FTC) Bureau of Consumer Protection, one of
several Bureaus within the FTC, enforces federal laws related to consumer
affairs and rules promulgated by the FTC.  n220 Its functions include
investigations, enforcement actions, and consumer and business education.  n221
Some of the issues that have caught the FTC's attention include telemarketing
fraud, shady practices by nursing homes, and identity theft.  n222 The FTC also
[*792]  oversees online advertising, behavioral targeting, and all issues
dealing with online privacy concerns.  n223

   The FTC lacks authority over banks but does have authority over payday
lenders.  n224 While accused at times of being toothless or doing too little on
behalf of consumers generally, recent payday lending practices have caught the
commissioners' attention.  n225 The FTC recently sued several lenders, doing
business as Lakota Cash and Big Sky Cash, who allegedly send documents to their
borrowers' employers that mimic a garnishment by the federal government.  n226
Federal agencies can garnish without a court order.  n227

   The FTC has not addressed the fundamental practices of payday lending,
however, such as charging triple-digit interest rates  [*793]  for so-called
short-term loans that are in reality far from short-term. This task, if it is to
be taken on, is most likely to be tackled by the new Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (CFPB).  n228

   2. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Could Act

a. The General Powers of the CFPB

   Leaving aside the issue of whether Congress might act to limit sovereign
immunity, Congress already has spoken on the issue of regulating payday loans in
general.  n229 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd--Frank Act went into effect, which in
turn created the CFPB.  n230 While the CFPB cannot set interest rate caps, it
clearly has the authority to regulate payday loans in other ways. It also
appears that the CFPB has the power to jettison the tribal-affiliation loophole.
n231

    [*794]  Generally speaking, the CFPB is charged with policing activities
relating to financial products and services for unfair, deceptive, and abusive
acts or practices,  n232 and routinely examining non-depository entities for
compliance with federal consumer financial laws.  n233 The agency has general
authority to monitor financial products and services for risks to consumers,
n234 and as part of this monitoring function, it may require lenders to file
reports and participate in interviews and surveys, and also may gather
information from consumers.  n235 More importantly, the Act specifically
prohibits all unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices by covered persons
and their service providers.  n236 The CFPB is thus given broad power to make
rules and take enforcement action with respect to any "unfair, deceptive, or
abusive act or practice . . . in connection with any transaction with a  [*795]
consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a
consumer financial product or service."  n237

   An act or practice is considered "unfair" if it is likely to cause
substantial injury to consumers that cannot be reasonably avoided by consumers,
whenever this substantial injury is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to
consumers or to competition.  n238 An act or practice can be deemed abusive in
two different ways. First, it can be found to be abusive if it materially
interferes with the ability of a consumer to understand a term or condition of a
consumer financial product or service.  n239 Second, an act can be found to be
abusive if it takes unreasonable advantage of one of three things:


     1. a lack of understanding on the part of the consumer of the material
     risks, costs, or conditions of the product or service; or

     2. the inability of the consumer to protect the interests of the
     consumer in selecting or using consumer financial products or
     services, and

     3. the reasonable reliance by the consumer on a covered person to act
     in the interests of the consumer.  n240


"Abusive" is defined broadly to include situations in which the consumer lacks
understanding of a consumer financial product, particularly where a covered
person's acts or omissions contribute to this lack of understanding.  n241 This
definition might even apply to disallow complicated disclosure terms, the
provision of terms that are not translated to the native language of a consumer,
or even an agreement that the consumer fully understands, but that the CFPB
[*796]  feels is not reasonably in the consumer's interest.  n242 Depending on
how the CFPB interprets the definition of "abusive," payday lending could be
forbidden entirely.  n243

b. The CFPB and Payday Lending in General

   As set out in the prior section, the CFPB can ban outright any product that
is either unfair or abusive. The CFPB can also regulate all products that have
the potential to be abusive or unfair.  n244 Payday loans arguably fall within
both categories.  n245 Because these loans are most frequently used by people of
lesser means  n246 for non-emergencies,  n247 the loans can cause substantial
injury that is not  [*797]  outweighed by a countervailing benefit. Enforcing
this part of the Act requires the CFPB to ask specifically whether the loan's
cost is worth what the consumer pays for it over the full life of the loan.
n248 Lending practices suggest that lenders do take unreasonable advantage of
consumers' lack of knowledge of the loan terms.  n249 Lenders also encourage
borrowing whenever possible and discourage paying off the loans.  n250

   Customers also have various behavioral biases, including optimism bias and
framing.  n251 There is also much more at stake for  [*798]  them in taking out
these loans, which ultimately represent a huge percentage of their overall cash
flow. The costs are high by any standard, but by the average payday loan
customer's standard, they are excessive beyond imagination.  n252

   Another step the CFPB can take is to conclusively prohibit the use of wage
assignments and demand drafts for payday loans, closing one arguable loophole in
the Electronic Funds Transfer Act.  n253

c. The CFPB and Tribes

   The CFPB applies to Native Americans as consumers. It was formed to protect
all Americans from abusive lending practices.  n254 The U.S. Treasury's web site
contains a detailed memo regarding how the CFPB applies to Native Americans and
why the issue is important.  n255 Though this memo does not carry the force of
law, it is an indication of the CFPB's intent. As the Treasury memo explains,
Native Americans are more likely to use alternative financial services than
other Americans.  n256

    [*799]  Moreover, as established in Donovan v. Coeur d'Alene Tribal Farm,
n257 and other cases,  n258 federal regulations apply to Native American tribes
and may be enforced by the federal government. In Coeur d'Alene, the Coeur
D'Alene Tribe argued that it was not subject to Occupational Safety and Health
Act (OSHA) requirements as a result of tribal immunity.  n259 The Tribe operated
a farm that produced grain and lentils for sale on the open market, and employed
both tribal and non-tribal members.  n260 After an inspection, the Tribe was
cited for twenty-one violations of OSHA.  n261 The farm did not dispute the
facts but argued that OSHA did not apply to them because of tribal immunity.
n262

    [*800]  Holding that generally applicable federal law applies equally to
tribes and everyone else, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals established three
exceptions to the rule.  n263 The court held that a "federal statute of general
applicability that is silent on the issue of applicability to Indian tribes"
will not apply to tribes if: "(1) the law touches 'exclusive rights of
self-governance in purely intramural matters'; (2) the application of the law to
the tribe would 'abrogate rights guaranteed by Indian treaties'; or (3) there is
proof 'by legislative history or some other means that Congress intended [the
law] not to apply to Indians on their reservations.'"  n264 In any of these
three situations, Congress must expressly state that a law applies to native
people before the court will apply that law to native communities or
individuals.  n265

i. Interference with Tribal Self-Government

   The first prong of the Coeur d'Alene test asks whether the applicability of
the federal law in question would interfere with rights of tribal
self-government.  n266 If so, the federal law cannot be applied to tribes unless
there is a "clear" expression of congressional intent that the law should apply
to tribes.  n267 In Coeur d'Alene, applying OSHA, the court found that
interpreting this exception as broadly as the tribe argued would except all
tribal businesses from federal regulation. The court stated:


     [I]f the right to conduct commercial enterprises free of federal
     regulation is an aspect of tribal self-government, so too, it would
     seem, is the right to run a tribal enterprise free of the potentially
     ruinous burden of federal taxes. Yet our cases make clear that federal
     taxes apply to reservation activities even without a "clear"
     expression of congressional intent.  n268


The court went on to say, "we believe that the tribal self-government exception
is designed to except purely intramural matters such as conditions of tribal
membership, inheritance rules, and domestic  [*801]  relations from the general
rule that otherwise applicable federal statutes apply to Indian tribes" engaging
in regulated open market commerce.  n269

ii. The "Treaty Rights" Exception

   The tribe next argued that OSHA cannot apply to a tribe's activities absent a
clear expression of congressional intent because application of the Act would
infringe on treaty rights.  n270 Because the court found no treaty at all
between the Coeur d'Alene tribe and the United States, it found that the second
exception did not apply either.  n271

iii. The "Other Indications" Exception

   As set out above, if neither of the first two exceptions apply, there is a
third, catch-all exception for situations in which Congress expressed explicit
intent that the law not apply to tribes.  n272 This exception asks whether the
legislative history surrounding the law in question (in Coeur d'Alene it was
OSHA) indicates any congressional desire to exclude tribal enterprises from the
scope of its coverage.  n273 This exception requires that there be express
intent to exclude tribes.

   In applying Coeur d'Alene to the CFPB's regulations, there is no question
that the Dodd--Frank Act that created the CFPB is a law of general
applicability. This means the CFPB's regulations apply as long as none of the
three exceptions set out in Coeur d'Alene apply.  n274 None of these exceptions
appear to apply to internet payday lending. As in Coeur d'Alene, the business in
question here is in regular commerce, and there is nothing about regulating
payday lending that bears upon tribal membership, inheritance  [*802]  rules,
and domestic relations, or any other internal governance matter.  n275 Moreover,
unlike Coeur d'Alene, there is no intrusion onto tribal land at all, as the CFPB
will likely be regulating internet lending, not store-front lending.  n276 As to
prong two, like Coeur d'Alene, at least in the cases identified thus far, there
is no treaty between the United States and the tribes involved in internet
payday lending. Finally, there is no express intent here for the CFPB to exclude
tribes or native people. To the contrary, as the Treasury memorandum indicates,
there was express intent for the exact opposite, namely, for the CFPB to apply
equally to tribes and everyone else.  n277

   In summary, federal laws of general application apply to tribes and can be
enforced by the federal government unless one of the Coeur d'Alene factors
applies.  n278 Thus, if nothing else, the CFPB is in a position to outlaw or
limit internet payday lending in general, regardless of who is doing the
lending. Given the difficulties created by the sovereign immunity model, as well
as off-shore lending models, the role of the CFPB is critical.

   The CFPB's investigative powers could also be very useful to the offices of
state attorneys general in thwarting the overarching participation of
non-immune, non-tribal financiers (such as Mr. Tucker) in this market, who
should be targeted. State attorneys general will have access to CFPB
investigations of tribes pursuant to memoranda of understanding required by
Dodd-Frank to pursue the non-tribal financiers of tribal lending entities under
state law as aiders, abettors, conspirators, or control persons.

   Tribal immunity does not make tribal lending in contravention of state law
legal, but it does make tribes immune from prosecution. It will likely be more
effective for attorneys general to not join the tribes as defendants in order to
pursue non-tribal defendants in illegal lending schemes. Using the CFPB's
investigative and enforcement actions, no change in law or interpretation is
required  [*803]  for this attorney general action to take place. The CFPB,
however, would need to take an immediate and active role in investigating online
payday lending.

VII. Conclusion: Who Loses When Sovereignty Is Sold?

   Sovereignty is the linchpin of tribal self-determination.  n279 Scholars are
already concerned that broadening sovereign immunity to off-reservation business
enterprises will cause the Supreme Court and Congress to limit that immunity,
particularly where the immunity extends to non-Indians.  n280 Indeed, the
Supreme Court may already be reevaluating its stance toward tribal immunity,
n281 a step in the wrong direction for tribes.  n282 There has been marked and
insidious erosion in tribal sovereignty as it relates to tribal territory since
Kiowa. This development is so pronounced that it might outweigh the significant
benefits tribal economic development has brought to tribes.  n283 Tribal payday
lending could further erode this sovereignty.

   Courts, litigants, and scholars continue to challenge the fairness of
corporate immunity for casinos and other businesses that compete in the economic
mainstream.  n284 Thus far, the Supreme Court has somewhat begrudgingly
continued to recognize broad tribal immunity in the commercial context, though
the precise parameters of sovereign immunity in the business context remain
undefined. Tribes need not allow these parameters to lie in the  [*804]  hands
of random courts, the Supreme Court, or Congress. Rather, they can take things
into their own hands and regulate or forbid payday lending by their members and
corporate entities.

   Tension about the extent of tribal sovereign immunity is evident in recent
Supreme Court jurisprudence. For example in Kiowa, Justice Stevens's dissent
expressed serious doubts about the legal premise and fairness of tribal immunity
from suit for off-reservation commercial activities.  n285 Justice Stevens
claimed that sovereign immunity in the context of commercial activity is unjust,
adding that "[g]overnments, like individuals, should pay their debts and should
be held accountable for their unlawful, injurious conduct."  n286

   Some tribal members recognize the risk in selling sovereignty too cheaply. As
Charles Trimble, a member of the Oglala Sioux tribe, stated on his popular
Native American blog:


     [Payday lending] is fodder for those forces that still argue that
     tribes are not up to the standards of discipline and law for
     sovereignty and self-governance. Instead they are seen by many as
     havens of corruption and lawlessness, and fronts for sleazy
     businesses. These are the things that could feed a backlash; and as I
     have written before, even if our sovereignty is secure, those forces
     could make it more difficult to exercise it for the good of our
     people.

     For example, anti-tribal forces could push Congress to just extend the
     Indian Gaming Regulatory Act's requirement for state-tribal compacts
     for other non-gaming businesses. Or ultra-conservative budget cutters
     could use the excuse of not wanting to promote state law circumvention
     by subsidizing the payday lenders through the tribes.  n287


He added that "[t]here is great dignity in sovereignty and great discipline is
needed for its preservation."  n288 Similarly, Professor Patrice Kunesh suggests
that tribes remain mindful that "improvident use of tribal sovereign immunity
may impede actualization of full tribal self-determination and obstruct ultimate
tribal vindication of important legal rights."  n289 With immunity  [*805]
comes great power, which, if overused, can backfire.  n290 Given the power of
Congress, the Supreme Court, the FTC, and the CFPB, tribes may find good reasons
to steer clear of these partnerships entirely, or to closely regulate them.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawConsumer ProtectionState LawGeneral OverviewGovernmentsNative
AmericansGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative
Americans

FOOTNOTES:





n1  David Heath, Payday Lending Bankrolls Auto Racer's Fortune, IWATCH NEWS
(Sept. 26, 2011, 4:00 PM),
http://www.iwatchnews.org/2011/09/26/6605/payday-lending-bankrolls-auto-racers-f
ortune (last visited Apr. 10, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law
Review).





n2  Id.





n3  Id.





n4  See infra notes 143-50 and accompanying text (discussing the typical
sovereign model of partnerships between payday lenders and tribes).





n5  See infra Part IV.A-B (discussing the history and limits of tribal
sovereignty).





n6  Id.





n7  See infra Part IV.B (discussing the basic principles of sovereign immunity).





n8  Though we believe meaningful payday loan regulation is sorely needed, this
paper does not focus its attention on this issue.





n9  See, e.g., Jessica Silver-Greenberg, Tribes Profit on Payday-Loan Rules,
WALL ST. J., Feb. 10, 2011, at C1 (reporting on the growth of the "sovereign-
loan model" and the economic incentives it brings to tribes). But see Michael
Hudson & David Heath, Fights Over Tribal Payday Lenders Show Challenges of
Financial Reform, IWATCH NEWS (Feb. 7, 2011, 9:13 AM),
http://www.iwatchnews.org/2011/02/07/2151/fights-over-tribal
-payday-lenders-show-challenges-financial-reform (last visited Apr. 10, 2012)
(describing tribes' willingness to profit from payday lending as a result of
being "stripped of their economic vitality and forced to relocate to remote
wastelands") (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review); Mark Fogarty,
Payday Lenders 'Using Tribes as Fronts', INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK
(Feb. 14, 2011),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2011/02/14/payday-lenders-'usingtribes
-as-fronts'-17421 (last visited Apr. 10, 2012) (objectively reporting on the
publication of a report that investigates payday lender arrangements with
tribes) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n10  Native Community Finance, a community development corporation located on
the Laguna Pueblo, recently provided a loan to pay off an internet payday loan
given by Western Sky Loans. Under the terms of the loan, the consumer would have
paid back $ 42,000 to borrow $ 5,000. The consumer told the executive director
of Native American Finance that she thought the loan was O.K. because it was
being offered by a tribe. See interview with Marvin Ginn, Exec. Dir., Native Am.
Fin. (Oct. 2, 2011).





n11  See U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, A QUIET CRISIS: FEDERAL FUNDING AND UNMET
NEEDS IN INDIAN COUNTRY 8 (2003), available at http://www.usccr.
gov/pubs/na0703/na0204.pdf ("[T]he national poverty rate in the Unites States
for the period between 1999 and 2001 was 11.6 percent. For Native Americans
nationally, the average annual poverty rate was 24.5 percent.").





n12  See Kelly E. Yasaitis, NAGPRA: A Look Back Through the Litigation, 25 J.
LAND RESOURCES & ENVTL. L. 259, 260-61 (2005) (recounting the treatment of
Native Americans in the nineteenth and twentieth Centuries).





n13  See Nancy B. Collins & Andrea Hall, Nuclear Waste in Indian Country: A
Paradoxical Trade, 12 LAW & INEQ. 267, 300 (1994) (describing tribal involvement
in nuclear waste as a result of "legal policies that created a system of remote
reservations, and restricted resource development").





n14  See U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, supra note 11, at 101 (noting that
unemployment has reached eighty-five percent on some reservations and that in
2000, unemployment on reservations was more than twice the national rate).





n15  See Armen H. Merjian, Unbroken Chain of Injustice: The Dawes Act, Native
American Trusts, and Cobell v. Salazar, 46 GONZ. L. REV. 609, 611-12 (2010). As
Professor Merjian states:


     Native Americans are, in truth, among the very poorest Americans. As
     the United States Civil Rights Commission explains, "Native Americans
     still suffer higher rates of poverty, poor educational achievement,
     substandard housing, and higher rates of disease and illness. Native
     Americans continue to rank at or near the bottom of nearly every
     social, health, and economic indicator." Fully 23.6% of Native
     Americans live below the poverty line, and 34% of Native American
     children live in families with household incomes below the poverty
     line. Roughly 90,000 Native American families are homeless or
     under-housed, and nearly half of reservation households are crowded or
     severely crowded. One in five of those houses lacks adequate plumbing
     facilities.
     Native Americans have a lower life expectancy than any other ethnic
     group in the United States, and they suffer higher rates of illness
     for many diseases. "On average, men in Bangladesh can expect to live
     longer than Native American men in South Dakota." Elderly Native
     Americans are 48.7% more likely to suffer from heart failure, 173%
     more likely to suffer from diabetes, and 44.3% more likely to suffer
     from asthma than the general population. Meanwhile, one in three
     Native Americans lacks health insurance coverage.

Id. (citations omitted).





n16  See Steven Andrew Light & Kathryn R.L. Rand, Reconciling the Paradox of
Tribal Sovereignty: Three Frameworks for Developing Indian Gaming Law and Policy
, 4 NEV. L.J. 262, 262-64 (2003) (discussing and negating various popular media
portrayals of Native Americans as wealthy gaming tribes).





n17  See U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, supra note 11, at 8 ("[T]he national
poverty rate in the Unites States for the period between 1999 and 2001 was 11.6
percent. For Native Americans nationally, the average annual poverty rate was
24.5 percent.").





n18  Casinos are, overall, a significant economic boon to tribes, funding tribal
language revitalization programs, tribal cultural institutions, and schools,
among other programs. Yet, some argue that involvement with casinos can
sometimes chip away at ancient tribal customs. Others find nothing unusual about
casinos and find that they do not harm Native culture any more than any other
enterprise. See Karin Mika, Private Dollars on the Reservation: Will Recent
Native American Economic Development Amount to Cultural Assimilation?, 25 N.M.
L. REV. 23, 33 (1995) ("Tribes disagree on how much cultural purity will be
compromised by 'nontraditional' enterprises if outside entities are allowed to
develop businesses on reservation lands.").





n19  See Collins & Hall, supra note 13, at 294-95 (discussing the negative
health and environmental impacts of uranium mining on Native American lands);
see also Terri Hansen, Proposed Alaska Coal Mine Divides Alaska Communities,
Elicits Racist Rant, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK (Sept. 19, 2011),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2011/09/proposedalaska-coal-mine-divid
es-alaska-communities-elicits-racist-rant/ (last visited Apr. 10, 2012)
(describing the negative impacts of mining on the health and land of Alaskan
tribes) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review); Carol Berry, Mining
Clashed with Sacred Sites in 2010, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK (Dec. 27,
2010),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2010/12/mining-clashed-with-sacred-sit
es-in-2010/ (last visited Apr. 10, 2012) (reporting on the potential
environmental, health, and cultural damage caused by uranium and coal mines) (on
file with the Washington and Lee Law Review); A Lump of Coal for ANCs, INDIAN
COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK (Dec. 27, 2010),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2010/12/a-lump-of-coal-for-ancs/ (last
visited Apr. 10, 2012) (reporting on proposed legislation to address abuses in
preferential government contracts and quoting Senator McCaskill as saying,
"[w]e've seen that a very small portion of these companies' profits are reaching
native Alaskans") (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n20  See Collins & Hall, supra note 13, at 295 (explaining the environmental
impacts of uranium mining).





n21  See id. at 274-75 (discussing the incentives and consequences to tribes for
accepting nuclear waste onto their land).





n22  This is especially true of tribes that are economically vulnerable. Tribes
with more economic resources have more options: They are able to be more
discerning and to use the full range of their resources, including capital, to
create opportunities.





n23  See Matthew L.M. Fletcher, Indian Tribal Businesses and the Off-Reservation
Market, 12 LEWIS & CLARK L. REV. 1047, 1049-50 (2008) (describing various
off-reservation businesses, the controversy behind these businesses, and the
possibility of backlash from the outside as a result).





n24  See id.





n25  See Ronald Mann & James Hawkins, Just Until Payday, 54 UCLA L. REV. 855,
857 (2007) (explaining the mechanics of a typical payday loan); Karen E.
Francis, Note, Rollover, Rollover: A Behavioral Law and Economics Analysis of
the Payday Loan Industry, 88 TEX. L. REV. 611, 611-12 (2010) (describing a
payday loan transaction).





n26  See Mann & Hawkins, supra note 25, at 857 ("The spirit of the market is
captured by a recent Cash America television advertisement advising that 'some
things can't wait until payday.'").





n27  See Nathalie Martin, 1,000% Interest--Good While Supplies Last: A Study of
Payday Loan Practices and Solutions, 52 ARIZ. L. REV. 563, 564 (2010) (giving an
example of a typical payday loan).





n28  Id.





n29  See id. at 565 (citing Felix Salmon, Loan Sharking Datapoints of the Day,
REUTERS (Jan. 6, 2010, 7:37 PM),
http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2010/01/07/loan
-sharking-datapoints-of-the-day/ (last visited Apr. 10, 2012) (on file with the
Washington and Lee Law Review).





n30  See Francis, supra note 25, at 618-19 (describing the growth of the payday
lending industry).





n31  Id. at 619.





n32  See LESLIE PARRISH & URIAH KING, CENTER FOR RESPONSIBLE LENDING, PHANTOM
DEMAND: SHORT-TERM DUE DATES GENERATE NEED FOR REPEAT PAYDAY LOANS, ACCOUNTING
FOR 76% OF TOTAL VOLUME 15-16 (2009), available at
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/phantom-deman
d-final.pdf (demonstrating how the structure of payday loans creates a debt-trap
for borrowers); LAUREN K. SANDERS ET AL., NATIONAL CONSUMER LAW CENTER, STOPPING
THE PAYDAY LOAN TRAP: ALTERNATIVES THAT WORK, ONES THAT DON'T 4-6 (2010),
available at http://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/high_cost_small_loans/payday_loans/
report-stopping-payday-trap.pdf (describing payday loans and the harms they
cause for consumers); Francis, supra note 25, at 612 (describing how consumers
may get "caught in the 'debt trap' of extending the loan for multiple terms").





n33  See Francis, supra note 25, at 617 (noting that "the payday-lending
industry claims to provide a valuable service to consumers who are in need of
emergency cash and do not have access to other credit"); see also John P.
Caskey, Payday Lending: New Research and the Big Question 3 (Fed. Reserve Bank
of Philadelphia, Working Paper No. 10-32, 2010), available at
http://www.philadelphiafed.org/research-and-data/publications/workingpapers/2010
/wp10-32.pdf (noting that payday lenders serve people of lesser means but not
the very poor).





n34  See Francis, supra note 25, at 613 (describing the arguments made by
proponents and critics of payday lending regulations).





n35  Consumer groups object to payday lending for reasons other than the high
cost. As Jen Ann Fox of the Consumer Federation of America explained, in
response to this view:


     We object to payday loan structure and design for many reasons other
     than the cost, i.e. loans made without determination of ability to
     repay, loans secured by access to bank accounts, balloon payment
     loans, loans too large to be repaid out of one paycheck even if free,
     loans based on unfunded checks leading to coercive debt collection
     tactics, etc. As studies from the Center for Responsible Lending show,
     even if the loans were used only now and then, this does not mean that
     high cost is the only issue. If all the factors that go into a payday
     loan resulted in only occasional use, this would not be a significant
     problem, but these are not the same things.

Online interview with Ms. Fox (Oct. 18, 2011).





n36  Caskey, supra note 33, at 4-5. Professor Caskey does a thorough review of
recent studies on repeat usage of payday loans, stating that:


     Stegman's 2007 article made this same point and provided data
     indicating that many payday loan customers borrow repeatedly. More
     recent data reinforce this finding. A study for the California
     Department of Corporations found, for example, that 19 percent of loan
     customers took out 15 or more loans over an 18- month period. Only 16
     percent took out just one. The study also included focus groups with a
     small number of customers. Based on the focus groups, the study
     reported, "When asked if they would recommend payday loans to others,
     most indicated that they would provide the information about payday
     lending, but would also provide cautions to the 'addictive',
     'repetitive', and 'vicious' cycle that can be a part of the payday
     lending experience." In Colorado during 2007, payday loan customers
     with 12 or more loans accounted for 67 percent of all loans; 65
     percent of loans were made on the same day that a customer repaid a
     previous loan. As the Colorado report stated, "During 2007 the
     'average' consumer paid about $ 573.06 in total finance charges to
     have borrowed $ 353.88 for a period of little more than five and
     one-half months at each . . . location with which that consumer did
     business."
     Data from Florida indicate that the average number of transactions per
     consumer from June 2008 through May 2009 was 8.4, and 30 percent of
     the customers in that ear had 12 loans or more. These 30 percent of
     customers accounted for 61 percent of all payday loans made in that
     year. In Oklahoma, the average number of transactions per customer was
     9.3 from April 2008 through March 2009, 32.5 percent of the customers
     in that year took out 12 or more loans, accounting for 63.5 percent of
     loan volume.


Id. (citations omitted).





n37  See Allison Woolston, Note, Neither a Borrower Nor a Lender Be: The Future
of Payday Lending in Arizona, 52 ARIZ. L. REV. 853, 867 (2010) ("This repeated
cycle of loan renewal extends the duration of payday loan to an average of
almost five months. The typical payday loan customer renews his loan
approximately ten times and, in one reported instance sixty-six times."); see
also Francis, Supra note 25, at 617. In this student note, Ms. Francis cites a
number of studies about rollovers being repeat loans, stating that:


     The average borrower has 10, 11, or 12 payday transactions per year
     according to three respective reports. A Colorado study found that the
     average was greater than 9 transactions per year from the same lender,
     but that did not include transactions that a borrower may have had
     with other lenders, which the study implied could greatly increase
     that average. In Illinois, 20% of borrowers have 20 or more payday
     loans per year. A consumer advocate group found that 66% incur at
     least 5 payday loans per year and that 31% receive more than 12 per
     year. The Georgetown study reported that almost 50% of borrowers had
     at least 7 transactions in the last year and that 22.5% had more than
     14 payday loans that year. Though none of the data converged, all of
     these studies reveal a high rate of rollover transactions per
     borrower. The striking feature of this data is that the CFSA study,
     which should be most favorable to the payday-lending industry, shows
     that almost a majority of all borrowers are rolling over their loans
     multiple times.


Id. (citations omitted).





n38  See Caskey, Supra note 33, at 6 (describing a 2007 California survey which
found that "50.2 percent of loan customers said that they took the loan
primarily to pay bills, and 22.3 percent said that they mainly used it to buy
groceries or other household goods") (citing APPLIED MGMT. & PLANNING GRP., 2007
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATIONS PAYDAY LOAN STUDY 47 (2007), available at
http://www.corp.ca.gov/pub/pdf/PDLStudy07C.pdf). Martin has found that 63% of
customers reported using the loans for regular bills in her survey outside
store-front lenders' places of business. Martin, Supra note 27, at 608-09.
Another 4% reported using the loans for discretionary purposes such as gifts or
parties, and just 5% for emergencies, 5% for auto expenses, 5% to help family,
and 5% for medical expenses. Id.





n39  See Using a Payday Loan for Vacation Expenses, PAYDAY LOAN BLOG (Sept. 29,
2008, 10:19 AM),
http://www.paydayloanaffiliate.com/blog/UsingAPaydayLoanForVacationExpenses.aspx
(last visited Jan. 7, 2012) (advocating the use of a payday loan to fund a
vacation) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n40  See Nathalie Martin, Funding Your Buddy's Bachelor Party Through a Payday
Loan?, CREDIT SLIPS (Mar. 25, 2011, 6:32 PM), http://www.credit
slips.org/creditslips/2011/03/funding-your-buddys-bachelor-party-through-a-pay
day-loan.html (last visited Jan. 7, 2012) (linking to a payday loan ad) (on file
with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n41  See PARRISH & KING, Supra note 32, at 2-3 (describing the "churning" of
borrows and noting that such churning accounts for three-fourths of all payday
loan volume).





n42  Little Payday, Bridget the Midget Introduces Small Loans at
LittlePayday.com!, YOUTUBE (Sept. 19, 2010),
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6euwvEQxm6c (last visited Jan. 7, 2012) (on file
with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n43  See PARRISH & KING, Supra note 32, at 2 ("Devoting [a] substantial share of
paycheck to repaying a payday loan, it appears, leaves most borrowers inadequate
funds for their other obligations, compelling them to take a new payday loan
almost immediately.").





n44  See Martin, Supra note 27, at 574 (describing methods used by lenders to
encourage repeat borrowing).





n45  See Allied Cash Advance Customer Loyalty Card (on file with the Washington
and Lee Law Review).





n46  See CONSUMER FED'N OF AM., CFA SURVEY OF ONLINE PAYDAY LOAN WEBSITES 5-6
(2011), available at
http://www.consumerfed.org/pdfs/CFAsurveyInternetPaydayLoanWebsites.pdf
(discussing APR disclosures and state regulation of internet payday lenders);
JEAN ANN FOX & ANNA PETRINI, INTERNET PAYDAY LENDING: HOW HIGH-PRICED LENDERS
USE THE INTERNET TO MIRE BORROWERS IN DEBT AND EVADE STATE CONSUMER PROTECTIONS
22 (2004), available at
http://www.consumerfed.org/elements/www.consumerfed.org/file/finance/Internet_Pa
yday_Lending113004.PDF (discussing the costs of internet payday loans).





n47  See CONSUMER FED'N OF AM., Supra note 46, at 5 (describing jurisdictional
disclosures made by internet payday lenders).





n48  See id. at 11-12 (describing the typical privacy policies of internet
payday lending websites).





n49  See id. at 8-9 (describing internet payday loan payment terms and how they
result in a debt trap).





n50  See Minnesota Sues Five Internet Payday Lenders, CONSUMERAFFAIRS.COM (Sept.
7, 2011),
http://www.consumeraffairs.com/news04/2011/09/minnesota-sues-five-internet-payda
y-lenders.html (last visited Jan. 7, 2011) (describing various consumer
complaints about internet payday lenders) (on file with the Washington and Lee
Law Review).





n51  See FOX & PETRINI, Supra note 46, at 7-12 (discussing the ways in which
internet payday lenders evade state laws).





n52  See Legal Status of Payday Lending by State, PAYDAY CONSUMER LOAN
INFORMATION, http://www.paydayloaninfo.org/legal-status (last visited Jan. 11,
2012) (summarizing state laws regarding payday lending) (on file with the
Washington and Lee Law Review).





n53  See id. (noting that thirty-three states permit payday lending with safe
harbor legislation).





n54  See Press Release, Office of the W.Va. Att'y Gen. (Aug. 24, 2012),
available at http://www.wvago.gov/pdf/press/2011_onsumersfromDelaware
InternetPaydayLender.pdf (announcing the recovery of $ 300,000 from a Delaware
Internet lender for West Virginians).





n55  FOX & PETRINI, Supra note 46, at 5-6.





n56  Id. at 4.





n57  Truth in Lending Act, 15 U.S.C.A. §§ 1601-1667f (2012).





n58  Electronic Funds Transfer Act, 15 U.S.C.A. §§ 1693-1693r (2012).





n59  See URIAH KING & LESLIE PARRISH, CENTER FOR RESPONSIBLE LENDING, SPRINGING
THE DEBT TRAP: RATE CAPS ARE ONLY PROVEN PAYDAY LENDING REFORM 12-18 (2007),
available at
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/springing-the
-debt-trap.pdf (describing how various regulatory strategies have failed to stop
the payday loan debt trap).





n60  N.M. STAT. ANN. § 58-15-33(B) (West 2011).





n61  Id. § 58-15-35(A).





n62  Id. § 58-15-34(A).





n63  Id. § 58-15-32(A). According to the Center for Responsible Lending, income
limit requirements do not necessarily help consumers avoid becoming trapped in
debt. KING & PARRISH, Supra note 59, at 16. Because this income restriction was
based on the consumer's gross income and thus on a dollar figure that the
consumer did not actually have available, it did not relate directly to the
consumer's ability to repay the loan. Additionally, the income figure was for an
entire month but in most cases the term of the loan was for only two weeks,
meaning that the consumer only had half of the stated income with which to
attempt to repay the loan in any case. None of this makes any difference anyway,
because once the law was passed, lenders stopped making loans covered by the new
law and moved on to something else.





n64  N.M. STAT. ANN. § 58-15-32(C) (West 2011).





n65  See id. §§ 58-15-32 to 58-15-39 (enumerating all the requirements for
payday lending added in 2007).





n66  Id. § 58-15-37.





n67  See Martin, Supra note 27, at 588-93 (describing how other states have
attempted and failed to successfully regulate and curb payday borrowing).





n68  Id. at 585-86 (describing how lenders changed their product to fall outside
the definition of a payday loan).





n69  Id. at 585.





n70  See NAT'L CONSUMER LAW CTR., SMALL DOLLAR LOAN PRODUCTS SCORECARD--UPDATED
14-20 (2010), available at
http://www.consumerfed.org/elements/www.consumerfed.org/file/Updated_Scorecard.p
df (grading states based on whether they impose a 36% APR cap on small dollar
loans).





n71  See KING & PARRISH, Supra note 59, at 19 (describing the success of
interest rate caps and listing the savings achieved by states that enforce an
interest rate cap).





n72  The Connection Between Indian Tribes and Payday Lending, ONLINE CASH
ADVANCE,
http://www.online-cash-advance.com/financial-news/the-connection-between-indian-
tribes-and-payday-lending#ixzz1Nt1vQu6h (last visited Jan. 11, 2012) (on file
with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n73  Framework of Tribal Sovereignty, AMERICAN INDIAN POLICY CENTER,
http://www.americanindianpolicycenter.org/projects/marge1.html (last visited
Jan. 11, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n74  See FELIX S. COHEN, COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW 204-24 (Nell
Jessup Newton et al. eds., Lexis Nexis 2005) (1941) (tracing the history and
extent of powers tribal powers and tribal sovereignty). When two governments
enter into a treaty with one another, they are recognizing each other as
sovereigns. For example, states generally enter into contracts with each other
that are called compacts. Treaties are the basis of the relationship between
tribes and the United States. Id. When the United States government recognized
tribes as sovereigns through treaties, they were following in the footsteps of
European nations that had done the same thing. Id. at 208.





n75  Angela R. Riley, (Tribal) Sovereignty and Illiberalism, 95 CAL. L. REV.
799, 821-22 (2007).





n76  U.S. CONST. amend. XIV, § 2 ("Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several states according to their respective numbers . . . excluding Indians
not taxed.").





n77  There are three types of sovereigns in the United States, the federal
government, state governments, which derive their sovereignty from the federal
government, and Indian governments.





n78  COHEN, Supra note 74, at 204.





n79  See id. at 205 (noting that tribes are distinct entities with powers of
self-government derived from original sovereignty rather than a delegation of
powers). To have any sovereign nation, you need a distinct, unique group of
people, who have a distinct language, a distinct moral and religious structure,
and a distinct cultural base. They must have a specific geographic area that
they control and regulate. Within that area, they must possess governmental
powers, including the power to tax and the power to change their government if
they see fit. These governmental powers must be acknowledged by the people who
are subject to them, and they must be enforceable by some sort of authority,
whether it be military, police, or general citizen control.





n80  Katherine J. Florey, Indian Country's Borders: Territoriality, Immunity,
and the Construction of Tribal Sovereignty, 51 B.C. L. REV. 595, 597-98 (2010)
(discussing the erosion of tribal sovereignty).





n81  Id.





n82  Id.





n83  Id. at 595.





n84  See id. at 616-17 (discussing the origins of the sovereign immunity
doctrine).





n85  COHEN, Supra note 74, at 635.





n86  Id. at 636. Tribal sovereign immunity does not bar suits by the federal
government, however. Id.





n87  Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 754 (1998).





n88  See id. at 754-56 (noting that while the Court never drew a distinction,
other courts had limited off-reservation immunity).





n89  See Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 760 (1998) (permitting
tribal sovereign immunity to extend off-reservation). Kiowa involved a Tribal
Development Commission that agreed to purchase stock through a promissory note
in the name of the tribe. Id. at 751. Though the tribe argued the deal was
signed on tribal land, the Respondent maintained that the note was executed and
delivered in Oklahoma City, or non-tribal land. Id. The tribe defaulted on the
note and the Respondent sued for the breach of contract. Id. The Oklahoma
Supreme Court held that Indian tribes are subject to suit in state court for
breaches of contract involving off-reservation commercial conduct. Id. at 755.
The United States Supreme Court reversed. Ultimately, the Supreme Court declined
to draw a distinction based on where the tribal activity occurred, granting
sovereignty to tribal conduct for purely off-reservation conduct. Id. at 760.





n90  See id. at 764 (Stevens, J., dissenting) ("[W]e have treated the doctrine
of sovereign immunity from judicial jurisdiction as settled law, but in none of
our cases have we applied the doctrine to purely off-reservation conduct.").





n91  See id. at 760 (majority opinion) ("[W]e decline to revisit our case law
and choose to defer to Congress. Tribes enjoy immunity from suits on contracts,
whether those contracts involve governmental or commercial activities and
whether they were made on or off a reservation.").





n92  See id. at 755 ("There is a difference between the right to demand
compliance with state laws and the means available to enforce them.").





n93  Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 3 (1831).





n94  See COHEN, Supra note 74, at 221-24 (discussing federal statutory
limitations on tribal sovereignty).





n95  See Talton v. Mayes, 163 U.S. 376, 384 (1896) ("[A]lthough possessed of
these attributes of local self-government when exercising their tribal
functions, all such rights are subject to the supreme legislative authority of
the United States.").





n96  Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 761 (1998).





n97  Turner v. United States, 248 U.S. 354 (1919).





n98  Florey, supra note 80, at 619.





n99  Turner v. United States, 248 U.S. 354, 356-57 (1919). Turner also sued the
United States as trustee of Creek funds. Id. at 357.





n100  Id. at 358.





n101  Id.





n102  Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 757 (1998).





n103  See United States v. U.S. Fid. & Guar. Co., 309 U.S. 506, 512 (1940)
("These Indian Nations are exempt from suit without Congressional
authorization.").





n104  Id. at 510.





n105  Id. at 512-13. The Court did not articulate the common public policy.





n106  Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez, 436 U.S. 49 (1978).





n107  See id. at 55-58 (discussing tribal sovereign immunity).





n108  Id. at 62-72.





n109  Id. at 51.





n110  Id. at 58-59.





n111  Id. at 71-72. Santa Clara was upsetting to some scholars and caused
consternation toward the Supreme Court at the time. At its essence, however, the
decision could hardly have gone any other way. Only a tribe, and certainly not
the federal government, can decide who in society is entitled to tribal
membership.





n112  Okla. Tax Comm'n v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe of Okla., 498
U.S. 505 (1991).





n113  Id. at 513.





n114  Id. at 507-08.





n115  Id. at 512.





n116  Id. at 514.





n117  Id. at 515 (Stevens, J., concurring).





n118  Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 754 (1998).





n119  Id. at 751.





n120  Id. at 755.





n121  Id.





n122  Id. at 754-55.





n123  Id.





n124  Id. at 754.





n125  Id. at 756.





n126  Id. at 758. Note the Court's retention of the doctrine in Potawatomi "on
the theory that Congress had failed to abrogate it in order to promote economic
development and tribal self-sufficiency." Id. at 757.





n127  Id. at 758.





n128  Id. at 757-58.





n129  Id. at 758-60. The Court noted that Congress was "in a position to weigh
and accommodate the competing policy concerns and reliance interests," and that
Congress has authorized suit against tribes in the past, but had not done so in
this area. Id. at 759.





n130  Id. at 758.





n131  Id. at 760.





n132  See Jeff M. Kosseff, Note, Sovereignty for Profits: Courts' Expansion of
Sovereign Immunity to Tribe-Owned Businesses, 5 FLA. A & M U. L. REV. 131,
138-39 (2009) (discussing the multitude of lower court cases that have followed
Kiowa).





n133  Id. at 138.





n134  See id. ("Immunity [has been provided] to a wide variety of tribal
entities, including tobacco companies, snow removal contractors, truck stops,
hotels, and payday loan companies.").





n135  Id.





n136  Inyo Cnty. v. Paiute-Shoshone Indians of the Bishop Cmty. of the Bishop
Colony, 538 U.S. 701, 705 n.1 (2003).





n137  See Allen v. Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d 1044, 1046-47 (9th Cir. 2006)
(examining whether a casino was operated as an "arm of the tribe"). For earlier
uses of the test, see Redding Rancheria v. Super. Ct., 105 Cal. Rptr. 2d 773,
776-77 (Cal. Ct. App. 2001) (noting that factors to determine if an entity is
entitled to immunity include the importance of gaming in promoting tribal
self-determination, the close link between the tribe and the casino, and the
existence of federal law promoting Indian gambling). As established in Kiowa,
the question is not whether the activity may be characterized as a business,
which is irrelevant, but whether the entity acts as an arm of the tribe so that
its activities are properly deemed to be those of the tribe. Gold Country
Casino, 464 F.3d at 1046.





n138  Patrice H. Kunesh, Tribal Self-Determination in the Age of Scarcity, 54
S.D. L. REV. 398, 399 (2009) (citations omitted).





n139  Id. at 402. For a collection of cases and their conclusions regarding
various entities, see id. at 402-03 nn.29, 31.





n140  Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d at 1046.





n141  Id. (quoting 25 U.S.C. § 2702(1)).





n142  Petition for Review and Stay at 17, MTE Fin. Servs., Inc., v. Alameda
County Super. Ct., No. S194110 (Cal. June 20, 2011), 2011 WL 2707079, at *17
(quoting the trial judge from trial transcript).





n143  See supra notes 118-30 and accompanying text (discussing the holding of
Kiowa).





n144  See The Connection Between Indian Tribes and Payday Lending, supra note 72
(briefly describing the partnership between tribes and payday lenders).





n145  See C4T, Huge Victory for the Sovereign Model, Feb. 12, 2012,
http://www.consultants4tribes.com/category/sovereign-model (last visited Mar. 2,
2012) (collecting this and other blog posts related to the sovereign model) (on
file with the Washington and Lee Law Review); PAYDAY LOAN INDUSTRY BLOG,
http://paydayloanindustryblog.com/Payday%20loan%20industry/sovereign-nationmodel
/ (last visited Jan. 12, 2012) (collecting blog posts related to the sovereign
model) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n146  Real Parties in Interest's Answer to MTE Financial Services, Inc.'s
Petition for Review and Request for Stay at 4, No. S194110 (Cal. June 23, 2011),
2011 WL 2907024, at *4 ("Verified discovery responses in this case supplied by
another defendant, Processing Solutions, LLC, states that MTE received between
1% and 2% of the total loan revenue.").





n147  Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, 25 U.S.C.A. §§ 2701-2721 (2012).





n148  Id. § 2710(b)(4).





n149  Id. § 2711(7).





n150  Kiowa clarified that sovereign immunity applies to off-reservation tribal
commercial enterprises, but involved a suit against the tribe itself, and did
not outline a test to determine when a tribally created entity qualifies as an
arm of the tribe.





n151  See supra Part V.A.





n152  Breakthrough Mgmt. Grp., Inc. v. Chukchansi Gold Casino & Resort, 629 F.3d
1173, 1181 (10th Cir. 2010). In this case, the Court applied a test that
included these factors for determining whether a tribal economic entity
qualifies as "subordinate to the tribe," so as to share in the tribe's sovereign
immunity: (1) the method of creation of the entity; (2) its purpose; (3) its
structure, ownership, and management, including the amount of control the tribe
exercises over the entity; (4) the tribe's intent with respect to the sharing of
the soverign immunity; (5) the financial relationship between the tribe and the
entity; and (6) whether the purposes of tribal sovereign immunity are served by
granting the entity immunity. Id.





n153  Ameriloan v. Super. Ct., 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572 (Cal. Ct. App. 2008).





n154  Id. at 581-82.





n155  Id. at 582.





n156  Id.





n157  Id.





n158  Id. at 585 (quoting Trudgeon v. Fantasy Springs Casino, 84 Cal. Rptr. 2d.
65, 69 (Cal. Ct. App. 1999)).





n159  Id. (quoting Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians v. Super. Ct., 52 Cal.
Rptr. 3d 659, 665 (Cal. 2006)).





n160  Id. at 586 n.10.





n161  Id. at 585.





n162  Id. at 586 (citing Allen v. Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d 1044, 1046 (9th
Cir. 2006); Redding Rancheria v. Super. Ct., 105 Cal. Rptr. 2d 773, 776 (Cal.
Ct. App. 2001); Trudgeon v. Fantasy Springs Casino, 84 Cal. Rptr. 2d. 65, 68
(Cal. Ct. App. 1999)).





n163  Id.





n164  Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans v. State, 242 P.3d 1099 (Colo. 2010)
(en banc).





n165  See id. at 1110 (adopting three factors from the federal courts of appeal
and noting that the Colorado Court of Appeal's eleven factor test was "contrary
to federal in some respects").





n166  Id. at 1103.





n167  State ex rel. Suthers v. Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans, 205 P.3d
389, 403-05 (Colo. App. 2008).





n168  Id. at 405-06. The Washington Supreme Court case from which the
eleven-factor test was taken by the lower court is Wright v. Colville Tribal
Enterprise Corp., 147 P.3d 1275 (Wash. 2006).





n169  Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans, 242 P.3d at 1111. The two factors
that were explicitly rejected were: "(2) whether the purposes of Cash Advance
and Preferred Cash are similar to the Tribes' purposes;" and "(9) the announced
purposes of Cash Advance and Preferred Cash." Id. at 1105. Another notable
factor that was jettisoned was "(10) whether Cash Advance and Preferred Cash
manage or exploit tribal resources." Id.





n170  Id. at 1110.





n171  See id. at 1110 n.11. ("We prefer an approach that recognizes, without
diminishing, the inherent nature of tribal sovereignty.").





n172  Id. at 1113. The Colorado Supreme Court affirmed that sovereign immunity
is a matter of subject matter jurisdiction rather than an affirmative defense,
and thus that, as a result, the state must prove by a preponderance of evidence
that the tribes are not entitled to sovereign immunity. Id.





n173  Amended Order, State of Colorado v. Cash Advance, Case No. 05CV1143, on
remand, Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans v. State, 242 P.3d 1099 (Colo. 2010)
(en banc) (on file with Washington and Lee Law Review).





n174  Id. at 11.





n175  Id. (citing Cabazon Band of Mission Indians v. Riverside Cnty., 783 F.2d
900, 901 (9th Cir. 1986), aff'd sub. nom. California v. Cabazon Band of Mission
Indians, 480 U.S. 202 (1987) (noting with approval that the tribal business was
"operated by non-Indian professional operators, who receive a percentage of the
profits").





n176  Id. at 12. The court uses the phrase "trapped in the present." Id.





n177  Id.





n178  Doing business as, respectively, "Cash Advance" and "Preferred Cash Loans.
" Id. at 5.





n179  Id. at 13-14.





n180  Id. at 15. Documents placed before the court indicated that the tribe
chooses MNE's board of directors, that two of the three directors must be
members, and that the Business Committee hired the CEO. Id.





n181  Id at 16. Here, the court points to economic benefits to the tribe from
the businesses.





n182  Id. at 18-23.





n183  Id. at 20-21 (noting that ownership could be inferred from the fact that
Mr. Tucker put up all of the capital for the businesses, providing $ 3 million
to one entity and $ 5 million to another). Both agreements called for 1% of the
gross to go to the tribes, with a monthly minimum of $ 20,000. It should be
noted that Judge Hoffman originally issued an order based on a misunderstanding
that the tribes received 99% of the profits from Tucker. Judge Hoffman
acknowledged the error in his amended order. He noted that the State's sham
argument was "closer as a factual matter" under the actual arrangements, but
remained unproven. Further, the court said that "even if they were [sham
owners,] that characterization would not displace tribal immunity." Id. at 1-2
n.1.





n184  Id. at 21.





n185  Id.





n186  Id.





n187  Id at 22.





n188  Id.





n189  Id.





n190  See Petition for Review and Stay at 5, MTE Fin. Servs., Inc., v. Super.
Ct., No. S194110 (Cal. June 20, 2011), 2011 WL 2707079, at *5 (seeking review
"to settle an important question related to whether Indian tribal sovereign
immunity is dependent upon the type of 'tribal business venture'").





n191  Ameriloan is binding precedent on this point. See supra notes 154-64 and
accompanying text (discussing the Ameriloan holding).





n192  See Real Parties in Interest's Answer to MTE Financial Services, Inc.'s
Petition for Review and Request for Stay, supra note 146, at *3-4.





n193  Compare id. at *4 (arguing that arm-of-the-tribe analysis necessitates an
investigation of the money trail in this case), with Petition for Review and
Stay, supra note 190, at 18 (arguing against the trial court's order allowing
Plaintiffs to "follow the money").





n194  Real Parties in Interest's Answer to MTE Financial Services, Inc.'s
Petition for Review and Request for Stay, supra note 192, at *4.





n195  Id. at *12.





n196  Id. at *12-13.





n197  Petition for Review and Stay, supra note 190, at *18.





n198  Id. at *4-5.





n199  Id. at *9.





n200  See WESTERN SKY FINANCIAL, http://www.westernsky.com (last visited Jan.
12, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).


     Western Sky Financial is owned wholly by an individual Tribal Member
     of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe and is not owned or operated by the
     Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe or any of its political subdivisions.
     WESTERN SKY FINANCIAL is a Native American business operating within
     the exterior boundaries of the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation, a
     sovereign nation located within the United States of America

.





n201  See supra notes 154-64 and accompanying text (discussing Ameriloan v.
Super. Ct., 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572 (Cal. Ct. App. 2008)).





n202  See supra note 172 and accompanying text (discussing the notion that
tribal immunity is a question of jurisdiction and noting the burden of proof
rests on the party challenging immunity).





n203  See Allen v. Gold Country Casino, 464 F.3d 1044, 1046 (9th Cir. 2006)
(explaining that when an entity acts as an arm of the tribe, its "activities are
properly deemed to be those of the tribe," and providing examples of entities
found to be acting as an arm of the tribe).





n204  Sam Deloria, Tassie Hanna & Chuck Trimble, The Commission on State-Tribal
Relations: Enduring Lessons in the Modern State-Tribal Relationship 38 (August
2, 2011) (unpublished manuscript) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law
Review).





n205  Id. at 18-19.





n206  Id. at 38.





n207  See Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 757-58 (1998). The
fact that this might be seen as undermining the presumed congressional rationale
is not an argument for a court's allowing suit against a tribal entity engaged
in payday lending. The statement in Kiowa was dicta, but the holding is firm: a
tribal entity--commercial or not, and regardless of whether the activity takes
place outside of the reservation--shares in the tribe's sovereign immunity. Id.
at 760. The analysis focuses on the relationship between the tribe and the
entity, and cannot judge the type of activity in which the entity is engaged.





n208  Deloria et al., supra note 204, at 15-20; Florey, supra note 80, at
603-13.





n209  See Florey, supra note 80, at 640 (explaining that tribal immunity is one
of the few robust protections remaining for tribal sovereignty).





n210  See id. at 625 (recounting that Congress declined to restrict sovereign
immunity, and that the Supreme Court has also not made any efforts to do so);
see also Andrea M. Seielstad, The Recognition and Evolution of Tribal Sovereign
Immunity Under Federal Law, 37 TULSA L. REV. 661, 665-666 (2002) (discussing the
development of federal policy with respect to tribal immunity and the Court's
deference to the legislative and executive branches in this policy area).





n211  See Madison Cnty., New York v. Oneida Indian Nation, 131 S. Ct. 704, 704
(2011) (remanding to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit the question of
whether the Oneida nation had waived its sovereign immunity).





n212  Id. at 704.





n213  Petition for Writ of Certiorari at ii, Reed v. Gutierrez, (No. 10-1390),
2011 WL 1821576 (2011), available at
http://www.narf.org/sct/reedvgutierrez/petition_for_cert.pdf.





n214  See supra notes 112-15 and accompanying text. The dissent points out that
tribal sovereign immunity doctrine is "unjust" as applied to off-reservation
commercial conduct and that sovereigns should "be held accountable for their
unlawful, injurious conduct." Kiowa, 523 U.S. at 765-66.





n215  Seielstad, supra note 210, at 711.





n216  See, e.g., CBS Evening News: How "Payday" Lenders Pull Off Crippling Rates
(CBS television broadcast Sept. 26, 2011), available at
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2011/09/26/eveningnews/main20111913.shtml.





n217  See Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 44 (1831).





n218  Brick and mortar payday lenders, who, as a whole, tenaciously fought
regulation, now view tribally-affiliated lenders who are able to avoid
regulation as a significant threat. Cf. Wayne Greene, Regulators in Dispute Over
Internet Payday Loans by Tribes, TULSA WORLD (Oct. 25, 2011),
http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx?subjectid=336&articleid=20111025_16_
A1_Intern472461&r=2667 (last visited Feb. 5, 2012) (explaining the difficulties
of regulating tribal lenders and the impact of tribal businesses on non-tribal
lenders) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n219  Seielstad, supra note 210, at 711.





n220  See Federal Trade Commission, About the Bureau of Consumer Protection
(Jun. 16, 2009), http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/about.shtm (last visited Feb. 5, 2012)
(on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n221  Id.





n222  See, e.g., Federal Trade Commission, About the Bureau of Consumer
Protection, Division of Marketing Practices (Oct. 23, 2007),
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/bcpmp.shtm (last visited Feb. 5, 2012) (explaining
enforcement efforts against telemarketing fraud) (on file with the Washington
and Lee Law Review); Federal Trade Commission, About the Bureau of Consumer
Protection, Division of Privacy and Identity Protection (Oct. 23, 2007),
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/bcppip.shtm (last visited Feb. 5, 2012) (outlining some
of the Commission's approach to combating identity theft) (on file with the
Washington and Lee Law Review); Federal Trade Commission, About the Bureau of
Consumer Protection, Who Cares: Sources of Information About Healthcare Products
and Services, Assisted Living and Nursing Homes,
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/whocares/nursinghomes.shtm (last visited
Feb. 5, 2012) (offering resources to assess services provided by nursing homes)
(on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n223  Areas of principal concern for the FTC are: advertising and marketing,
financial products and practices, telemarketing fraud, privacy and identity
protection. See, e.g., supra note 221 and accompanying text; see also Michael D.
Scott, The FTC, The Unfairness Doctrine, and Data Security Breach Litigation:
Has the Commission Gone Too Far?, 60 ADMIN. L. REV. 127, 133 (2008).





n224  Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C.A. §§ 41-58 (2012).





n225  See FTC Action Halts Allegedly Illegal Tactics of Payday Lending Operation
That Attempted to Garnish Consumers' Paychecks, Federal Trade Commission (Sept.
12, 2011), http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2011/09/payday.shtm (last visited Jan. 25,
2012) (recounting recent FTC suits against payday lenders who illegally
attempted to garnish borrowers' wages) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law
Review).





n226  Id.





n227  See id. The FTC alleges that these lenders illegally revealed consumers'
unproven debts to their employers and deprived consumers of their right to
dispute the debts or make payment arrangements. Id. The complaint further
alleges that lenders misrepresented to employers that the defendants are legally
authorized to garnish an employee's wages, without first obtaining a court
order; falsely represented to employers that the defendants have notified
consumers about the pending garnishment and have given them an opportunity to
dispute the debt; unfairly disclosed the existence and the amounts of consumers'
supposed debts to employers and co-workers without the consumers' knowledge or
consent; violated the FTC's Credit Practices Rule by requiring consumers taking
out payday loans to consent to have wages taken directly out of their paychecks
in the event of a default; and violated the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and
Regulation E by requiring authorization for electronic payments from their bank
account as a condition of obtaining payday loans. Id.





n228  This assumes that federal agencies have the power to regulate tribes, an
issue about which there is current disagreement. For example, in a case dealing
with the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), administered by the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, see Donovan v. Navajo Forest
Products Industries, 692 F.2d 709 (10th Cir. 1982) (holding that OSHA was not
applicable to the Navajo in derogation of the treaty-granted exclusivity) and
Department of Labor v. Occupational Safety and Health Review Comm'n, 935 F.2d
182 (9th Cir.1991) (holding the opposite with regards to a sawmill owned by the
Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs).





n229  This section of the Article borrows extensively from Nathalie Martin,
Regulating Payday Loans: Why This Should Make the CFPB'S Short List, 2 HARV.
BUS. L. REV. ONLINE 44 (2011).





n230  See Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, H.R. 4173,
Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (July 21, 2010).





n231  This is not altogether clear. Under the Constitution, Congress is granted
power over Indian affairs. Congress is, of course, the legislative branch,
whereas the CPFB--and all agencies--are created by Congress but fall under the
executive branch. At times, the courts have claimed that even Congress must be
explicit in its intention to abrogate tribal sovereign immunity. See Santa Clara
Pueblo v. Martinez, 436 U.S. 49 (1978). At other times, it seems that the
presumption is that congressional Acts of general applicability are applicable
to Native Americans. See Donovan v. Coeur d'Alene Tribal Farm, 751 F.2d 1113
(9th Cir. 1985). With regard to regulatory agencies: the EPA, for instance, has
been authorized by Congress through specific amendments to treat tribes as
states with regard to most environmental statutes. In short, the question is
what Congress has said in the Dodd--Frank Act itself, and how explicitly
Congress said it. See Dodd--Frank Act. § 1024 (a)(1). If the CFPB's regulations
are strongly pro-consumer (and after all, the purpose of the agency is to
protect consumers), preemption of state laws should become less of an issue
because the federal laws will be more rather than less protective that state
laws. See Jared Elosta, Dynamic Federalism and Consumer Financial Protection:
How the Dodd--Frank Act Changes the Preemption Debate, 89 N.C. L. REV. 1273,
1273, 1286-87. Moreover, if a state law is more protective, the CFPB regulation
will not preempt it. Id.





n232  See 12 U.S.C. § 5511(b)(2); see also H.R. 4173 § 1021(b)(2).





n233  12 U.S.C.A. § 5512(a) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1022(a). The CFPB has become the
administrator for all "federal consumer financial laws," which include nearly
every existing federal consumer financial statute, as well as new consumer
financial protection mandates prescribed by the Act. 12 U.S.C.A. § 5481(14)
(2012); see also H.R. 4173 § 1002(14). Thus, the CFPB has the exclusive
authority to promulgate regulations, issue orders, and provide guidance to
administer the federal consumer financial laws.





n234  12 U.S.C.A. § 5512(c)(1) (2012); see also H.R. 4173 § 1022(c)(2)(A).





n235  12 U.S.C.A. § 5512(c)(4)(B)(i) (2012); 12 U.S.C.A. § 5516(b), (c) (2012);
12 U.S.C.A. § 5531 (2012); see also H.R. 4173 §§ 1022(c)(4)(B)(1), 1026(b), (c),
1031.





n236  12 U.S.C.A. § 5536 (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1036; see also 12 U.S.C.A. §
5481(6) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1002(6) (defining a "covered person" as "(A) any
person that engages in offering or providing a consumer financial product or
service; and (B) any affiliate of a person described in subparagraph (A) if such
affiliate acts as a service provider to such person."). A "service provider" is
a person that provides a material service to a covered person in connection with
the offering or provision of a consumer financial product or service. 12
U.S.C.A. § 5481(26) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1002(26). Service providers also may be
subject to CFPB supervision. 12 U.S.C.A. § 5514(e) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1024(e).
Under the Act, "person" "means an individual, partnership, company, corporation,
association (incorporated or unincorporated), trust, estate, cooperative
organization, or other entity." 12 U.S.C.A. § 5481(19) (2012); H.R. 4173 §
1002(19).





n237  12 U.S.C.A. § 5531(a) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1031(a).





n238  12 U.S.C.A. § 5531(c)(1) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1031(c)(1). Because this is a
consumer protection statute, even the benefit to competition must benefit
consumers.





n239  12 U.S.C.A. § 5531(d)(1) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1031(d)(1).





n240  See 12 U.S.C.A. § 5531(d)(2) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1031(d)(2). The CFPA does
not define the term "deceptive," so the meaning of "deceptive" may be construed
under § 5 of the FTC Act and the regulations and other guidance of the FTC. 15
U.S.C.A. § 45(a)(4)(A) (2012). The Senate report states that the existing law
prohibits unfair and deceptive practices, suggesting that the term is used with
the same meaning here. S. Rep. No. 111-176 (2010).





n241  Michael B. Mierzewski, Beth S. DeSimone, Jeremy W. Hochberg & Brian P.
Larkin, The Dodd--Frank Act Establishes the Bureau of Consumer Financial
Protection as the Primary Regulator of Consumer Financial Products and Services,
127 BANKING L. J. 722, 730 (2010).





n242  Id.





n243  Id. Covered persons and their service providers are also required to
maintain and share information about their practices with the CFPB. 12 U.S.C.A.
§ 5536(a)(2) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1036(a)(2). Furthermore, "[a]ny person" who
knowingly or recklessly provides "substantial assistance" to covered persons and
service providers who violate these prohibitions will be equally liable for the
violation. See 12 U.S.C.A. § 5536(a)(3) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1036(a)(3).
Disclosures must be provided not just at the time of the initial loan, but over
the term of the relationship, and these disclosures must allow consumers "to
understand the costs, benefits, and risks associated with the product or
service." 12 U.S.C.A. § 5532(a) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1032(a). Form disclosures
must contain "plain language comprehensible to consumers," have "a clear format
and design," explain necessary information "succinctly," and "be validated
through consumer testing." 12 U.S.C.A. § 5532(b)(2)-(3) (2012); H.R. 4173 §
1032(b)(2)-(3). Large fines can be assessed for non-compliance with these
requirements. See 12 U.S.C.A. § 5565(c) (2012); H.R. 4173 § 1055(c).





n244  See, e.g., 12 U.S.C.A. § 5511 (2012) (outlining the purposes and
objectives of the CFPB).





n245  A practice or product is unfair if it is likely to cause substantial
injury to consumers that cannot be reasonably avoided, whenever this substantial
injury is not outweighed by countervailing benefits to consumers or competition.
12 U.S.C.A. § 5531(c) (2012). While consumers could arguably avoid substantial
injury from payday loans by using them less frequently and not rolling them
over, the CFPB could still target payday lenders for unfair or abusive practices
because such lenders rely on tactics that hinder these potential protective
measures by consumers and instead make sure consumers use their products
continuously.





n246  Francis, supra note 25, at 613; see also John P. Caskey, supra note 33, at
3 (noting that payday lenders serve people of lesser means but not the very
poor).





n247  See Martin, supra note 27, at 608-09 (showing that few payday borrowers
said they used the loans for emergency expenses; most used the loans for regular
bills).





n248  See 12 U.S.C.A. § 5531 (2012). A product is abusive if it "materially
interferes with the ability of a consumer to understand a term or condition of a
consumer financial product or service" or "takes unreasonable advantage" of one
of the following: (1) "a lack of understanding on the part of the consumer of
the material risks, costs, or conditions of the product or service"; (2) "the
inability of the consumer to protect the interests of the consumer in selecting
or using a consumer financial product or service"; or (3) "the reasonable
reliance by the consumer on a covered person to act in the interests of the
consumer." Id. § 5531(d). Only one of these three conditions is required to find
an act or product abusive, and in this instance at least two of the three
conditions are satisfied.





n249  There is tremendous subterfuge of the actual terms of payday loans, as is
true in so many consumer-lending contexts today. Yet subterfuge in payday
lending causes more individual harm than subterfuge in other contexts. It is
difficult to calculate the actual costs of these products over time, up front,
given that the loans are short term and interest-only, but usually renewed and
rolled into a new loan.





n250  This is particularly a problem with internet payday loans, in which the
lender often just takes out the interest on the loan automatically, creating no
easy way to pay off the whole loan. See CONSUMER FED'N OF AM., CFA SURVEY OF
ONLINE PAYDAY LOAN WEBSITES 9 (reporting on a 2011 study and stating that online
loans are often structured to automatically withdraw only the finance charge and
continue the loan for another pay cycle). Nor is this a new problem. A 2004
study by the Consumer Federation of America explains how this is done, which was
then described on a government web site:


     Although loans are due on the borrower's next payday, many surveyed
     sites automatically renew the loan, withdrawing the finance charge
     from the borrower's bank account and extending the loan for another
     pay cycle. Sixty-five [of 100] of the surveyed sites permit loan
     renewals with no reduction in principal. At some lenders, consumers
     have to take additional steps to actually repay the loan. After
     several renewals, some lenders require borrowers to reduce the loan
     principal with each renewal.


Robert Longley, Consumers Warned of Online Payday Loan Sites, ABOUT.GOV U.S.
GOVERNMENT INFO,
http://usgovinfo.about.com/od/consumerawareness/a/paydayloans.htm (last visited
Mar. 16, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n251  Regarding the influence of framing, because consumers are used to hearing
interest rates stated in terms of twenty to twenty-five percent, they believe
that twenty percent over two weeks also equals twenty percent per annum.





n252  Additionally, consumers cannot protect their interests because the true
terms of the loans are often hidden from consumers at the point of sale.
Finally, consumers cannot protect their interests because all of the products
are offered under the same or similar unfavorable terms. The market is simply
not working. Considering all of the above, it is hard to picture a product more
likely to fit within these definitions of unfair and abusive than a payday loan.





n253  See, e.g., Electronic Funds Transfer Act, 12 U.S.C. § 1693(a).





n254  Some commentators suspect that the CFPB will focus on store-front payday
lenders while continuing to ignore tribally-affiliated internet lenders. See
Natasha Mayer, The Free-Market Bandits, THE DAILY CALLER (Feb. 23, 2011, 2:58
PM), http://dailycaller.com/2011/02/22/the-free-market-bandits/ (last visited
Feb. 5, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n255  See U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, The Dodd--Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act Benefits Native Americans (Jan. 26, 2011),
http://www.treasury.gov/initiatives/wsr/Pages/Native-Americans.aspx (last
visited Feb. 5, 2012) (on file with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n256  The Treasury memorandum further explains the applicability of the CFPB's
regulations to Native families:


     For Native American families using alternative financial services: The
     Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act establishes, for the
     first time, robust federal supervision and oversight over larger
     alternative financial service companies such as check cashers and
     payday lenders, including on reservations. The CFPB will be able to
     combat abusive practices that harm consumers, helping families avoid
     hidden fees and keep more money in their pocketbooks.

 Id. As for minorities in general, an analysis of the 2007 Survey of Consumer
Finances by the Center for American Progress found that "[t]hirty-eight percent
of families who has borrowed a payday loan within the last year were nonwhite
while just twenty-two percent of families who did not take out such a loan were
nonwhite." Amanda Logan and Christian E. Weller, Who Borrows From Payday
Lenders?: An Analysis of Newly Available Data, CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS
(March 2009), available at
http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2009/03/pdf/payday_lending.pdf. As for
Native Americans specifically, a survey of attendees at a National American
Indian Housing Council meeting found that at least half of respondents believed
that the following alternative financial services were a problem in their
communities: loans against tax refunds (sixty-eight percent), payday loans
(sixty-seven percent), pawn shops (fifty-eight percent), and car title loans
(fifty percent).





n257  Donovan v. Coeur d'Alene Tribal Farm, 751 F.2d 1113 (9th Cir. 1985)
(holding that the OSHA applied to commercial activities carried on by an Indian
tribal farm).





n258  See Florida Paraplegic Ass'n v. Miccosukee Tribe of Indians, 166 F.3d
1126, 1127, 1129-30 (11th Cir. 1999) (applying the Americans with Disabilities
Act to a tribal restaurant and holding that although private suit was barred by
sovereign immunity, the Attorney General of the United States could bring
actions against the tribe); San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino, 475 F.3d 1306
(D.C. Cir. 2007) (construing the National Labor Relations Act as applying to
tribe); Smart v. State Farm Ins. Co., 868 F.2d 929 (7th Cir. 1989) (applying
Employee Retirement Income Security Act to group insurance policy issued to
Indian-owned hospital); Phillips Petroleum Co. v. EPA, 803 F.2d 545, 547 (10th
Cir. 1986) (finding that the Safe Drinking Water Act may be imposed in Indian
country).





n259  Donovan, 751 F.2d at 1115.





n260  Id. at 1114.





n261  Id.





n262  Id. at 1114-15.





n263  Id. at 1115-16.





n264  Id. at 1116 (emphasis added).





n265  Id.





n266  Id.





n267  Id.





n268  Id. (citations omitted).





n269  Id. The tribe also argued that the inspector's presence interfered with
the tribe's immunity, but the Court disagreed. See id. at 1116-17.





n270  Id. at 1117.





n271  Id. at 1117-18.





n272  Id. at 1116.





n273  Id. at 1118.





n274  Id. at 1115-16.





n275  Id. at 1116 (explaining that the tribal self-government exception is
intended to apply to matters such as those listed in the text above).





n276  As the court noted, the regulators would not need to enter reservation
land, but even if they did, this would not be not interference under Coeur
d'Alene. See id. at 1116-17.





n277  See U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, supra note 256.





n278  See WILLIAM C. CANBY, JR., AMERICAN INDIAN LAW IN A NUTSHELL 282-86 (4th
ed. 2004).





n279  See S. Chloe Thompson, Exercising and Protecting Tribal Sovereignty in
Day-to-Day Business Operations: What the Key Players Need to Know, 49 WASHBURN
L.J. 661, 661 (2010).





n280  See id. at 661-662; Kunesh, supra note 138, at 398; Charles Trimble,
Sovereignty for Rent with Payday Loan Businesses, INDIANZ.COM (Mar. 14, 2011),
http://64.38.12.138/News/2011/000756.asp (last visited Feb. 5, 2012) (on file
with the Washington and Lee Law Review).





n281  See Philip P. Frickey, A Common Law for Our Age of Colonialism: The
Judicial Divestiture of Indian Tribal Authority Over Nonmembers, 109 YALE L.J.
1, 7 (1999); David H. Getches, Conquering the Cultural Frontier: The New
Subjectivism of the Supreme Court in Indian Law, 84 Cal. L. Rev. 1573, 1574
(1996); Sarah Krakoff, The Virtues and Vices of Sovereignty, 38 CONN. L. REV.
797, 797 (2006); Kunesh, supra note 138, at 398.





n282  Getches, supra note 281, at 1574.





n283  Thompson, supra note 279, at 661.





n284  Id. at 664-65.





n285  See Kiowa, 523 U.S. at 760-66 (Stevens, J., dissenting).





n286  Id. at 766.





n287  Trimble, supra note 280.





n288  Id.





n289  See Kunesh, supra note 138, at 416; see also Kevin K. Washburn, Tribal
Self-Determination at the Crossroads, 38 CONN. L. REV. 777, 791 (2006)
("Militant and inflexible assertions of tribal sovereignty may be emotionally
satisfying, and they may, frankly, be more consistent with fundamental notions
of truth and justice. But strong expressions of 'sovereignty' seem to come up
hollow in so many Supreme Court cases.").





n290  Another commentator, who represents tribes in various business
enterprises, adds further suggestions and cautions. Recognizing that sovereignty
is more likely challenged when tribes have different laws than the rest of
society, she suggests that when enacting laws, tribes consider enacting laws
similar to those found in the rest of society. See Thompson, supra note 279, at
679-80. Doing so will result in less conflict of laws analyses as well as fewer
overall immunity challenges and thus less risk of further chipping away at
immunity. Id. at 680. Next she recommends that when enacting laws, tribes try to
enact laws that are facially fair and reasonable because this too will reduce
the likelihood that sovereign immunity claims will arise. Id. at 681-82.
Finally, and more relevant here, she recommends that tribes concerned with
protecting immunity think very hard about when such immunity should apply to
non-tribal members. Stating that applying immunity to non-members "increases the
likelihood of challenges to the Tribe's authority," she suggests serious thought
about when to take such actions. Id. at 682. Professor Kunesh advises that any
sovereign immunity be used with "fairness, responsiveness and transparency."
Kunesh, supra note 138, at 416. Noting how fact-specific sovereign immunity can
be, she adds that "in this complex legal and policy-orientated matrix, every
variable matters. The status of the parties and their political and legal
relationship to the tribe, such as tribal member, nonmember, reservation
resident or itinerant patron, business partner or financier must be considered."
Id. at 418.


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2000 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                  1999 / 2000

                           24 Am. Indian L. Rev. 503

LENGTH: 677 words

SPECIAL FEATURE: President Clinton Illuminates the Need for Investment in Native
American Communities *





   * The introductory materials outlining the President's visit to the Pine
Ridge Indian Reservation and his comments to the Oglala Sioux Nation were
provided to the American Indian Law Review by the White House Press Office.

NAME: Jackie Barone **

BIO:



   ** Third-year student, University of Oklahoma College of Law.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Accompanied by corporate executives and economic development leaders,
President Clinton visited the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota, on
July 7, 1999, in effort to highlight the need and potential for new investments
in Native American Communities. ...  His appearance at Pine Ridge coincided with
the launching of the New Markets Initiative and mobilizing corporate America to
recognize the potential of Native American communities. ...  The Enterprise
Foundation is involved in an effort to create the nonprofit Oglala Sioux Tribe
Partnership for Homeownership, providing financial assistance, private-sector
low-cost financing, down-payment assistance, and home ownership counseling.
Various entities have committed to similar home ownership initiatives, while
others have offered assistance to tribal colleges. ...  Let's hope the
initiatives and contributions by our corporate and economic development leaders
provide an impetus toward equal prosperity in our Indian communities.

TEXT:
 [*503]  Accompanied by corporate executives and economic development leaders,
President Clinton visited the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota, on
July 7, 1999, in effort to highlight the need and potential for new investments
in Native American Communities. He is the first sitting President to visit a
reservation since Franklin Roosevelt. While visiting the home of the Oglala
Sioux Nation, the President spoke with residents, visited a housing construction
site, participated in a Presidential proclamation signing ceremony in
recognition of the Pine Ridge Oglala Sioux Empowerment Zone, and spoke to the
people of the Oglala Sioux Nation.

   The purpose of the President's visit was to focus attention on the
infrastructure needs and investment potential of Native American Communities.
The Oglala Sioux Empowerment Zone, created in January 1999, was the first such
zone on Indian tribal land. Empowerment zones receive federal funding, technical
assistance, and employer tax breaks.

   The need for economic development in many Indian communities, such as Pine
Ridge, is evident. In 1997, the Bureau of Indian Affairs reported that the
unemployment rate for the Oglala Sioux on Pine Ridge was seventy-three percent,
a great deal higher than the total figure of fifty percent for Native Americans
nationwide. On Pine Ridge, sixty-three of the population lives below the poverty
line. In addition, the 38,000 people who live on the reservation suffer from
poor health.

   With those staggering statistics in mind, the President wished to reinforce
his commitment to supporting economic development in tribal communities. His
appearance at Pine Ridge coincided with the launching of the New Markets
Initiative and mobilizing corporate America to recognize the potential of Native
American communities. To that end, the President was joined by various high
ranking officials from entities such as: Fannie Mae, PMI Mortgage Foundation,
the Federal Housing Finance Board, and Countrywide Home Loans, among others.
Fannie Mae has entered into an agreement with the Oglala Sioux and Norwest
Mortgage, committing to invest up to $ 3 million over the next five years
through its American Communities Fund. Norwest is providing $ 1.4 million in
loans and will also provide mortgage counseling. The Enterprise Foundation is
involved in an effort to create the  [*504]  nonprofit Oglala Sioux Tribe
Partnership for Homeownership, providing financial assistance, private-sector
low-cost financing, down-payment assistance, and home ownership counseling.
Various entities have committed to similar home ownership initiatives, while
others have offered assistance to tribal colleges. For instance, Gateway
Computer Company has agreed commit $ 50,000 to the Oglala Lakota Community
College in order to develop a curriculum and to teach Indian students data
processing and computer programming. Finally, various federal agencies have set
forth comprehensive plans and strategies to address the infrastructure needs of
Native American communities, in general. Participating agencies include the
Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Federal Communications
Commission, and the Department of Agriculture.

   While the outcome of these initiatives remains to be seen, presidential
support and recognition of the potential offered by Native American communities
is a step in the right direction. For far too long, Native American communities
have been ignored as a potential source of skilled human resources. The naming
of the Pine Ridge Reservation as an Empowerment Zone is a sign that such
communities have been recognized as having the potential to make a positive
contribution toward not only their own well being and success, and the well
being and success of the nation. Native American communities such as Pine Ridge
have, in the past, not shared in the nation's economic prosperity. Let's hope
the initiatives and contributions by our corporate and economic development
leaders provide an impetus toward equal prosperity in our Indian communities.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority & JurisdictionGovernmentsPublic
ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentReal Property LawFinancingMortgages & Other
Security InstrumentsPrivate Mortgage Insurance


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday

Panel suggests new federal agency to solve fair housing issues

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 757 words


Dec. 17--WASHINGTON -- Native Americans across the U.S. have long found that
when they try to get information or secure loans for home buying purposes, they
often receive responses and rates that just aren't as good as their non-Indian
counterparts.

A recent report by the U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development confirmed
those anecdotes, and reported very high levels of discrimination and steering
against American Indian, Black, Latino, Asian and home seekers based on the
experience of paired testers (investigators posing as renters or homebuyers) in
major metropolitan housing markets.

Another study conducted by HUD through the Urban Institute focused on lending
practices to minority homebuyers found they faced a "significant risk of unequal
treatment" when they visited mainstream mortgage lending institutions to make
pre-application inquiries. The homebuyers were told about fewer loan products,
offered less assistance, and denied basic information about loan amount and
house price.

Now, a panel composed of former HUD secretaries and bipartisan civil rights and
housing experts wants to change those kinds of discriminatory practices -- and
HUD's lack of progress in curbing them.

To that end, the National Commission on Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity on
Dec. 9 called for policymakers to create new government agency for housing in a
report titled, "The Future of Fair Housing." Discrimination toward Native
Americans is mentioned within the document.

According to the report, which summarizes findings of the panel's six-month
investigation into the state of fair housing in the U.S., a new office is needed
to address "the longstanding and systemic problems with fair housing
enforcement" at HUD.

"We recommend that preparation begin immediately to support the establishment of
an independent fair housing enforcement agency that can provide the country with
a powerful force that supports fairness and fair housing choice in a unified and
systemic way," said the report.

The recommendation comes at a time when many tribal housing agencies have
expressed intense criticism of HUD's operations. Over 30 reservation-based
housing agencies are currently suing the department to recover money that the
federal agency had allocated to tribal housing programs and then took back after
conducting internal financial audits.

"In each of the very different cities we visited, we heard the same thing: the
system is broken," said former HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros during a press
conference in which the report was released.

Housing experts on the panel were generally optimistic that President-elect
Barack Obama would support their recommendation upon taking office.

"I think there is ample support -- certainly among transition officials and in
Congress," said Wade Henderson, president of the Leadership Conference on Civil
Rights, at the press conference.

Henderson believes it is "quite likely" that Obama's administration will set up
the new agency. As of press time, Obama had yet to name a new HUD secretary.

According to the authors of the report, "Housing discrimination distorts the
real estate market in ways that both harm home seekers and frustrate the clear
majority of real estate professionals who work hard to practice fair housing in
their day-to-day business.

"When rates of discrimination are high it is difficult for those who are strong
supporters of fair housing to function efficiently in the marketplace."

The report also notes that the Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in
housing based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability and
familial status.

The government's enforcement process of the law generally begins when an
individual files a discrimination complaint with either HUD's Office of Fair
Housing and Equal Opportunity or a state or local governmental fair housing
enforcement agency.

Many of these complaints result from referrals by private nonprofit fair housing
organizations, which conduct testing and investigate claims of housing
discrimination.

The complete report can be found at
http://civilrights.org/publications/reports/fairhousing/.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081217-IC-FAIR-HOUSING-20081217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 5, 1998

Group Effort for Choctaw Indians

BYLINE: BY KIM RENAY ANDERSON

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: New York


Freddie Mac, PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. and Washington Mutual have joined forces
to launch a $ 10 million homeownership initiative with the Choctaw Indian nation
in Oklahoma.

This program, the Choctaw Homebuyers Advantage Program (CHAP), will allow
Choctaw citizens to make a downpayment of as little as 1% on the purchase of a
home.

In addition, this program will use funds available under the 1996 Native
American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA).  The core
function of this act is to encourage affordable housing opportunities on and off
Native American territories.

The program is based on a model the financing parties have with the neighboring
Chicksasw Nation, which has closed seven loans so far.

According to Judy Allen, Choctaw Nation spokesperson and editor of the Choctaw
paper, Bishinik, prior to CHAP's existence, Choctaw tribal members who lived in
the ten and a half counties that make up the southeast quarter of Oklahoma were
only able to take advantage of housing programs implemented to benefit the
tribal members.

CHAP will give Choctaw tribe members statewide an opportunity to take advantage
of the low downpayment.

The Choctaw Nation, based in Oklahoma, is the third largest Native American
tribe, with roughly 110,000 members.  However, current guidelines to qualify for
affordable housing programs disqualify some members who are middle income.

"Many young couples are middle income and just barely getting by and are not
able to meet HUD guidelines," said Assistant Chief Mike Bailey.  He strongly
believes CHAP was a very good "progressive" move on the part of the Choctaw
Chief and Chief Tribal Counsel.  It is speculated that this program will aid
more than 200 borrowers, who can take advantage of this program regardless of
their income level.

These borrowers will have the opportunity to purchase rehabilitation or
refinance mortgage financing.

"We know we are going to have many applications," he said, "It will serve many
Choctaw members."

Chief Bailey emphasized the fact that this program will give his nation members,
"something to show for their investment." CHAP will allow owner occupied
single-family homes at low downpayments.  Also, borrowers will qualify for
mortgages with "nontraditional credit sources." Borrowers will have the choice
of using their mortgage to finance a newly constructed home or renovating a
single-family home.  A 3% downpayment is the norm, but CHAP will allow a 1%
downpayment.

As a result, the closing costs of a home along with the remaining 2% will come
from "a revolving loan fund offered by the Choctaw Nation."

"As money comes back into the fund," says Chief Bailey, "we will be able to
build additional housing." According to Chief Gregory E. Pyle, CHAP will go into
effect immediately throughout Oklahoma with expectations to be "fully
implemented" as soon as October.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Signing the Memorandum of Understanding are Dustan Shepherd
(First American Mortgage Co.) Jean Garrison (PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.) Choctaw
Nation Chief Gregory E. Pyle, Jackie Pryor (Freddie Mac) and Lana Hick (PMI).

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday

Gun Lake seals financing with Goldman Sachs

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1102 words


July 28--BRADLEY, Mich. - The Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish Band of Pottawatomi
Indians has met the latest in a long history of challenges.

After months of seeking permanent financing to complete construction of the Gun
Lake Casino, named after the tribe's English name, Tribal Council Chairman D.K.
Sprague announced July 20 that it has secured $165 million in financing through
the investment banking and securities firm Goldman Sachs.

The tribe broke ground for the casino at its 147-acre reservation last
September, but construction slowed when the economy made it difficult to find
permanent financing for the project. Gun Lake announced last January that it was
seeking $160 million to complete the project.

"Securing this loan is another significant achievement in our tribal
government's effort to become economically self-sufficient. This development
ensures badly needed jobs and services for our tribal citizens, and our
neighbors in the local community," Sprague said.

"With this loan, we are confident we can quickly build a state-of-the-art
facility that will be competitive with any casino in western Michigan. We look
forward to providing a great entertainment experience."

The $165 million loan, which was arranged by Goldman Sachs, carries a 12 percent
interest rate for a term of five years. The tribe has the option of paying off
the loan after the third year.

It was difficult finding a lender and conditions that the tribe felt were in its
interest, said John L. Shagonaby, the CEO of the Gun Lake Tribal Gaming
Authority, and former tribal council members, treasurer and vice chairman.

"The credit markets have been choppy, to say the least, and with the recession,
we actually downsized the casino because of it. We finally secured the permanent
financing, which was something we always had to do, but we also wanted to make
sure it was the right deal for the tribe, so that took a little bit longer."

Over the past year, the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation has struggled to
restructure a $2.3 billion debt and the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa Indians of Wisconsin defaulted on a $50 million bond agreement. The
potential - and actual - defaults on loans didn't help.

"That is very true. The last major deal was the Firekeepers Casino in Michigan
and with the whole Lac du Flambeau case and some tribes actually in default of
the covenant, Native Americans are lumped in together whether we like it or not.
So, when the lenders hear of some tribes doing this, we get so much more
scrutiny. But today is a good day. We're moving forward with the casino and
we're just happy to reach this milestone," Shagonaby said.

He called the interest rate "reasonable. I guess it's a little on the high end,
but when you look at it, we're a start up casino and there's a risk associated
with that, and so that's what the market came back to us with and that's where
the deal ended up," Shagonaby said.

The term loan is a lot more flexible in paying down debt than a bond, he noted.

Both the Firekeepers Casino in Battle Creek, Mich., owned by the Nottawaseppi
Huron Band of the Potawatomi and the Four Winds Casino Resort in New Buffalo,
owned by the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians are financed with bonds, which
restrict the ways in which they can be repaid.

"So, we feel that it's a good fit for Gun Lake Tribe and that's one thing we
really wanted. As far as the rate of interest, we're right in the middle of Four
Winds and Firekeepers' interest rates," Shagonaby said.

Construction has continued over the months at a slower pace, but will now
continue at full capacity until the project is complete. The building is
enclosed and currently an on-site water treatment plant is under construction.
Roadwork to enhance freeway access to the site is nearly complete. Tradesmen
currently on-site include plumbers and pipefitters, electricians, carpenters and
sheet metal works. A total of 750 construction jobs will be created during the
course of construction of Phase 1 and 600 direct jobs will be created when the
casino opens.

The tribe has set up a Web site - www.gunlakecasino.com - where job applications
and more information are available.

The 87,000-square-foot casino is less than half the size originally planned. The
original Phase 1 included 2,500 slot machines; that number is now 1,400. The
plan was scaled down because of the downturn in the economy, but the tribe hopes
to get back to the original Phase 1 at some point.

"We're going to open the newest entertainment facility in western Michigan. We
want to make it the best and we'll realize a lot of dreams people have had over
the years, and we'll see what happens," Shagonaby said.

Those dreams have been deferred for a long time. The tribe was landless when it
received federal acknowledgment in 1998. It spent the next 10 years fighting
various anti-Indian and anti-Indian casino groups' attempts through state and
federal courts to prevent the Interior Department from taking the 147 acres into
trust.

Gun Lake was the last tribe to receive land into trust under the Indian
Reorganization Act before the U.S. Supreme Court issued its controversial
Carcieri ruling in the winter of 2009 saying that the Interior secretary does
not have authority to take land into trust for tribes that were not federally
recognized at the time of the IRA in 1934.

David Patchak, one of the tribe's opponents, filed a petition with the U.S.
Supreme Court in May seeking review of a lower court decision denying his
challenge against Gun Lake receiving trust land.

The high court will decide whether or not to take up the case in the fall.

PHASE I DETAILS

--1,400 slot machines.

--36 table games.

--Entertainment lounge.

--Casino bar.

--600 direct jobs.

--1,000 additional indirect jobs.

--750 construction jobs over the course of construction.

--$30 million annual vendor spending on goods and services.

--60,000 new guest stays at area hotels annually.

--$4.4 million additional revenues for area hotels.

--300-seat 24/7 restaurant.

--Food court with three outlets.

--Approximately $9.1 million annually to state revenue sharing fund.

--Approximately $2.3 million annually to local revenue sharing board.

To see more of the Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100728-IC-CASINO-20100728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2010 Indian Country Today


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Requests for Nominations: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 952  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  Action



 Notice of amended call for nominations.

 Summary



 The USDA announces that it is extending the solicitation period for
applications published in notice FR Doc. 2016-16099 for individuals to be
considered for membership. Candidates who wish to be apply and be considered on
the Council for Native American Farmers and Ranchers must submit an AD-755
application form and resume to the Secretary of Agriculture. Cover letters
should be addressed to the Secretary of Agriculture. The application form can be
found at:

http://www.usda.gov/documents/OCIO_AD_755_Master_2012.pdf.

 Dates



 Submit nominations on or before September 22, 2016.

 Addresses



 All nomination materials should be mailed in a single, complete package and
postmarked by 45 days of this announcement. All nominations for membership
should be sent to: Thomas Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, Attn: Office of Tribal
Relations. Send comments to the Office of Tribal Relations, 500A Whitten
Building, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington DC 20250.

 For Further Information Contact



 Josiah Griffin, Acting Designated Federal Officer, Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching. Email your questions to Josiah Griffin at tribal.
relations@osec.usda.gov or call 202-205-2249.

 Supplementary Information



 In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Council Act (FACA) as
amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2) and with the concurrence of the General Services
Administration, the Department of Agriculture (USDA) is announcing the
re-establishment of the advisory Council for Native American Farmers and
Ranchers (Council). The Council is a discretionary advisory committee that
operates under the provisions of the FACA and reports to the Secretary of
Agriculture. The purpose of this Council is: (1) To advise the Secretary of
Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native American farmers
and ranchers in USDA programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any
changes to regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would
eliminate barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and
ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number of new farming and
ranching opportunities created through enhanced extension, sound conservation
practices, targeted rural business services, and financial literacy services;
(4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate
the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA programs;
(5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching opportunities
for Native American producers; and (6) to address other Native American related
issues as deemed appropriate.



 The Council has 15 members, 11 of whom will be Native American leaders or
persons who represent the interests of Native American tribes or Native American
organizations. The term  "Native American leaders" is not limited to elected
Tribal representatives or members or persons with Native American ancestry. The
remaining four members are the following high-ranking USDA officials: (1)
Director, Office of Tribal Relations; (2) Administrator, Farm Service Agency;
(3) Chief, Natural Resources and Conservation Services; and (4) Assistant
Secretary, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights.



 Members serve without compensation, but may receive reimbursement for travel
expenses and per diem in accordance with USDA travel regulations for attendance
at Council functions. Council members who represent the interests of Native
American farmers and ranchers may also be paid an amount not less than $100 per
day for time spent away from their employment or farming or ranching operation,
subject to the availability of funds. Members may include:



 (1) Native American farmers or ranchers who have participated in USDA loan,
grant, conservation, or payment programs;



 (2) Representatives of organizations with a history of working with Native
American farmers or ranchers;



 (3) Representatives of tribal governments with demonstrated experience working
with Native American farmers or ranchers; and



 (4) Such other persons as the Secretary considers appropriate.



 The Secretary of Agriculture invites those individuals, organizations, and
groups affiliated with the categories listed above or who have knowledge of
issues related to the purpose of the Council to nominate individuals for
membership on the Council. Individuals and organizations who wish to nominate
experts for this or any other USDA advisory committee should submit a letter to
the Secretary listing these individuals' names and business address, phone, and
email contact information. The Secretary of Agriculture seeks a diverse group of
members representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in providing
suggestions and ideas on how USDA can tailor its farm programs to meet the needs
of Native American farmers and ranchers. Individuals receiving nominations will
be contacted and asked to return the AD-755 application form and a resume within
10 business days of notification. All candidates will be vetted and considered
for appointment by the Secretary of Agriculture. Equal opportunity practices
will be followed in all appointments to the Council in accordance with USDA
policies. The Council will meet at least once per fiscal year.

 Dated: August 29, 2016.

 Sedelta Oosahwee,

 Acting Director.

 [FR Doc. 2016-21280 Filed 9-2-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 5, 1999 Friday
                                  City Edition

Loans for homes unused, unknown by tribe members

BYLINE: ERIN MASSEY Medill News Service

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 539 words


WASHINGTON -- In the face of high unemployment and low wages, members of
Nebraska's Omaha tribe can't fathom being able to own their own homes.

But there is opportunity. And a convention in Washington is studying how to
bring it to light.

A 1992 law allows the federal government to guarantee American Indians home
loans made by private lenders. The program is designed to make tribal members
more financially attractive to lenders who have traditionally stayed away.

But most of the Omaha Tribe has never heard of the program -- called Section 184
-- and none of the 6,500 members have ever used it, said Arnie Harlan, of the
Omaha tribal council.

"If that program is in place, the (Bureau of Indian Affairs) does not promote
it," Harlan said. "If they did, a lot more Indians would be using it to buy
homes. Housing is a big problem here."

Denise Bruce, a loan assistant for the bureau's office in Aberdeen, S.D., that
works with Nebraska's tribes, said information on Section 184 was available to
the Omaha members.

"Most do know about the government programs," Bruce said. "We used to have more
kinds of loans, but they have dwindled down some. But whenever they ask, we send
them the information" on the loan guarantee program.

Bruce confirmed that the Omaha tribe did not use the program, although the BIA
can guarantee $1.5 million per tribe and $500,000 per individual. No figures
were available on who uses the loan program.

Bruce said she has worked with members of the Winnebago tribe, who live 80 miles
north of Omaha. Winnebago members were not available for comment this week.

To understand why tribes are not using such programs, more than 400 tribal
leaders met at the National American Indian Housing Council convention in
Washington this week.

"Section 184 has become centralized, bureaucratic," said Chester Carl, the
chairman of the national advocacy group. "It's a tool the banks use as an excuse
not to provide any loan but the guaranteed loans."

Statistics prove it, Carl added. From 1992 to 1996, only 91 conventional
mortgages were made to American Indians, he said. Meanwhile, 40 percent of
tribal housing is considered substandard, a number that is 10 times greater than
the general population's housing conditions.

Rep. Doug Bereuter, who spoke at the convention, said there were problems with
the legal status of reservation land and the BIA's "apparent inability to
oversee and track the leases and the rights to the land involved."

Bruce said the BIA has an extensive records office that keeps track of trust
land. The problems with land status arise when loan applicants try to use land
owned by the tribe as collateral. An applicant needs to be the sole owner to
qualify, Bruce said.

Bereuter told the convention he would propose a commission -- made of 12
members, with eight from federally-recognized Indian tribes -- to study the
BIA's system for handling land ownership records. In a year, the group would
present a report to Congress.

"The questions of land status could be cleared up in the minds of lenders,"
Bereuter said.

Another way to attract lenders is through more information on the benefits of
tribal lending, said Judith A. Kennedy, president of the National Association of
Affordable Housing Lenders.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

While Tempting, Lending Loopholes Could Lead to UDAAP Traps

BYLINE: Ari Karen

SECTION: LAW & REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 181

LENGTH: 520  words


The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau'srecent victory against an online loan
servicerserves as an important lesson both as to the CFPB's expansive use of
Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices and the risks associated with
joint ventures as well as the mini-correspondent model. Lenders that find
loopholes or technicalities contradicting the clear intent and spirit of the
laws are subject to UDAAP - the trump card the CFPB can use at any time.

CashCall Inc. created a subsidiary, WS Funding LLC, organized in and under the
laws of a Native American tribal land. By virtue of being subject to the tribal
land laws, it was able to avoid usury laws of various states, even though
CashCall was otherwise subject to these statutes.

However, according to the ruling from the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California, the manner in which CashCall organized the subsidiary
rendered CashCall the real party with financial interest. For instance, CashCall
provided lines of credit for WS Funding to make payday loans and bought and
serviced all of the loans made by the WS Funding.

Further, CashCall was required to make certain minimum payments to the
subsidiary and it dictated the underwriting terms. CashCall also reimbursed the
subsidiary for marketing and other expenses and provided customer support
services.

The CFPB brought suit alleging that CashCall, and not its wholly owned
subsidiary, was the real party in interest because it ultimately bore the full
economic risk of the loans.

In other words, the subsidiary was from an economic perspective a pass-through
entity with little risk, created solely for the purpose of avoiding state usury
statutes.

Hence, the applicable choice of law was not the tribal land laws as reflected in
the agreements consumers signed, but rather state laws with usury statutes. This
misrepresentation, the CFPB claimed, was an unfair, deceptive act or practice.

The federal court agreed. It determined that CashCall was the de facto lender.
Further, it determined that the borrowers' state of residence had a far greater
interest in the lending activities than the tribal lands' interest therein and
that public policy favored the CFPB's potion.

What is notable about the case is that the CFPB in essence utilized UDAAP to
address what at its core was an effort to circumvent state consumer protection
laws. While in the most technical sense CashCall had legally constructed a means
of avoiding usury statutes, the CFPB effectively blew through this effort by
using UDAAP as a catch-all to address behavior that the CFPB found
impermissible.

More specifically, the Court's analysis on the relationship between CashCall and
its subsidiary should be highly instructive to companies in or considering joint
ventures or mini-correspondent relationships.

When the parent dominates the subsidiary, making the subsidiary little more than
an extension of itself and placing all economic risk on the parent, there is a
legitimate chance that the parent company can be treated as the de facto lender.

Ari Karen is a partner at Offit Kurman and CEO of Strategic Compliance Partners.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            nationalmortgagenews.com

                               September 15, 2016

While Tempting, Lending Loopholes Could Lead to UDAAP Traps

BYLINE: Ari Karen

SECTION: VOICES Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 520  words


The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau'srecent victory against an online loan
servicerserves as an important lesson both as to the CFPB's expansive use of
Unfair, Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices and the risks associated with
joint ventures as well as the mini-correspondent model. Lenders that find
loopholes or technicalities contradicting the clear intent and spirit of the
laws are subject to UDAAP - the trump card the CFPB can use at any time.

CashCall Inc. created a subsidiary, WS Funding LLC, organized in and under the
laws of a Native American tribal land. By virtue of being subject to the tribal
land laws, it was able to avoid usury laws of various states, even though
CashCall was otherwise subject to these statutes.

However, according to the ruling from the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California, the manner in which CashCall organized the subsidiary
rendered CashCall the real party with financial interest. For instance, CashCall
provided lines of credit for WS Funding to make payday loans and bought and
serviced all of the loans made by the WS Funding.

Further, CashCall was required to make certain minimum payments to the
subsidiary and it dictated the underwriting terms. CashCall also reimbursed the
subsidiary for marketing and other expenses and provided customer support
services.

The CFPB brought suit alleging that CashCall, and not its wholly owned
subsidiary, was the real party in interest because it ultimately bore the full
economic risk of the loans.

In other words, the subsidiary was from an economic perspective a pass-through
entity with little risk, created solely for the purpose of avoiding state usury
statutes.

Hence, the applicable choice of law was not the tribal land laws as reflected in
the agreements consumers signed, but rather state laws with usury statutes. This
misrepresentation, the CFPB claimed, was an unfair, deceptive act or practice.

The federal court agreed. It determined that CashCall was the de facto lender.
Further, it determined that the borrowers' state of residence had a far greater
interest in the lending activities than the tribal lands' interest therein and
that public policy favored the CFPB's potion.

What is notable about the case is that the CFPB in essence utilized UDAAP to
address what at its core was an effort to circumvent state consumer protection
laws. While in the most technical sense CashCall had legally constructed a means
of avoiding usury statutes, the CFPB effectively blew through this effort by
using UDAAP as a catch-all to address behavior that the CFPB found
impermissible.

More specifically, the Court's analysis on the relationship between CashCall and
its subsidiary should be highly instructive to companies in or considering joint
ventures or mini-correspondent relationships.

When the parent dominates the subsidiary, making the subsidiary little more than
an extension of itself and placing all economic risk on the parent, there is a
legitimate chance that the parent company can be treated as the de facto lender.

Ari Karen is a partner at Offit Kurman and CEO of Strategic Compliance Partners.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 21, 1997

Norwest Closes S.D.'s First Mortgage on Trust Lands Under Sec. 184

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: Pierre, SD


Norwest Mortgage Inc. has closed South Dakota's first mortgages on trust lands
under HUD's Section 184 Indian Home Loan Guarantee Program, which is designed to
increase homeownership opportunities for Native Americans.

"In South Dakota, and nationwide, it's brand new, so the sky could be the
limit," said Dick Groeger, Norwest's branch manager here, during a July 15 press
conference.

Norwest closed South Dakota's first Section 184 loan in March and, to date, has
closed four of the loans.

Individual borrowers, as well as tribal or housing authorities, can obtain the
financing.

The maximum in South Dakota is $ 122,000 and up to 41% of a borrower's gross
income can be used for housing or other recurring debt.

Norwest has hired an account executive to manage the program.

"Since we closed the first one in March, Norwest has tried to communicate the
program to those who qualify," Mr. Groeger said.

"To get information out is our main goal right now.  Where we're going is to
educate the state of South Dakota.  It can be for deeded or Indian trust land,"
he added.

Willy Kendal -- the tribal chairman of the Rosebud Reservation in Mission, S.D.
-- put the significance of the program in perspective.

"Before this, you were either down at the bottom end of the spectrum, or you may
be just over HUD income levels," Mr. Kendal said.

"This allows people to own a home," he said.

Section 184 was established in 1992 under the Housing and Community Development
Act.

But lenders were hesitant regarding the program, according to Mr. Groeger,
because the loans were not being purchased in the secondary market.

That changed last year when Fannie Mae began purchasing the loans.

Under the program, Native Americans can obtain financing for: the acquisition of
existing housing; the acquisition and rehabilitation of existing housing; the
rehabilitation of existing housing; and the construction of new housing,
including manufactured homes.

Approximately 270 Section 184 loans have been closed since the program's
inception.

"The program is here for the people now," said Section 184 participant Walter
Hernandez.

"We wanted them to know it's for real," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Karen Jones and her son, Tyler, enjoy the view from the front
steps of their new home in Lower Brule, S.D. Jones is the fourth Native American
in the state to obtain home financing using a new program available through
Norwest Mortgage and HUD.

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Re-Establishment of and Notice for Solicitation for the
Council for Native American Farming and Ranching Pages 61181 - 61181 [FR DOC #
2016-21280]

LENGTH: 989  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Re-Establishment of and Notice for Solicitation for
the Council for Native American Farming and Ranching AGENCY: Office of the
Secretary, USDA. ACTION: Notice of amended call for nominations.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The USDA announces that it is extending the solicitation period for applications
published in notice FR Doc. 2016-16099 for individuals to be considered for
membership. Candidates who wish to be apply and be considered on the Council for
Native American Farmers and Ranchers must submit an AD-755 application form and
resume to the Secretary of Agriculture. Cover letters should be addressed to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The application form can be found at:

http://www.usda.gov/documents/OCIO_AD_755_Master_2012.pdf. DATES: Submit
nominations on or before September 22, 2016. ADDRESSES: All nomination materials
should be mailed in a single, complete package and postmarked by 45 days of this
announcement. All nominations for membership should be sent to: Thomas Vilsack,
Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250, Attn: Office of Tribal Relations. Send comments to the
Office of Tribal Relations, 500A Whitten Building, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington DC 20250. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Josiah Griffin, Acting
Designated Federal Officer, Council for Native American Farming and Ranching.
Email your questions to Josiah Griffin at tribal.relations@osec.usda.gov or call
202-205-2249. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the provisions of
the Federal Advisory Council Act (FACA) as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2) and with
the concurrence of the General Services Administration, the Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is announcing the re-establishment of the advisory Council
for Native American Farmers and Ranchers (Council). The Council is a
discretionary advisory committee that operates under the provisions of the FACA
and reports to the Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of this Council is: (1)
To advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of
Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to regulations or internal guidance or
other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for Native
American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number
of new farming and ranching opportunities created through enhanced extension,
sound conservation practices, targeted rural business services, and financial
literacy services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental
cooperation to mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the
delivery of USDA programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming
or ranching opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address
other Native American related issues as deemed appropriate. The Council has 15
members, 11 of whom will be Native American leaders or persons who represent the
interests of Native American tribes or Native American organizations. The term
``Native American leaders'' is not limited to elected Tribal representatives or
members or persons with Native American ancestry. The remaining four members are
the following high-ranking USDA officials: (1) Director, Office of Tribal
Relations; (2) Administrator, Farm Service Agency; (3) Chief, Natural Resources
and Conservation Services; and (4) Assistant Secretary, Office of the Assistant
Secretary for Civil Rights. Members serve without compensation, but may receive
reimbursement for travel expenses and per diem in accordance with USDA travel
regulations for attendance at Council functions. Council members who represent
the interests of Native American farmers and ranchers may also be paid an amount
not less than $100 per day for time spent away from their employment or farming
or ranching operation, subject to the availability of funds. Members may
include: (1) Native American farmers or ranchers who have participated in USDA
loan, grant, conservation, or payment programs; (2) Representatives of
organizations with a history of working with Native American farmers or
ranchers; (3) Representatives of tribal governments with demonstrated experience
working with Native American farmers or ranchers; and (4) Such other persons as
the Secretary considers appropriate. The Secretary of Agriculture invites those
individuals, organizations, and groups affiliated with the categories listed
above or who have knowledge of issues related to the purpose of the Council to
nominate individuals for membership on the Council. Individuals and
organizations who wish to nominate experts for this or any other USDA advisory
committee should submit a letter to the Secretary listing these individuals'
names and business address, phone, and email contact information. The Secretary
of Agriculture seeks a diverse group of members representing a broad spectrum of
persons interested in providing suggestions and ideas on how USDA can tailor its
farm programs to meet the needs of Native American farmers and ranchers.
Individuals receiving nominations will be contacted and asked to return the
AD-755 application form and a resume within 10 business days of notification.
All candidates will be vetted and considered for appointment by the Secretary of
Agriculture. Equal opportunity practices will be followed in all appointments to
the Council in accordance with USDA policies. The Council will meet at least
once per fiscal year. Dated: August 29, 2016. Sedelta Oosahwee, Acting Director.
[FR Doc. 2016-21280 Filed 9-2-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Oklahoma tribe to fight payday lending fines in court

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 474 words


The leader of the Oklahoma-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe and two Internet payday
loan companies it owns have appealed $1.5 million in fines from banking
regulators in Connecticut for making high-interest rate loans to residents
there.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe filed its appeal in the Connecticut Superior
Court, Judicial District of New Britain on Friday. Based in Red Rock in Noble
County, the Otoe-Missouria tribe has about 3,000 members, mostly in Oklahoma.The
tribally owned payday lending companies are an important part of the
Otoe-Missouria's business portfolio that generates new revenue for the tribe,
Heather Payne, a spokeswoman for the tribe, said in a statement."This revenue is
used to provide critical support services for tribal elders, educational
programs for our children and funding for tribal members in financial
emergencies," Payne said. "These entities are also an important source of jobs
in northern Oklahoma.

We will not allow the state of Connecticut to attack our sovereignty, our
community or our most vulnerable members."The Connecticut Department of Banking
earlier this month fined Tribal Chairman John Shotton $700,000 for loans to
Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest rates there. The tribal
payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC
were fined $800,000.Attempts on Friday to reach a representative for the
Connecticut Department of Banking were unsuccessful.The Otoe-Missouria contends
its tribal sovereignty protects the tribe from complying with many state and
federal laws on interest rates and disclosures to borrowers."By attempting to
issue unwarranted and baseless fines against our legal, licensed tribally owned
businesses and our duly elected chairman, the Connecticut Department of Banking
has ignored hundreds of years of legal precedent regarding Native Americans'
sovereign rights," Payne said in a statement. "Today, we appealed the issuance
of these fines on the basis that they violate the sovereignty of our tribe and
its ability to operate as a sovereign nation. We will continue to fight
vigorously against any assault on our tribe, our people and the sovereign rights
of tribal government."The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several American Indian
tribes that have entered the payday lending business in recent years.Earlier
this month, two online payday lending companies affiliated with the Miami Tribe
of Oklahoma settled Federal Trade Commission charges that they broke the law by
charging consumers undisclosed and inflated fees by agreeing to pay $21 million
as well as waive another $285 million in charges that were assessed but not
collected from customers.The Federal Trade Commission is continuing to pursue
similar claims against the online payday lender Red Cedar Services, Inc.,
affiliated with the Oklahoma-based Modoc Tribe.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Oklahoma tribe to fight payday lending fines in court

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 474 words


The leader of the Oklahoma-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe and two Internet payday
loan companies it owns have appealed $1.5 million in fines from banking
regulators in Connecticut for making high-interest rate loans to residents
there.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe filed its appeal in the Connecticut Superior
Court, Judicial District of New Britain on Friday. Based in Red Rock in Noble
County, the Otoe-Missouria tribe has about 3,000 members, mostly in Oklahoma.The
tribally owned payday lending companies are an important part of the
Otoe-Missouria's business portfolio that generates new revenue for the tribe,
Heather Payne, a spokeswoman for the tribe, said in a statement."This revenue is
used to provide critical support services for tribal elders, educational
programs for our children and funding for tribal members in financial
emergencies," Payne said. "These entities are also an important source of jobs
in northern Oklahoma.

We will not allow the state of Connecticut to attack our sovereignty, our
community or our most vulnerable members."The Connecticut Department of Banking
earlier this month fined Tribal Chairman John Shotton $700,000 for loans to
Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest rates there. The tribal
payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC
were fined $800,000.Attempts on Friday to reach a representative for the
Connecticut Department of Banking were unsuccessful.The Otoe-Missouria contends
its tribal sovereignty protects the tribe from complying with many state and
federal laws on interest rates and disclosures to borrowers."By attempting to
issue unwarranted and baseless fines against our legal, licensed tribally owned
businesses and our duly elected chairman, the Connecticut Department of Banking
has ignored hundreds of years of legal precedent regarding Native Americans'
sovereign rights," Payne said in a statement. "Today, we appealed the issuance
of these fines on the basis that they violate the sovereignty of our tribe and
its ability to operate as a sovereign nation. We will continue to fight
vigorously against any assault on our tribe, our people and the sovereign rights
of tribal government."The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several American Indian
tribes that have entered the payday lending business in recent years.Earlier
this month, two online payday lending companies affiliated with the Miami Tribe
of Oklahoma settled Federal Trade Commission charges that they broke the law by
charging consumers undisclosed and inflated fees by agreeing to pay $21 million
as well as waive another $285 million in charges that were assessed but not
collected from customers.The Federal Trade Commission is continuing to pursue
similar claims against the online payday lender Red Cedar Services, Inc.,
affiliated with the Oklahoma-based Modoc Tribe.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Seminoles' rating gets a bump

BYLINE: by Lisa Allen

LENGTH: 998 words


Improvements to tribal governance and financial management played a key role in
a major rating agency's decision to upgrade the Seminole Tribe of Florida into
investment-grade territory, meaning the operator of seven gaming facilities
across the Sunshine State, including two Hard Rock Hotels & Casinos, will be
able to raise capital more cheaply for its debt refinancing efforts.

Fitch Ratings Inc. on Oct. 7 gave the Seminole Tribe's proposed $395 million
incremental term loan B a rating of BBB and upgraded its issuer default rating
to BBB- from BB+. Proceeds from the loan will be used to repay $367 million in
2010 bonds along with related fees that include $21 million in call premiums.
While the old loan and the new one have the same 2017 maturity, the new loan
will cut the tribe's cost of debt service.

Fitch analyst Michael Paladino explained in an Oct. 9 interview that the
Seminole Tribe has improved its governance and fiscal management since a
worrisome period in 2010 when the the tribe violated federal regulations related
to its spending of gaming revenues.

The proposed loan amortizes at 10% per year with a balloon payment of $237
million in 2017. The bulk of the notes it replaces bear interest at 7.75% per
year until their 2017 maturity - $330 million have that interest rate, while $37
million bear interest at 5.125%.

Paladino noted that the tribe's 2010 capital raise took place in the shadow of a
National Indian Gaming Commission regulatory violation for vendor billing
irregularities, which raised its cost of capital.

Since 2010, the Seminole Tribe has resolved that violation and voluntarily
submitted to yearly audits.

A new tribal council was elected in 2011, and that new governing body has taken
measures to improve the tribe's finances. Historically, the tribe kept
alarmingly low capital reserves on hand.

The new council made a difficult decision from a political standpoint -
eliminating per capita payments to newborns until they turn 18 - in order to use
that money to build reserves. Now the tribe has three months of government
expenses, including per capita payments, in reserve.

Paladino was heartened by the new reserve levels and the commitment to building
reserve levels further to safeguard the tribe's long-term financial stability.

"Ultimately, what we want to see them do is generate a substantial amount of
reserves at a tribal level and then bring it back to diversify their revenue
streams," he explained.

Per capita payments to Native American tribe members that come out of casino
revenues are always a political hot button, and Paladino watched the debate at
the Seminole Tribe closely.

Native American tribal council members must balance government operations and
distributions to individuals with long-term economic investments and communicate
those tradeoffs to their constituents, he explained.

"We were concerned about how the tribe would react to that [elimination of per
capita payments to newborns until they turn 18], from a political standpoint.
They had elections shortly after, and there wasn't significant turnover,"
Paladino said, explaining that those elections strengthened his faith in the
Seminole Tribe's governance.

The tribe faces regulatory concerns, as well.

For example, the tribe's authority to operate table games such as blackjack and
roulette, which account for 18% of its Ebitda, could expire in 2015 unless
Florida chooses to extend it.

Furthermore, the state is considering a variety of scenarios to expand gaming
capacity, ranging from approving gaming outside of southeast Florida to
expanding the types of gaming allowed at non-tribal facilities, including table
gaming.

The Florida Senate's gaming committee commissioned a report from Spectrum Group
about the impact of different plans on job creation and tax revenues. That
report may be an important factor when gaming regulation comes up for discussion
in the state's 2014 legislative session this spring.

Florida receives about $200 million per year from the Seminole Tribe under a
five-year Class III gaming compact that gives the Seminole tribe an exclusive
license to operate table games outside of Miami-Dade and Broward counties.

An expansion of gaming rights would have to offset the revenues the state takes
in from the Seminoles, whose facilities perform very well. Their gaming
operations have seen 11 straight quarters of revenue growth, thanks in part to a
lack of competition, according to Fitch.

Paladino noted that some fancy finanical footwork that would be necessary to
attract a gaming and resort developer on the level of Las Vegas Sands Corp. or
Malaysia-based Genting Group to Southeast Florida. Key to that effort would be
tax rates low enough to make it worth the developers' while.

Florida needs to weigh the hefty one-time licensing fee and lower tax rate
against the potential for continued revenue-sharing payments from the Seminole
Tribe.

If the tribe loses its exclusive rights to Las Vegas-style table gaming, it
would face more competition, but it would also eliminate the financial drain
from the revenue-sharing agreement.

Paladino also said that there are political concerns about such things as the
reputation of Orlando, home of Disney World, as a family-friendly destination.
That reputation is not entirely consistent with a proliferation of casinos.

"It's going to be hotly debated next year," Paladino said.

The Seminole Tribe's case illustrates one of the cardinal risks of gaming
investments, namely that gaming is regulated at the state level, and a state can
decide to expand its gaming rights at any time, to the detriment of existing
operators.

Fortunately for the Seminoles, their properties are thriving, and Paladino
believes they will continue to do so.

Fitch is confident that Seminole's liquidity gives it the flexibility it needs
to adapt to whatever comes of Florida's gaming debate. Its next debt maturity
will be the $237 million balloon payment from the new loan in 2017.

DEAL SIZE

$ 250-500 Million

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2013 Monday

Mashantuckets close on debt restructuring

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


July 01--The Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation announced today an agreement with
creditors that includes forgiveness of $550 million in outstanding debts while
securing $25 million in loans and financing to potentially bring the Foxwoods
Resort Casino brand to the Catskills in New York state.

The Mashantucket Tribe, which owns Foxwoods, said the long-anticipated
restructuring would affect $2.3 billion in debt obligations, and would extend
the time over which money is paid back.

"The completion of our balance sheet restructuring is an historic occasion for
Foxwoods and for the relationship between Wall Street and Native American gaming
enterprises," said Scott C. Butera, Foxwoods chief executive, in a statement.
"With our new capital structure in place, we have long-term financing at
favorable rates. And along with the improvements we've made in our operations --
from streamlining our cost structure to advancing our service and revamping our
marketing -- we are now in a strong position to build our gaming and hospitality
business in the region."

The tribe said the restructuring accounts for all of its current creditor
claims. In addition, Foxwoods is gaining access to $5 million in revolving
credit and a $20 million term loan. Each of the new loans is over a 30-month
period.

Holders of Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation bonds will receive new securities
with maturities lengthened to 13, 18 and 23 years, depending on how long they
already have been held.

"This is truly a milestone event for (the Mashantuckets) and Indian Country as a
whole," said Tribal Council Chairman Rodney Butler in a statement. "The new
capital structure not only allows Foxwoods to move forward as a stronger
competitor, it also renews the financial stability of our entire tribal nation."

The tribe has been negotiating since February to try to reduce its overall $2.3
billion in debth to $1.7 billion. The last hurdle to overcome was agreements
from bondholders holding nearly $500 million in notes, but the tribe announced
last week that enough bondholders had agreed to reduced payments to proceed with
a bond exchange.

Foxwoods and partner Muss Development of New York city are working on a plan to
bring a multimillion-dollar resort casino to the Catskills at the site of the
former Grossinger's hotel in Liberty. It also is competing for the license on a
Massachusetts casino in the Boston area.

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130701-NL-Mashantuckets-close-on-debt-restructuring-0701-20130701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 25, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

In Navajos' Towns, A New Tactic to Fill A Void in Banking

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1449 words

DATELINE: CHINLE, Ariz.


Water is scarce amid the white limestone cliffs, sandstone canyons and
drought-browned prairie grasses of the Navajo Reservation. But banks are even
scarcer.

The last one to operate here still sits beside Route 191, propped up on cinder
blocks: a mobile home that was a Citibank branch and was never very popular. For
every dollar deposited, it put out at best a few pennies in loans, infuriating
the 25,000 residents of this town and the surrounding hills.

But since Citibank closed the branch six years ago, the situation has become
worse. Making a deposit or seeking a loan has meant a round-trip drive of nearly
140 miles.

Nowhere else in the country is a town this size so far from the nearest bank,
regulators say. But soon, because of a Clinton Administration policy that many
bankers dislike, Chinle will have a bank again.

Federal regulators see the experience here as a model for the future, not only
for Native Americans but for those in other poor, isolated communities and some
urban neighborhoods as well.

When the Norwest Corporation, a bank based in Minneapolis, sought to acquire
Citibank's Arizona operations last year, the Navajo tribal government filed a
formal protest under an obscure Federal law requiring that banks do business in
poor communities as well as wealthy ones within their areas of service.

The Clinton Administration ended up approving the acquisition. But the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency, which has the power to approve or reject all
bank mergers, invoked the 17-year-old community lending law for the first time.
That effectively required Norwest to provide more banking services to the
Navajos.

Norwest is now building three new branches on the reservation, including one
here and another in Kayenta, and a third in Tuba City to replace an existing
trailer.

The regulators are also investigating whether another bank, which they refused
to identify, may have ignored Native Americans.

Eugene A. Ludwig, the Comptroller of the Currency, said the Administration had
no intention of retreating from community lending issues. And Mr. Ludwig, who
attended Oxford University and then Yale Law School with President Clinton, has
the influence to carry the policy through.

"I don't think we will change the way we've operated," he said. "We call them as
we see them."

Mr. Ludwig's move here preceded the Justice Department's settlement in August
with Chevy Chase Federal, the Maryland savings institution that was required to
open branches in predominantly black neighborhoods in the Washington area. Banks
and their lobbyists have hopes that the new Republican majority in Congress will
block the Justice Department from similar actions.

Mr. Ludwig's actions have drawn less attention, but the Clinton Administration
is likely to rely on his office's power to review mergers and other bank
activities, particularly if the Justice Department is thwarted.

Moreover, his actions are much less open to challenge by lawmakers, because of
legislation passed in the wake of the numerous bank failures during the Great
Depression. That legislation gave the nation's financial overseers far more
discretionary power than nearly any other group of regulators.

The defunct Citibank branch here served as a backdrop to a parade on Veteran's
Day. Local residents, who gathered on a gravel parking lot, said they were eager
for something to be done and bitter toward bankers who had long ignored them.

"I guess they don't care for us," said Roy Natoh, a 73-year-old former marine
wearing a red windbreaker, a red peaked hat with medals and a necklace and
bracelet of large turquoise beads.

Not that they were all that happy about the branch that Citibank used to operate
out of a mobile trailer here. "The way I looked at it, it wasn't too safe,
because people with evil minds, traveling through, had easy access for holdups,"
said Carl Yazzie Jr., a 54-year-old Marine Corps veteran who wore his dress
uniform for the small parade, which featured a single float carrying a black
papier-mache gun on the back of a pickup truck.

Besides a military background, Mr. Natoh and Mr. Yazzie share something else:
Both men ended up building their small houses out of their personal savings.

Citibank and banks near the reservation turned down Mr. Yazzie's applications,
while Mr. Natoh did not even try, viewing the odds as impossibly long. "I tried
to get a loan, but I got nowhere with them," said Mr. Yazzie, who is the town
treasurer here.

Their experiences are not unusual. Federal Reserve figures released last month
showed that few Native Americans even applied for mortgages in 1993, and that
their rejection rate held steady from the year before at about 25 percent. By
contrast, the rate of rejections fell markedly in 1993 for every other racial
group.

Citibank and other banks doing business with Native Americans in the West
contend that they are not to blame. In a filing last year with Federal
regulators, Citibank said not enough Navajos kept savings and checking accounts
for the Chinle branch to be profitable. They also said the murkiness of the
tribal foreclosure laws made it difficult to seize houses and other collateral
for overdue loans.

Peterson Zah, the Navajos' elected president, denied that Navajo foreclosure
laws were any more difficult for banks to use than state laws, which are not in
force on the reservation. But in a move to appease lenders, the highest Navajo
court issued its first comprehensive guidance to tribal courts last spring on
the way to handle foreclosures.

Susan Weeks, a spokeswoman for Citibank, also pointed out that while the bank
used the mobile trailers as branches in Kayenta and Chinle, it did not install
them. Great Western Bank, which sold its Arizona branch network to Citibank in
1986, installed the trailers. Before closing the branches, Citibank tried
unsuccessfully to persuade the Navajo tribal government to deposit more money in
them, she said.

Most bankers deny any aversion to lending to Native Americans. But a few, in
describing what they say are cultural obstacles, express statements that border
on the hostile.

After insisting on anonymity, the vice chairman and chief executive of one bank
said Native Americans were unsuited to making timely loan repayments. "We are
only a few generations from these people being nomads and living in teepees, and
that makes a difference," he said.

Citibank also shut down in 1988 a mobile trailer branch in Kayenta, a town with
a spectacular backdrop of pink rock buttes that Detroit advertising executives
love to use as car pedestals. The former branch once had a towing hitch, now
removed.

"People used to comment that someone would just hook up and tow it away," said
Austin Hall, a 32-year-old construction worker in Kayenta.
 Michael D. Kinnson, who used to run Citibank's operations on the Navajo
Reservation and now runs Norwest's, says Norwest is lending 35 to 40 cents for
every dollar of deposits at the two Navajo Reservation branches that Citibank
never closed, in Tuba City and Window Rock, Ariz.

In its filing with regulators, Citibank said the Window Rock branch was lending
13 cents for every dollar of deposits, while the Navajo tribal government said
only 3 cents in loans were made for every dollar of deposits.

"The only other place where you find that kind of ratio is in retirement
communities," where few people seek loans, said Lawrence B. Lindsey, the Federal
Reserve Board governor who handles consumer issues.

The national average is 60 cents in loans for every dollar of deposits, with
banks investing the rest mainly in Treasury bonds.

Economic development experts attribute the scarcity of bank branches, at least
in part, to the poverty of the reservation. That makes it difficult for the
residents to borrow money to set up new businesses, and often forces them to
visit banks at towns off the reservation, where they then spend much of their
money.

Residents currently receive paychecks and Government assistance totaling $1
billion a year, and spend an estimated $800 million of it outside the
reservation.

Navajo officials hope that the extra Norwest branches will encourage more
residents to do their shopping and other business on the reservation. Mr. Zah
described an elderly Navajo woman who recently told him that the current
situation, "is like the river running down from the mountains and going all the
way out to the cities -- the river is the money and it runs by us without
stopping."

To file petitions with Federal bank regulators, she added, " 'is to pick up our
spades and dig a dam to divert the river, so we can water our livestock,' " Mr.
Zah said.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Citibank's former branch on the Navajo Reservation in Kayenta,
Ariz., which was closed in 1988, was in a trailer with a towing hitch. Austin
Hall, a 32-year-old construction worker who recently stood by the trailer, said,
"People used to comment that someone would just hook up and tow it away." (Keith
Bradsher/The New York Times) (pg. D9)

Map/Diagram: "A Long Way From a Teller"

Federal regulators say the Navajo Reservation in the Four Corners region of the
Southwest has been among the rural areas most thinly served by banks. For the
last six years, the residents of some towns have had to make round trips of
nearly 140 miles to visit a bank branch.

A. In Chinle and Kayenta, Citibank closed its trailer branches in 1988. Norwest
plans to open a branch and an automated teller machine soon.

B. In Tuba City and Window Rock, Norwest is replacing or refurbishing branches
it bought from Citibank and is adding automated teller machines.

C. Gallup and Farmington, just outside the reservation, have many banks.

(Source: Norwest Bank) (pg. D9)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Navajo Nation lends support to bills in state legislature

BYLINE: By Noel Lyn Smith The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


FARMINGTON   The Navajo Nation is lending its support to a number of bills going
before the New Mexico Legislature, including a measure that would cap payday
loan interest rates.

On Thursday, the Naa'bik'íyáti' Committee approved four pieces of legislation
that stated the tribe's support for bills under consideration by the state
Senate and House, according to a press release from the tribal Council's Office
of the Speaker.

The committee, whose membership consists of the 24 delegates, is backing the
passage of Senate Bill 72, House Bill 36 and House Bill 24. Each one calls for
state lawmakers to cap interest rates for small loans at 36 percent.

Delegate Jonathan Hale, who sponsored the tribal legislation, said the purpose
of supporting these state bills is to protect the Navajo people from payday loan
companies that charge high interest rates.

The committee also supported Senate Bill 2 which is seeking an appropriation of
$500,000 to the Tribal College Dual Credit Program.

The dual credit program allows high school students to enroll in college-level
courses offered at Diné College, Navajo Technical University, the Institute of
American Indian Arts, and the Southwest Indian Polytechnic Institute.

The credits earned by the student apply toward high school graduation and a
post-secondary degree or certificate.

New Mexico state law requires the tribal colleges to waive tuition and fees for
students enrolled in the dual credit program so the appropriation would
compensate those institutions for issuing the waivers.

Committee members also supported Senate Bill 79, which would appropriate
$900,000 to the New Mexico Department of Health to fund county and tribal health
councils.

According to the state bill, the funding would be used by county and health
councils to complete their work in identifying their communities' health needs
and developing strategies to address those issues.

Also receiving support from the committee is House Bill 51, which calls for
amending sections of the state's children's code that address how the state
handles Native American children taken into protective custody.

Noel Lyn Smith covers the Navajo Nation for The Daily Times. She can be reached
at 505-564-4636 and @nsmithdt on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

NY Regulators Cap Payday Lending Case

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 466  words


The case against a South Dakota-based payday lending operation that charged
illegal interest on loans is wrapping up in New York state where residents can
now start filing refund claims, according to New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman's office. More than $20 million could be distributed, depending on
the number of consumers who make claims, and many borrowers will receive a
refund of more than $1,000. The settlement included penalties totaling $1.5
million.All borrowers who received loans from Western Sky Financial LLC and
CashCall Inc. or any party collecting on their behalf more than the proceeds of
the loan plus the legal interest rate of 16% are eligible for a refund,
according to the AG's office. Western Sky agreed last year to stop funding loans
amid rising legal battles with authorities in several states. It previously
cited "unprecedented government interference" as the reason for laying off the
majority of its employees in Timber Lake, S.D. and its decision to close its
office in Eagle Butte, S.D.

Last October, owner Martin A. Webb and Western Sky were among the defendants
sued by Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel's office for allegedly to
offer illegal payday loans online while claiming to be affiliated with a Native
American tribe to avoid legal action.

Webb and his companies, including Western Sky, offered payday loans ranging from
$300 to $2,525 to consumers across the U.S. and advertised on television and
online, according to a Federal Trade Commission complaint. The defendants tried
to garnish consumers' wages without a court order and sought to manipulate the
legal system by forcing borrowers to appear before the Cheyenne River Sioux
Tribal Court in South Dakota, which did not have jurisdiction over their cases.Â



"Debt collectors cannot garnish consumers' wages without a court order, and they
cannot sue consumers in a tribal court that doesn't have jurisdiction over their
cases," said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection.
"Regardless of tribal affiliation, debt collectors must comply with federal
law."

Webb and Western Sky last month were ordered to pay $967,740 to the U.S.
Treasury to settle FTC charges of using unfair and deceptive collection tactics.

Schneiderman's office sued Western Sky and its affiliates last summer, accusing
them of charging interest rates to New Yorkers that were more than 10 times the
higher than the state's interest rate limit of 16%.

"Thousands of New Yorkers who were the victims of exorbitant and illegal
interest rates can receive meaningful relief through our settlement fund,"
Schneiderman said in a release. "I encourage all those eligible to take full
advantage of this program."The New York AG's office has been cracking down on
payday lenders in the past year.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Institute of American Indian Arts has issued the following news release:

The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced $9.7
million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and
educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance
for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 30, 2009 Wednesday

Tribal relations grow stronger with USDA

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Dec. 30--WASHINGTON -- Late in the year, Native Americans made headway in
dealing with the U.S. Department of Agriculture on a couple of issues that have
long been problematic, including a lawsuit focused on Indian farmer
discrimination and a sacred site matter.

A controversial year-long topic of discussion focused on an ongoing lawsuit
known as Keepseagle v. Vilsack, which involves hundreds of tribal plaintiffs
from several states who have long argued that agriculture officials denied or
delayed a number of farm and ranch loans and emergency assistance applications
by Indians.

An expert report prepared by Indian plaintiffs estimates that the alleged
discrimination caused the farmers to have been denied about $3 billion in
credit, resulting in between $500 million and $1 billion in damages.

Until November, USDA officials had said they could not comment on the decade-old
case, nor had they taken action to settle, frustrating many tribal members who
have noted past federal agreements with black farmers, along with the Obama
administration's promises to rectify discrimination.

But at the White House Tribal Nations Conference in November, change was in the
air, with Secretary Tom Vilsack going so far as to promise to resolve the
situation.

In December, a federal judge approved a move for settlement, with both sides
asking Judge Emmet Sullivan in Washington for 60 days of settlement talks.

A status hearing in the case has been scheduled for Feb. 10.

Another positive development occurred late in the year when the U.S. Forest
Service of the department said Nov. 25 that it was withholding snowmaking
permits for a northern Arizona ski resort as a way to promote settlement talks
in a long-running dispute between American Indian tribes and the resort's
owners.

The permits were delayed despite a Supreme Court decision in June that upheld
the Arizona Snowbowl resort's right to spray man-made snow on San Francisco
Peaks.

Native Americans have argued that the snow, which would be made of recycled
wastewater, would desecrate the area, considered a sacred site.

The department's delay has given hope to some Indians that a resolution sans
wastewater can be hammered out, although direct talks with the resort have
previously failed.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091230-IC-USDA-TRIBAL-RELATIONS-20091230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Indian businesses in Oklahoma poised for success

BYLINE: April Wilkerson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 851  words


Many of Oklahoma's Native American tribes have risen to economic prominence in
the state, but plenty of Indian entrepreneurs are poised to follow the same
trajectory.

A focus of this week's Indian Country Business Summit in Norman was connecting
Native American business owners and potential entrepreneurs with the resources
they need to get started or grow.

Native American entrepreneurs have the persistence and integrity to run a
business, said Paul Bickford, state board president for the American Indian
Chamber of Commerce in Oklahoma. But they often need the educational and
financial resources to get started.

"For a lot of private Indian businesses, the resources are scarce," Bickford
said. "There's not collateral to go to the bank and secure the operating capital
that you need. We need to be taking more advantage of the SBA loan programs and
the BIA guaranteed loan programs. It's an educational process. "

Indians also are hampered by geography - living in remote locations, sometimes
without Internet access, Bickford said.

"We're so cognizant of the major tribes in Oklahoma - the ones that are near
metropolitan areas and everything looks healthy," he said. "But you don't have
to get very far outside of Tulsa or Oklahoma to find tribal entities that are
scarcely populated and they have scarce natural resources. They don't have the
access to people, so their gaming operations are not as productive as others.
The only way we can fix that is to provide better infrastructure with roads. And
wireless broadband is very important. Today you cannot run a business without
the Internet. "

But Indian-owned businesses, and those that contract with them, have attractive
federal incentives. A prime contractor can secure a 5-percent incentive on
subcontracts if it does work with an Indian-owned business, Bickford said. That
incentive is unique to Indian tribes, he said.

"Sometimes on a project, 5 percent is a good profit. So you get double your
profit by working with a Native-owned company," he said.

Indian-owned businesses also continue to find success with the U.S. Department
of Defense. The Tribal Government Institute, through its Procurement Technical
Assistance Program, has helped its clients acquire government contracts worth
$375 million to date.

Bickford said he's also hopeful for continued conversations with the state to
create a central registry of Indian-owned businesses. Oklahoma has no such list,
he said, nor does the National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development, although that group is working on one.

Bickford said his chamber has 700 members, although he knows there are many more
Indian-owned businesses in the state. When a registry is completed, those
businesses can better learn about resources and opportunities available to them,
he said.

Pamela Bickford, who started Cherokee Data Solutions in 2001, said this week's
summit marked a turning point, both in terms of tribal interaction with the
state and among Indian business owners. At Tuesday's meetings, Lt. Gov. Jari
Askins and Commerce Department Secretary Natalie Shirley voiced their
acknowledgement and support of Indians' role in the state economy.

"The state is recognizing and articulating that we're valuable - we are a
valuable solution to job creation and economic stability in Oklahoma," Pamela
Bickford said. "That's been a long time coming, but I also think Native American
companies are stepping up to the plate as responsible vendors and responsible
contractors. "

Pamela Bickford said one of her goals in starting Cherokee Data Solutions was
that she could stay in Oklahoma and contribute to her culture. She faces the
same challenges as any small-business owner, she said, but she wanted to create
a place for future tribal members to work.

"It gives that next generation - our kids - a place to stay home and have a
job," she said. "Our goal is that it will be there for the grandkids and for my
neighbor's kids and grandkids. We don't have to chase a dream that takes us out
of Oklahoma. "

Travis and Kristy Komahcheet, owners of Intertribal Visions Unlimited in Lawton,
also launched their design company with cultural goals in mind. Travis said he
knows talented artists who live on remote reservations with scant phone service
and no Internet capabilities, so he promotes their work on his website. He also
has found ample business support in his cultural network.

"We're learning a lot. I'm not saying I know a lot, but I know enough to help
others out," he said. "It definitely inspires others to keep going. I don't
believe in competition in a bad way. Business doesn't always have to be
cutthroat. I believe you can rise together, especially within the Native
community. "

Oklahoma Rep. Lisa Johnson-Billy, the first Native American and woman elected
from her district, said in her keynote address that Indians have the
perseverance and work ethic to start and grow a business. She encouraged people
to "connect with their passion. "

"Use what you have - don't worry about what you don't have," she said. "That
will get your over obstacles when creating and expanding your business. "

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bank2 exec takes reins at Native American

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-03

LENGTH: 235 words


Denver-based Native American Bank said Tuesday it has named J.D. Colbert
president and chief executive.

Colbert comes to Denver from Bank2 in Oklahoma City, where he was an executive
vice president overseeing relations with American Indian communities.

Bank2, which describes itself as the nation's fastest-growing Indian- owned
bank, has $85 million in assets. Colbert, who is Chickasaw-Creek, served as a
consultant to the Chickasaw Nation in starting the bank.

"J.D. did a great job for us, and we are enthused that he has this opportunity,"
said Ross Hill, president of Bank2. "He will make an excellent president of
Native American Bank."

Colbert founded the North American Native Bankers Association, which represents
Indian-owned banks in the U.S. and Canada. He has worked as an examiner with the
Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, a chief financial officer, a bank president and
a tribal administrator.

Colbert replaces William Snider, interim CEO since the resignation of John
Beirise last April. Beirise helped found the bank in 1999.

Native American Bank is a $63 million bank with headquarters in Denver, a retail
branch in Browning, Mont., and loan-production offices in Box Elder, Mont., and
Anchorage, Alaska. Twenty-four federally recognized Indian tribes, Alaska Native
corporations and tribal organizations own the bank.

Staff writer Aldo Svaldi can be reached at 303-820-1410 or
asvaldi@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

Tribes concerned about Trump transition

BYLINE: MARY HUDETZ Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1074 words


For hundreds of protesters, it was cause to cheer when the Obama administration
this month declined to issue an easement for the Dakota Access pipeline's final
segment. But that elation was dampened by the uncertainty of what comes next: a
Donald Trump-led White House that might be far less attuned to issues affecting
Native Americans.

"With Trump coming into office, you just can't celebrate," said Laundi Germaine
Keepseagle, who is 28 and from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, where the
demonstrators have been camped out since August.

Anxiety over the 1,172-mile pipeline illustrates a broader uncertainty over how
tribes will fare under Trump following what many in Indian Country consider a
landmark eight years.

President Barack Obama has won accolades among Native Americans for breaking
through a gridlock of inaction on tribal issues and for putting a spotlight on
their concerns with yearly meetings with tribal leaders.

Under his administration, lawmakers cemented a tribal health care law that
includes more preventive care and mental health resources, and addresses
recruiting and retaining physicians throughout Indian Country.

The Interior Department restored tribal homelands by placing more than 500,000
acres under tribes' control - more than any other recent administration - while
the Justice Department charted a process approved by Congress for tribes to
prosecute and sentence more cases involving non-Native Americans who assault
Native American women. Before Obama, a gap in the laws allowed for such crimes
to go unpunished.

In addition, the federal government settled decades-old lawsuits involving
Native Americans, including class-action cases over the government's
mismanagement of royalties for oil, gas, timber and grazing leases and its
discrimination against tribal members seeking farm loans.

"In my opinion, President Obama has been the greatest president in dealing with
Native Americans," said Brian Cladoosby, chairman of the Swinomish Tribe north
of Seattle and president of the nonpartisan National Congress of American
Indians, based in Washington. "The last eight years give us hope going forward
with the relationships we have on both sides of the aisle."

Trump, meanwhile, rarely acknowledged Native Americans during his campaign and
hasn't publicly outlined how he would improve or manage the United States'
longstanding relationships with tribes.

His Interior secretary pick, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana, sponsored
legislation that he says would have given tribes more control over coal and
other fossil fuel development on their lands.

But some of Trump's biggest campaign pledges - including repealing health care
legislation and building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border - would collide
with tribal interests.

In Arizona, Tohono O'odham Nation leaders have vowed to oppose any plans for a
wall along the 75-mile portion of the border that runs parallel to their
reservation. And the nonprofit National Indian Health Board in Washington says
it's aiming to work with lawmakers to ensure the Indian Health Care Improvement
Act remains intact.

The law, which guarantees funding for care through the federal Indian Health
Services agency, was embedded in Obama's health care overhaul after consultation
with tribes.

The government's role figures prominently in Native Americans' daily lives
because treaties and other binding agreements often require the U.S. to manage
tribal health care, law enforcement and education.

Some tribal members say they're unsure how much Trump understands or cares about
their unique relationship with the federal government.

"I think there was a great hope that we had here in Indian Country with the
direct dialogue that President Obama had established with tribal nations," said
Duane "Chili" Yazzie, president of the Navajo Nation's Shiprock Chapter. "If a
similar effort to communicate with us were carried on by the Trump
administration, I would be surprised."

Though most reservations lean Democratic in presidential elections, Trump does
have some supporters in Indian Country. They hope the businessman can turn
around lagging economies in rural reservations, such as the 27,000-square-mile
Navajo Nation, which covers parts of Utah, New Mexico and Arizona.

"Trump is pro-job growth, and tribes need a healthy dose of business creation,"
said Deswood Tome, a former spokesman for the tribe from Window Rock, Arizona.
"To do that, a lot of federal barriers must be removed. We're the only ethnic
group who have so much federal control in our lives."

The Dakota Access pipeline illustrates another chasm between Obama and Trump.

This fall, the pipeline dispute led Obama's administration to begin tackling a
final piece of its Indian Country agenda: guidelines for how cabinet departments
should consult with tribes on major infrastructure projects.

A top complaint from the Standing Rock Sioux was that the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers failed to properly consult with them before initially approving a
pipeline route that ran beneath Lake Oahe, the tribe's primary source of
drinking water.

After the administration halted construction on the project in September to
review the complaint, it held seven meetings with tribal leaders and began
drafting a report on how federal officials should consult with tribes.

U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said the report will be completed before
Obama leaves office, and she expects it to have a lasting impact, even with an
incoming administration that promises to undo some of the president's policies.

What's unclear is whether Trump, who once owned stock in the pipeline builder,
will seek to reverse the Army's decision this month to explore alternate routes.

A spokesman said only that the president-elect plans to review the move after he
takes office. However, Trump's transition team said in a recent memo to campaign
supporters and congressional staff that he supports the pipeline's completion.

In the meantime, Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II has begun
lobbying for a meeting with Trump to make a case for his tribe's opposition to
the project, which the chairman says threatens not just water but sacred
cultural sites.

"You have to respect Mother Earth; she's precious," Archambault said. "You can
still believe in capitalism, and you can still invest in infrastructure
projects, but these infrastructure projects should be focused toward renewable
energy rather than fossil fuel development."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 10, 1998

'Fewer Excuses' for Not Lending Now

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: Albuquerque, NM


There is "a winding number of excuses" for lenders not to make home loans to
Native Americans, according to the director of the Office of Thrift Supervision.

Ellen Seidman, addressing the Native American Housing Conference sponsored here
by OTS and the State of New Mexico Office of Indian Affairs, noted that the gap
between served and underserved populations in the country is large, and
"particularly large" for Native Americans.

The traditional housing orientation of thrifts, whom OTS regulates, should make
them "an integral part" in housing Indians, she said.  Ms. Seidman said OTS
would sponsor a number of regional workshops around the country over the next
two years, and that OTS staff stands willing to facilitate partnerships between
tribes and financial institutions.

The director noted that most financial institutions do not lend in tribal areas,
but that those institutions near reservations "should be lending there."

She acknowledged the problems in lending in tribal areas, particularly the trust
land issue, but said the problems are not insurmountable.

She urged lenders to start developing strong relationships with tribes, and said
it was equally important for tribes to respond positively to such overtures.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Ellen Seidman

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                    Native American Development Corporation

                          2722 3Rd Avenue North   320
                              Billings,  MT 59101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (406) 259-3804
FAX: (406) 259-4569
URL: www.nadc-nabn.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Native American Development Corporation was established in 1996, with the
following Goal Objectives:  Assist in the creation and operation of reservation
based Community Development Corporations, empowering communities towards
economic and social stability. Create and Administer the Native American Capital
Loan Fund to finance Indian entrepreneurs and build the economic infrastructure
on reservations. Provide technical and resource assistance to new and expanding
Indian owned businesses. Act as a liaison for state, regional, national and
international economic development organizations and agencies to Indian owned
businesses in Montana and Wyoming. Provide educational services as seminars and
conferences for tribal governments in business. The Native American Development
Corporation sees technology as having major potential for business development
in reservation communities.  A high tech training center will open in May 1999
in Billings, Montana that will be owned and operated by NADC. Training
opportunities will also be developed with Montana's 7 Tribal Colleges.  NADC's
Technology Training will:  Serve as a job training opportunity for low income
Native American residents and conduit to the business community for employment.
Train Bureau of Indian Affairs, Indian Health Service, Tribal Departments and
other personnel in the latest technology to improve operations and services in
Native American Communities. Provide cost effective Microsoft Certified Training
courses on

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching Meeting

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:




   Notices Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains documents other than rules or proposed
rules that are applicable to the public. Notices of hearings and investigations,
committee meetings, agency decisions and rulings, delegations of authority,
filing of petitions and applications and agency statements of organization and
functions are examples of documents appearing in this section.

   ========================================================================
Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 208 / Wednesday, October 28, 2015 / Notices
[[Page 65983]] DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE OFFICE OF TRIBAL RELATIONS Council for
Native American Farming and Ranching Meeting AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations,
USDA. ACTION: Notice of public meeting.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the first meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and
will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA
programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting
will be open to the public. DATES: The meeting will be held on December 8, 2015,
10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., and December 9, 2015, 8:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. The
meeting will be open to the public on both days. Note that a period for public
comment will be held on December 8, 2015, from 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. ADDRESSES:
The meeting will be held at the Flamingo Hotel, 3555 S. Las Vegas Boulevard, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89109, in the Laughlin II Room. WRITTEN COMMENTS: Written comments
may be submitted to: The CNAFR Contact Person, Dana Richey, Designated Federal
Officer, Senior Policy Advisor, Office of the Administrator, USDA/Farm Service
Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250;
by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email: Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions should be directed to Dana Richey, Senior Policy
Advisor, Office of the Administrator, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202)
720-1058 or email: Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In
accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), as
amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.
The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to Farm Service Agency regulations or
internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program
participation for Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods
of maximizing the number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by
USDA farm loan programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy
services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA
farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or
ranching opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other
related issues as deemed appropriate. The Secretary of Agriculture selected a
diverse group of members representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in
providing solutions to the challenges of the aforementioned purposes. Equal
opportunity practices were considered in all appointments to the CNAFR in
accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary selected the members in August
2014. Interested persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues
relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted
to the contact person on or before November 30, 2015. Oral presentations from
the public will be heard from 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on December 8, 2015. Those
individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the
contact person and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue
they wish to present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by
November 30, 2015. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5)
minutes depending on the number of participants. The OTR will also make the
agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
notify the Contact Person, at least 10 business days in advance of the meeting.
Leslie Wheelock, Director, Office of Tribal Relations. [FR Doc. 2015-27450 Filed
10-27-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching Meeting

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   Notices Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains documents other than rules or proposed
rules that are applicable to the public. Notices of hearings and investigations,
committee meetings, agency decisions and rulings, delegations of authority,
filing of petitions and applications and agency statements of organization and
functions are examples of documents appearing in this section.

======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol. 81, No. 56 / Wednesday, March 23, 2016 / Notices [[Page 15498]]
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Council for Native American Farming and Ranching
Meeting AGENCY: Office of Tribal Relations, USDA. ACTION: Notice of public
meeting. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native
American Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office
of Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance
with section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5
U.S.C. Appendix 2). This will be the second meeting held during fiscal year 2016
and will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of
USDA programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This
meeting will be open to the public. DATES: The meeting will be held on April
4-5, 2016. The meeting will be open to the public on both days with time set
aside for public comment on April 4 at approximately 1:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. The
OTR will make the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. ADDRESSES: The meeting will be held at the Harrah's
Casino & Resort Hotel, 7777 Casino Drive, Cherokee, NC 28719, in the Hickory
Room. Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: Dana Richey,
Designated Federal Officer and Chief of Staff to Associate Administrator for
Operations and Management, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions should be
directed to the CNAFR Contact Person: Dana Richey, Designated Federal Officer
and Chief of Staff to Associate Administrator for Operations and Management,
USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A,
Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email: Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In accordance with the provisions of the Federal
Advisory Committee Act (FACA), as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an
advisory council for Native American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a
discretionary advisory committee established under the authority of the
Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement
agreement that was granted final approval by the District Court for the District
of Columbia on April 28, 2011. The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of
the FACA and report to the Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is
(1) to advise the Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the
participation of Native American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan
programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any changes to Farm Service
Agency regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate
barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and ranchers; (3)
to examine methods of maximizing the number of new farming and ranching
opportunities created by USDA farm loan programs through enhanced extension and
financial literacy services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging
intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate
issues on the delivery of USDA farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods
of creating new farming or ranching opportunities for Native American producers;
and (6) to address other related issues as deemed appropriate. The Secretary of
Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a broad spectrum of
persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of the
aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014. Interested persons may present views,
orally or in writing, on issues relating to agenda topics before the CNAFR.
Written submissions may be submitted to the contact person on or before March
30, 2016. Oral presentations from the public will be heard approximately 1:30
p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on April 4, 2016. Those individuals interested in making
formal oral presentations should notify the contact person and submit a brief
statement of the general nature of the issue they wish to present and the names
and addresses of proposed participants by March 30, 2016. All oral presentations
will be given three (3) to five (5) minutes depending on the number of
participants. The OTR will also make the agenda available to the public via the
OTR Web site http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days
before the meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be
posted on the OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the
CNAFR meetings and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical
disabilities or special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a
disability, please contact Dana Richey, at least 10 business days in advance of
the meeting. Leslie Wheelock, Director, Office of Tribal Relations. [FR Doc.
2016-06458 Filed 3-22-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Indian Country Today - Rapid City

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday

A conversation with Chickasaw/Creek J.D. Colbert of Native American Bank

BYLINE: David Melmer, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1344 words


Mar. 29--DENVER -- J.D. Colbert, Chickasaw/Creek, was recently named president
of the four-year-old Native American Bank and appointed to the national advisory
board of Native American Capital, LP. Colbert has been in banking most of his
professional life, except for a stint with the BIA and as a tribal
administrator. He received a bachelor's degree in business administration from
the University of Oklahoma and earned a master's degree in administration,
planning and social policy from Harvard University and another master's degree
in organizational development from Johns Hopkins University.

Colbert is the founder of the North American Native Bankers Association and
serves as the organization's president.

Indian Country Today was able to take him away from his busy schedule to answer
a few questions.

QUESTION: You have an impressive bio. How did you get into banking?

ANSWER: Actually, I think it was from the experiences I had as a young person
growing up in a family headed by my mother [which] included my two brothers and
my sister. My biological father abandoned our family when I was six weeks old.
We never saw him; he never supported us. My mother was working [as a] nurse
assistant in Claremore, Okla. Economically we had a tough go of it; not as bad
as others, but it had its tough moments. My mother always handled her financial
affairs in a sensible manner, paid her bills on time and that sort of thing, but
she was never able to get a home loan -- she would always get turned down. We
were always renting places and typically having to move about every six months.
I remember moving all the time.

When I got to college and began studying business, I learned a few things about
how the finance world worked and basically figured out the reason my mother had
been turned down. Basically [it was] because she was a single mother and an
Indian woman: otherwise she met the test for receiving credit like others would
receive. So that impacted me and after a fashion it was my passion in life to do
what I could to rectify that situation by making credit and home mortgages and
other financial service readily available in Indian country.

Q: Why did you study business?

A: I think because I had a facility for business and economics, I did well in
those classes in high school, whereas [in] a lot of other classes, math and
history and so forth, I did poorly. I realized pretty early on that I may have a
talent and a little head for business.

Q: When we think of somebody like that, we think of a geek. Do you have fun in
any way?

A: [laughing] I try to have a lot of fun: I love going out. My wife and I, we
like live music, especially jazz; we enjoy dinner parties and have people over.
I have three dogs that I love a lot, that bring a lot of joy to my life and my
wife's life.

Q: You just came to this national bank. What kind of expectations do you have?

A: The vision of the founders of the bank is that the bank would become a
national Indian bank, by that they meant that Native American Bank would become
the premier provider of credit and home mortgages and business loans and so
forth across Indian country. I think that is a good and valid vision for this
bank. If indeed Native American Bank is to live up and fulfill it vision, we
need to have a greater presence across Indian country: that means we have to
have branches where the tribes are so that we can be their bank.

We have a number of tribes that have invested in our bank and we appreciate
their confidence.

Q: You are set up at this point to deliver any service a tribe or organization
wants?

A: We are, by and large; however, we are a bit hamstrung in that a lot of
services that we are now delivering we deliver from a distance, via what I call
"electronic smoke signals." Using technology to wire money and provide various
services. That's well and good. Unless we have branches out there where the
rubber meets the road, I don't think we are going to be able to provide the full
scope of services that a lot of tribes want and a lot of tribal members need in
their communities.

Q: Has it been difficult to this point, and is it getting easier?

A: Yes to both: it has been difficult to this point in the sense that Native
American Bank was a new bank just four years ago. For any new bank and any new
business, there is a certain ramp-up time that you have being a brand-new
business to get on your feet more and find your bearings a little more. NAB has
experienced that and gone through it.

Four years later I would say our operations are indeed easier; for example, we
have developed a strong name recognition across Indian country and have a strong
market acceptance from Indian country. For example, we are very pleased that a
number of tribes and tribal organizations are calling us and asking if we can
provide certain kinds of services. We are very pleased about that.

Q: Did your time with the BIA help you in this endeavor?

A: Oh, yeah, very much so. I value my three years I spent at BIA in Washington,
D.C., where I was heading up their economic development programs, including the
loan guarantee program. I made a number of friendships and connections that have
lasted over the years. During those three years, at a minimum I personally
visited some 50 reservation across the country and up in Alaska. I think it
provides a really good background and experience for my success here as
president of Native American Bank.

Q: You are the first American Indian to be president of a bank that is this
large.

A: Yes; in fact, as far as I know there are 10 tribally owned banks in the
country and I'm the only Native president of any of those. And I believe -- this
part I'm not sure about -- that I'm the very first Native American president of
a tribally owned bank in the history of the U.S.

Q: Are you pretty cultural?

A: Yeah, pretty cultural. I grew up with the Muskogee/Creek people in and around
the Tulsa area. Even though I'm enrolled with the Chickasaw nation, I grew up
with the Creeks, and I only really got to know my Chickasaw relations in
probably the past 10 years. Over the years, I've participated in Stomp Dances
with the Muskogee-Creek people; every now and then I will get out and do some
Gourd dancing.

I grew up in an Indian community in Oklahoma, and went to church at the Indian
Methodist church in Claremore and other places in northeast Oklahoma. Also, I'm
a product of an Indian boarding school, during my grammar school years, in a
place called Oaks Indian Mission just outside of Tahlequah, Okla., and I'm now
I'm on the board of that organization.

These are all experiences that I value a great deal and that were central to my
formation as a person.

Q: It seems like you have an understanding of Indian country.

A: I think I bring a unique experienced background and perspective, if only
because I have a lot of experience in banking and in what I would call
non-Indian banking as well; overlaid with my growing up in Indian country and my
professional experiences of working in Indian country, the BIA for example. I've
also been a tribal administrator for a 25,000-member tribe. I think I can marry
up those two viewpoints. I think a lot of non-Indian bank presidents might see
problems; I see opportunities.

The last thing I would say is, I talked about the vision of this bank. I am, and
my staff and the board are, developing a strategy for how we can go about
establishing these various branches. We haven't quite finalized this, but we've
got a strategy that we are working on that I would call a kind of play on the
Kevin Costner movie, "Field of Dreams." We would call it "If you build it, they
will come."

If the tribe will build us a facility, we will lease it from them.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060329-IC-BANK-PREZ-QNA-20060329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2006 Indian Country Today


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 1995 St. Thomas Law Review
                             St. Thomas Law Review

                                  Summer, 1995

                            7 St. Thomas L. Rev. 445

LENGTH: 7082 words

INDIAN HOUSING: THE FOURTH DECADE

NAME:  Susan J. Ferrell *

BIO:



   * Attorney Advisor, Indian Housing, Legal Division, United States Department
of Housing and Urban Development, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; B.A., University of
Tulsa, 1979; J.D., University of Tulsa College of Law, 1982.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The regulations regarding building codes provide for a housing authority
to use or write a code which makes provisions for traditional and culturally
oriented design features, recognizing that the definition of "decent, safe, and
sanitary" does not have one rigid meaning for our widely diverse country. ...
Mr.  Nessi travels a great deal throughout Indian Country to meet with and
listen to housing authority officials, tenants and home buyers, frequently
accompanying Secretary Cisneros. ...  The New Yorkbased Oneida Nation and its
housing authority have just completed the development of homes constructed with
wooden siding similar to traditional designs. ...  While visiting a New Mexico
housing authority, I saw a machine that a housing authority had purchased to
make traditional adobe bricks. ...  Navajo culture is represented in a Navajo
Housing Authority office building in Fort Defiance, Arizona. ...  Homes built by
the Southern Ute were designed after collaboration between the homebuyers,
housing authority, tribal elders, tribal council and the architect. ...  All
that was necessary was that the tribal governments exercise the necessary
sovereign, legislative, governmental and police powers to establish a housing
authority under tribal law. ...  The payment includes an administration fee for
the Housing Authority. ...  Counseling would be provided by the Housing
Authority to help the families fully understand the program and avoid violations
of the agreements. ...

TEXT:
 [*445]

    Home. The Hearth. Our homes provide the safe place where we share our lives,
our struggles, our triumphs, our learning, our laughter and our tears. At our
hearth we celebrate and acknowledge the joyous and tragic places we encounter
upon our paths of life. The image of family and loved ones gathered for a meal,
illuminated by a crackling fire, accompanied by the laughter and banter of the
old and young, warms us, even on a windy winter night on the plains, far away
from Florida.

    Similar visions comfort the hearts of peoples of every culture.  There is no
place like home. Ideally, our home provides nurturing, shelter, spiritual
grounding, and physical and emotional security. Just as nature's beauty blooms
in many forms, people build homes in a myriad of styles, reflecting their
individual lives, environment, and, above all, their traditions. The First
Americans' tradition is particularly rich in the variety of artistry and craft
of individual and communal dwellings.  Some envision a longhouse in the forest
built of wood or bark; others picture chickees perched above tidewaters, river's
edge or Everglades, tipis painted with sacred designs of stars, mountains and
rain, or arbors and wickiups thatched with grass, hogans round as the eternal
circle of life. Families together may build earthen homes tucked into the hills,
white frame homes with the proverbial picket fences, or homes of adobe bricks
the warm color of Mother Earth. Since the design of the tribal dwellings is
central to an indigenous community's identity, a housing program for Native
Americans sponsored by the United States government is well advised to take into
account this cultural and architectural diversity.

    The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), led by Secretary
Henry G. Cisneros, administers essentially all of the housing programs for
United States Native Americans, ranging from the development of the rental and
ownership homes, to modernization and repair programs. HUD is also responsible
for other grant programs such as the Community Development Block Grants made to
tribes for activi-  [*446]  ties in addition to housing. An example is the Drug
Elimination Grants which are geared towards protecting residents of "Indian
housing" from the scourge of drug use and trafficking.  n1

    While national housing legislation to help Americans find decent, safe and
sanitary living conditions was first introduced in 1937, HUD programs for Native
Americans in Indian Country were created nearly thirty years later in the early
1960's.  n2 HUD staff, together with the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA),
designed the programs, and wrote detailed memoranda, regulations and handbooks
which incorporated extensive oversight and monitoring of the housing
authorities.

    As HUD's programs have matured, the agency has revised the programs to give
the housing authorities organized by the many Indian Nations more freedom and
autonomy to design and direct the provision of housing and to build more
culturally relevant housing designs.

    HUD, in collaboration with the American Indian Council of Architects and
Engineers, and the National Endowment for the Arts: Design Arts Program, has
published a booklet of design principles for Indian Housing.  n3 The book was
developed from nationwide workshops attended by Native Americans and housing
providers. The goal of this publication is to teach architects and designers who
work for Indian Housing Authorities how to incorporate traditional Native
American cultural and spiritual elements of life into housing forms.

    Practical needs include energy efficiency, "great rooms" to accommodate
gatherings and food preparation, personal spaces designed for flexibility of use
with changing needs, additional spaces for crafts, art work, and hunting and
fishing equipment. Additionally, the aesthetic and spiritual qualities of a home
may include incorporating the natural elements into the home: vistas of sunrises
and sunsets; utilizing natural energy sources; building patios where indoor
gatherings can expand into the outdoors; and designing house and building sites
which are harmonious with nature and tribal customs.

    HUD's philosophy and regulations have evolved to encourage housing
authorities to increase the involvement of Tribal members in the development of
designs which are culturally relevant and more
 [*447]  desirable to prospective home buyers and tenants. Public meetings are
held to discuss project building plans and to consider the peoples' comments.
n4 Housing authorities have the discretion to decide how much to spend on
houses. For example, they may use housing development funds to build eight more
expensive houses, or twelve houses with fewer amenities at a lower cost per unit
in one project, or they may acquire pre-existing houses in areas where
acquisition of existing units is economically and practically feasible.  n5

    Housing authorities have the power under the regulations to choose among
construction methods, including conventional, turnkey and force account.  n6 The
regulations regarding building codes provide for a housing authority to use or
write a code which makes provisions for traditional and culturally oriented
design features, recognizing that the definition of "decent, safe, and sanitary"
does not have one rigid meaning for our widely diverse country.  n7

    Indian Housing has come a long way since the days when BIA provided one
house design for 300-500 Nations and tribal cultures.  n8 However, the programs
continue to be hindered by the lack of adequate funding to overcome problems and
controversies. HUD has, at times, been criticized for being clumsy, patronizing,
inefficient and insensitive in its attempt to meet the government trust
responsibility of providing housing for low and moderate income Native
Americans. At the same time, HUD and the housing authorities have together built
thousands of homes in which families live and grow. The agency has always worked
for more congressional support and appropriations to meet the great need for
housing in Indian Country.

    The administration of Secretary Henry G. Cisneros has followed the lead of
President Clinton in stressing the government-to-government relationship with
the nations and their housing authorities. Secretary Cisneros spoke in
Albuquerque last spring, at the historic Listening Conference attended by
government officials from many Indian Nations and officials from the Departments
of the Interior, Justice and Housing and Urban Development.  n9 The Secretary
has constantly emphasized the
 [*448]  importance of Native American Programs within HUD, directing the agency
to support self-determination and decision making by the nations and housing
authorities, and considering ways to implement suggestions for improvement of
the programs and delivery of the same.  n10

    I had the occasion of speaking recently with the Director of Native American
Programs for HUD, Dominic A. Nessi. He strongly supports tribal housing
authorities' rights and recognizes the need to create housing which is relevant
to each Nation's unique circumstances. Mr.  Nessi travels a great deal
throughout Indian Country to meet with and listen to housing authority
officials, tenants and home buyers, frequently accompanying Secretary Cisneros.
He pointed out examples, which he hopes will increase in number, of housing
built to reflect cultural traditions and to meet specific needs.

    For example, traditionally-styled log homes have been built for some time by
tribes in Montana and North Dakota. The New Yorkbased Oneida Nation and its
housing authority have just completed the development of homes constructed with
wooden siding similar to traditional designs. Returning to a traditional design
was, of course, a very practical adaptation to climate, and architects have
included plans for outside cooking arbors known as "ramadas" in the housing
project which will be built on the Tohono O'Odam Reservation, formerly known as
the Papago Reservation, in Arizona.

    While visiting a New Mexico housing authority, I saw a machine that a
housing authority had purchased to make traditional adobe bricks. However, due
to the high maintenance requirements of the traditional bricks, the housing
authority has, over time, opted for the current construction method using
painted concrete blocks which creates the traditional look of adobe with
viga-styled fixtures on the facade.  The homes being built were beautifully
situated in Northern New Mexico with an inspiring view of the sacred Black Mesa.

    Cultural Design Award winners were announced March 28, 1995, to illustrate
HUD's commitment to supporting and preserving Native American culture in
housing. Six nations have been acknowledged for their architecture and designs
which honor cultural and traditional values of Native Americans.  n11 The
Aquinnah Wampanoag, located on
 [*449]  Martha's Vineyard, patterned homes after traditional Wampanoag
dwellings evidenced in archaeological sites. Another winner, the Confederated
Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation in Oregon, built a museum resembling a
traditional encampment which incorporated significant cultural design elements.
Navajo culture is represented in a Navajo Housing Authority office building in
Fort Defiance, Arizona. A cultural center built by the Cocopah National is
patterned upon the design of a traditional Cocopah winter home, while the Port
Gamble S'Klallam Housing Authority designed homes with murals painted on the
exterior and a hearth in the center of the home. Homes built by the Southern Ute
were designed after collaboration between the homebuyers, housing authority,
tribal elders, tribal council and the architect.

    Of course, the trend towards making block grants directly to tribes for
their housing needs, less encumbered by federal regulation, monitoring and
oversight, will provide the nations with increased opportunities to design and
build homes which will fit the needs and desires of their people.

    HISTORY OF H.U.D. INDIAN HOUSING

    In preparation for this symposium, I have reviewed the history of federal
Native American Housing Programs. The pendulum swings of federal government
policies towards the Indian Nations since the end of the 19th century, are
reflected in the history of the development of housing programs for Native
Americans. These policies alternately strove to: dismantle tribal culture and
government; support tribal reorganization and sovereignty; and destroy tribal
identity. Once again, these policies affected the provision of housing for the
Tribes, a provision which constitutes part of the United States government's
trust responsibility.  n12 Although Native Americans, as American citizens, were
intended as beneficiaries of the National Housing Act of 1937, no comprehensive
Native American housing programs were written until the 1960s.

    Interestingly, the history of the housing programs indicates that Indian
housing programs were created by HUD at a time when federal policy was shifting
once again toward limiting, indeed terminating, tribal sovereignty. In fact, HUD
seemed to be moving, quietly and
 [*450]  administratively, against the trend. The Department of Housing and
Urban Development does not require a Tribe to be federally recognized for its
members to participate in HUD programs. This may be a result of the
administrative creation of HUD's Native American programs and results in the
ability to serve more Indian people.  n13

    As history clearly and starkly shows, by the end of the allotment era,
homelands held by the First Americans had been reduced from the 140 million
acres controlled by Indian Nations in 1887, an already drastically reduced
amount of Indian Country, to 50 million acres in 1934.  n14 It should have come
as no surprise that the health, housing, cultural identity and well-being of the
tribes had been virtually shattered.

    In 1928, the Meriam Report  n15 was published, the result of five years of
research on the effects of governmental policies on Indian nations, such as the
1887 Dawes Act, commonly known as the General Allotment Act, and the Curtis Act.
n16 The Allotment Act was intended to extinguish the custom of lands held in
common by tribes for their people by dividing "surplus" tribal lands and
reservations among individual tribal members in direct contravention to tribal
customs. The Curtis Act forced the same allotment scheme upon the Five Tribes of
Oklahoma. The Meriam Report clearly documented the harmful results of Federal
Indian policy. Even though by 1924, U.S. citizenship had been granted to all
Native Americans who had not yet been naturalized,  n17 living conditions had
remained grim.

    The Meriam Report documented the extreme poverty, devastating epidemics and
health crises, substandard housing, poornutrition, and unsatisfactory schooling
which afflicted the lives of the great majority of First Americans. The Report
increased the awareness of many Amer-  [*451]  icans and government officials of
the government's poor treatment of, and policies towards, Native Americans.

    Many scholars and historians credit this report with helping to bring an end
to the cultural and political devastation caused by the era of the General
Allotment Act and with influencing Congress to enact the Indian Reorganization
Act of 1934 and the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act of 1936.  n18 The Indian
Reorganization (Wheeler-Howard) Act, although not universally praised, intended
to empower the Tribes to regain the attributes of self-government and
sovereignty and ushered in a more progressive and mutually respectful era of
federal-tribal relations.

    In 1937, the United States Congress passed the landmark National Housing
Act, declaring the country's intention to eliminate the unsafe and unsanitary
housing conditions endured by many American families of low income.  n19

    The Housing Act was enacted during a time of support for growth and
re-emergence of tribal governments, and the overall improvement of life for
Native Americans. The Act formed the statutory basis for attempting to provide
decent, safe and sanitary housing for all United States citizens.

    However, the record reflects that there were no programs written or
implemented to improve housing conditions for reservations and Indian Country
from 1937 until the 1960s, a gap of nearly three decades, even with the
documentation of the inadequacy of housing in Indian Country. There are various
theories that may explain this neglect of the extreme housing needs of America's
Indian citizens during this time.

    Soon after the passage of the 1937 Act, World War II engulfed the nation's
people, diverting attention, energy and resources. Even after the official end
of the war, as the nation recovered the government did address housing needs,
but focused on families in the growing urban areas without regard for the needs
of tribal peoples.

    As the decade of the 1940s came to a close, sadly, the clouds of
 [*452]  the Termination Era had begun to gather. Congress turned away from the
goal of increasing Tribal self-government and sovereignty, which is the
foundation of the Indian Reorganization Act and the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act,
and moved towards unilaterally decreasing federal trust responsibility to the
Native Americans. This movement by Congress terminated federal recognition of
more than 100 Tribes, and consequently, federal services, protection and federal
recognition of sovereignty.  n20

    Public Law 280,  n21 enacted in 1953, allowed certain states to assume
jurisdiction over Indian Country, and was a product of what is known
historically as the Termination Era, when Federal Indian policies shifted once
again. Across the continent, state governments inconsistently treated the reborn
Tribal governments' sovereignty. A state, whether or not a Public Law 280 state,
may have treated Indian Country as within its criminal and civil jurisdiction
but, nonetheless, did not provide housing to its Native American citizens
residing in reservation areas, apparently regarding such needs as outside the
scope of state responsibility.

    The relocation program instituted during this era by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs may also have affected the absence of federal housing programs within
Indian Country as the Bureau encouraged tribal members to move away from
reservations into urban areas, thinking such moves might end the unemployment
and poverty of reservation life.  However, history indicates that poverty and
its side-effects followed many Native Americans who moved to cities and who
further suffered from dislocation, racial discrimination and the absence of
community life, as well as tribal and family support systems.  n22

    Meanwhile, housing needs were still unaddressed for those who remained on
reservations and in Indian Country, perhaps due to the policy of encouraging
Indian families to abandon Indian Country and assimilate, or disappear, further
into the dominant society.

    During the 1960's, the decade of renewed Indian activism, things began to
change within the realm of Indian housing. A 1961 report written by a task force
established by Department of the Interior Secretary Stewart Udall, illustrated
the compelling need for federal housing
 [*453]  programs for Native Americans. This report recommended that the BIA
create a housing division and that the Public Housing Administration enlarge the
low-rent public housing program to provide for Indians living in Indian Country.
n23

    Responding to this report, the Public Housing Administration's General
Counsel wrote an opinion in 1961 determining that low-rent housing programs were
authorized in Indian Country under the 1937 Housing Act. All that was necessary
was that the tribal governments exercise the necessary sovereign, legislative,
governmental and police powers to establish a housing authority under tribal
law. In jurisdictions where prevailing legal thought at that time held that
tribal governments did not posses such sovereign powers, tribes were believed
able to create housing authorities under state law in an analogous manner to the
cities and counties of those states.  n24

    The development of tribal sovereignty law and policy has influenced a major
change in the way Indian Housing Authorities may be organized and function in
Oklahoma. As I mentioned, in the mid1960s, prevailing legal doctrine held that
tribes did not have the requisite governmental powers needed to enact housing
ordinances and create a housing agency under tribal law. However, two years ago,
the Sac and Fox Nation of Oklahoma completed a transition from a housing
authority organized under Oklahoma state law to a housing authority which
operates under the laws of the Sac and Fox Nation.  n25 The Sac and Fox Nation
argued that the law recognized that Oklahoma tribes had sufficient sovereign
powers to write housing laws and create agencies, and to maintain jurisdiction
throughout the reservation and within the counties in which their citizens
lived. They were successful in convincing the federal government regarding these
changes in Indian Law. Several other nations located in Oklahoma are also making
a transition to tribal law. One can compare this recognition of the sovereign
law-making power of the Sac and Fox to the acknowledgment that the state
government of Oklahoma has the power to use and create its own laws instead of
those of sister states Texas or Louisiana.

    In 1962, the Public Housing Administration General Counsel determined that
the Public Housing Administration also had the power
 [*454]  under the 1937 Housing Act to create a self-help home ownership program
for single family housing, specifically for Native Americans, without further
legislation.  n26

    The Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Public Housing Administration worked
together to design a program that the agencies hoped would appeal to Native
Americans' needs and cultural values.  n27 The program became known as the
Mutual Help Home Ownership Opportunity Program, replacing a BIA program which
built identical, standardized houses on the reservations, the houses only
varying with the building materials as required by climate.  n28

    In fact, the Mutual Help program remained a creation of regulation until
1988 when a separate program of assisted housing for Native Americans was
codified with the passage of the Indian Housing Act.  n29 This may explain why
HUD serves Indian tribes, bands and villages without the requirement and
limitation of federal recognition of tribal status.

    The first Mutual Help Housing Project was built on the San Carlos Apache
reservation in 1964.  n30 It is a home ownership plan, characterized as a lease
with an option to purchase, whereby a participant family donates either the
building site, $ 1500, or $ 1500 worth of sweat equity. The cost of the house is
amortized and paid for in monthly increments determined by the family's income
level. The payment includes an administration fee for the Housing Authority.
Interestingly, the participant is responsible for maintenance but not for real
property insurance.

    When the participant pays the purchase price in full for the house or when
financial contributions to the Housing Authority from HUD are sufficient to pay
off the project which includes the family's house, and the participant's
payments are current, then the participant becomes the owner of the house and
the Housing Authority will convey the house and land or leasehold by the
appropriate documents.

    The designers of this program, explained here in a somewhat simplified
manner, saw it as a way to satisfy the needs and, at the same time, respect the
values of the Indian people they wanted to
 [*455]  serve. Housing Authorities were to hold meetings and discussions
regarding the projects to elicit the advice, comments and questions of tribal
members. Based on income, the payments would be low enough to enable a family to
stay current as well as pay the balance owed on the house as quickly as
possible. Counseling would be provided by the Housing Authority to help the
families fully understand the program and avoid violations of the agreements.
Since the families were donating land or work, they were tangibly involved in
the building of the house. Having made payments and contributed towards the
creation and maintenance of the home, the families would have indeed purchased
their homes.

    Given this scenario, housing officials believed that nearly everyone could
keep up with payments and maintenance, and that many families in Indian Country
would soon be owners of good-quality homes. Of course, this did not happen in
every case, perhaps many cases. Families everywhere, Indian Country or not,
encounter crises, unemployment, disputes, and domestic dissolution which wreak
havoc on a payment schedule. Many people experienced dissatisfaction with the
construction of the home or felt that the design did not meet their needs. In
some cases the designs produced prohibitive utility costs, and families could
not afford both payment and the maintenance costs. As with any new idea, the
program required refinements to correct these and other problems. Staff turnover
at the authorities sometimes resulted in a lack of expertise in the complicated
world of government programs and the construction industry, which affected the
development and completion of housing projects. Differences in culture created
the perception of lapses in communication between federal and tribal people.
These differences also affected housing delivery and acceptance of the program
results by the tribal members. With delinquencies and construction costs
increasing, housing authorities still battle with the issues of keeping a family
current or evicting the family when breaches of the agreements can not be cured;
all while striving to keep building costs down.

    There have been other criticisms of the program, such as the definition of
income that would include per capita payments, which may come from gaming or
land settlement, and the requirement of too many family members' incomes in the
computation of payments, given the traditional values of providing shelter to
extended family whenever needed. Some tribal members believe that housing
authorities have become too independent of the tribes and are subject to other
influences. Therefore, these housing authorities sometimes do not meet the
tribal and housing needs. Others say that tribal politics have, from time
 [*456]  to time, adversely affected the authorities' ability to conduct housing
business.

    In the last two years, the Department has sponsored a historical and
cultural awareness program for its employees. The program teaches Native
American history and includes many exercises and discussions to increase
understanding of, and sensitivity to, the traditions and ways of life of HUD's
Native American clients. This excellent program should go far to help alleviate
the criticism that HUD employees may sometimes be unintentionally patronizing or
insensitive while nevertheless pursuing their mission to help provide housing.

    "INDIAN COUNTRY" AND HUD PROGRAMS IN OKLAHOMA

    The issue of tribal, state and federal jurisdiction over "Indian Country" is
a crucial sovereignty concern of the First Nations. Within the state of Oklahoma
the determination of Indian Country is of particular importance. While the issue
truly requires more extensive treatment than is possible here because of the
role that HUD Native American programs have played in the development of the law
of Indian Country and the effect that the existence of Indian Country has upon
the health and welfare of residents of HUD Indian housing, I would like to
present some brief comments.

    Generally, a state may not exercise jurisdiction within Indian Country.  n31
The definition of Indian Country has been codified to include: (1) reservation
lands, (2) Indian allotments, the Indian titles to which have not been
extinguished, and (3) dependent Indian communities.  n32

    As a result of the fragmented, chaotic history of Indian Territory, later
known as Oklahoma, the forcibly relocated Nations saw their reservations,
granted to them forever in exchange for their homelands
 [*457]  of "time immemorial,"  n33 chopped into individually-owned bits, losing
thousands of acres to non-Indians, giving rise to the "checkerboard" description
of Indian Country within the state. With reservations considered to be largely
diminished or extinguished, and allotted lands held by Indians somewhat easier
to determine, the concept of dependent Indian communities has played a major
role in civil and criminal jurisdictional determinations in Oklahoma.  n34

    The confusing "checkerboard" jurisdictional status of Oklahoma land would
provide merely interesting discussions were it not for the adverse effects upon
the health and welfare of Indian people that the confusion can have. The
question arises among tribal, state and federal governments over which governing
body has jurisdiction, particularly law enforcement authority. The risk of harm
to residents from lack of response or inadequate resources runs high when local
governments disagree on the status of the land or have no method to provide
police protection and other governmental services to areas where the land status
is unresolved. The pressing human issue exists every day in rural areas where
there is no consensus over whether a tract of land falls within or outside the
jurisdiction of the local sheriff. Tribal law enforcement may be counties away
and few in number. Federal protection may be half a state away. The need for
protection and resolution of the question, if not in court, then among agencies,
is urgent.  n35

    Case law concerning the question of when land not on a reservation may
nevertheless constitute a "dependant Indian community" is not settled.
Therefore, Indian Country, free from some or all state jurisdiction, may have
become less clear in some states such as Oklahoma.  Courts deciding Indian
Country cases have set out factors to be considered when making a dependent
Indian community determination;  n36 and
 [*458]  the presence and characterization of federal housing programs has been
considered a significant fact.

    Leading Oklahoma case law has held that dependent Indian communities do
exist, rendering state jurisdiction inappropriate.  n37 The Harjo decision is
important as the case itself involved an eviction of a family from a Mutual Help
home on formerly allotted land near ceremonial grounds. The court found that,
applying the factors stated in Martine and South Dakota, the property in
question was indeed a dependent Indian community and the state did not have
jurisdiction to hear an action for eviction.

    The factors the Harjo court considered included (1) whether the United
States has retained title to the lands which it permits the Indians to occupy
and authority to enact regulations and protective laws respecting this
territory; (2) the nature of the area in question, the relationship of the
inhabitants of the area to Indian tribes and to the federal government and the
established practice of government agencies toward the area; (3) whether there
is an element of cohesiveness manifested either by economic pursuits in the
area, common interest, or needs of the inhabitants as supplied by that locality;
and (4) whether such lands have been set apart for the use, occupancy and
protection of dependent Indian peoples.  n38 A more recent case which involved a
Mutual Help site, held that the land in question did not constitute a dependent
Indian community.  n39

    Clearly, case law does not provide the answers to the pressingneeds of local
governments with regard to Indian Country. The Sac and Fox Nation has taken a
leading role in helping to mitigate the problem through the use of
cross-deputization agreements and memoranda of understanding entered into by
county, tribal and state governments.  n40 There are still many people whose
lives are affected by the confusion of the law enforcement agencies and the
murkiness of Oklahoma law, the issue becomes no less compelling.

    OTHER HUD PROGRAM DEVELOPMENTS

    In furtherance of HUD's Office of Native American Programs
 [*459]  (ONAP) commitment to helping improve life for Native Americans over and
above building homes, ONAP and the Boys and Girls Clubs of America entered into
a partnership agreement to help establish Boys and Girls Clubs for Native
American youth. Clubs have been started in Mescalero, Apache, Sac and Fox Nation
of Oklahoma, Absentee Shawnee, Delaware of Oklahoma, Lakota Sioux at Pine Ridge,
Northern Cheyenne, Sisseton-Waheton, South Dakota and the Pala Tribe of
California.  n41

    An important addition to housing programs is the HOME Investment
Partnership, created by the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act in
1990.  n42 This program provides funds for Indian and public housing developing
and implementing rental and home ownership programs to expand the number of
families who have decent, safe, sanitary, and affordable housing. In a grant
application, a tribe has broad discretion to design a program using investment
grant funds for acquisition, new construction, or reconstruction or
rehabilitation of affordable housing. The tribe may formulate home buyer
qualifications and types of housing that it determines would best suit tribal
needs.

    In this discussion, I have focused mainly on housing for low income
families. Many Native Americans earn moderate incomes and and desire to own a
home situated on their reservation. Traditionally, it has been virtually
impossible to finance a home in Indian Country as mortgage companies refused to
lend money for purchase of homes on the reservation. An innovative new program
enacted by Section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992
allows HUD to guarantee private industry loans made to Indian families and
Housing Authorities on land with restricted title.  n43 The Section 184 Program
will be similar to the traditional single family FHA insured loan program, in
that the Department will insure the mortgage company's business risk in loaning
the money. If the mortgagor defaults on the loan, HUD pays the mortgage balance
and allowed costs and accepts assignment of the mortgage.

    ONAP has published an Interim Rule and program guidelines for the newly
implemented program  n44 and has dedicated significant staff
 [*460]  time to producing loan documents and a program that will be acceptable
to both the private mortgage industry and Native Americans.  HUD's 1995
appropriations include $ 3 million dollars' worth of loan guarantees for the
Section 184 Program.

    CONCLUSION

    Any governmental program has to strive to meet the needs of the people it is
chartered to serve. The federal government has only recently assumed
responsibility for housing in Indian Country -- when the situation cried out for
federal intervention. First under regulatory authority, since 1988 under
Congressional mandate, HUD has designed and implemented programs that meet the
twin goals of economic efficiency and cultural sensitivity. In close cooperation
with tribal sovereigns, and with increasing deference to their decisions, the
federal Indian housing programs have often made a dream come true.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsPolice PowerGovernmentsNative AmericansGeneral
OverviewReal Property LawZoning & Land UseBuilding & Housing Codes

FOOTNOTES:




n1  24 C.F.R. section 961 (1994).




n2  See Mark K. Ulmer, The Legal Origin and Nature of Indian Housing Authorities
and the H.U.D. Indian Housing Programs, 13 Am. Indian L. Rev. 109, 110 (1985).




n3  American Indian Council of Architects and Engineers et al., Our Home: Giving
Form to Traditional Values; Design Principles for Indian Housing 1 (1993).




n4  24 C.F.R. section 905.225(c) (1994).




n5  24 C.F.R. section 905.215-20 (1994).




n6  24 C.F.R. section 905.260 (1994).




n7  24 C.F.R. section 905.250 (1994).




n8  See Housing Assistance Council, Indian Housing in the U.S.: A History, 14
(1988).




n9  David Fritze, Clinton Aides Hear Plights of 250 Tribes; Water Rights, Jobs
Among Diverse Issues, Arizona Republic, May 6, 1994, at A17.




n10  Special White House Briefing with Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbit,
Ada Deer, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs, Federal News
Service, Apr. 26, 1994, available in LEXIS, Nexis Library, Script File.




n11  Memorandum from HUD to HUD Legal Division, Oklahoma City, Today's Focus at
HUD 1 (Mar. 28, 1995) (on file with author and the St. Thomas University Law
Review).




n12  See generally Ulmer, supra note 2; St. Paul Intertribal Hous. Bd. v.
Reynolds, 564 F.  Supp. 1408 (D. Minn. 1983); Eric v. Secretary of HUD, 464 F.
Supp. 44 (D. Alaska 1978).




n13  42 U.S.C. section 1437aa (Supp. V 1988).




n14  Stephen L. Pevar, The Rights of Indians and Tribes: The Basic ACLU Guide to
Indian and Tribal Rights 5 (2d ed. 1992).




n15  Institute for Government Research, The Problem of Indian Administration
(1928).




n16  General Allotment Act of Feb. 8, 1887, ch. 119, section 1, 24 Stat. 338
(codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. sections 331-34, 339, 341-42, 348-49, 354, 381
(1988)); Curtis Act of June 28, 1898, ch. 517, 30 Stat. 495. The Curtis Act was
enacted to force the nations known as the Five Civilized Tribes (the Seminole,
Cherokee, Choctaw, Muscogee Creek and Chickasaw) to allot their lands since the
federal government had conveyed the lands to the tribes instead of retaining
title in trust for the tribes. The Curtis Act also took direct aim at the Five
Tribes by abolishing tribal courts and many powers of self government.




n17  See The Indian Citizenship Act of June 2, 1924, ch. 233, 43 Stat. 253
(codified as amended at 8 U.S.C. section 1401 (1988)).




n18  Indian Reorganization Act (IRA), 25 U.S.C. section 461 (1988); Oklahoma
Indian Welfare Act (OIWA), 25 U.S.C. section 501 (1988). Congress denied
Oklahoma tribes statutory authority to reorganize under IRA, which required the
later OIWA legislation when Congress voted to allow Oklahoma tribes to resume
exercising governmental powers. 25 U.S.C. section 473 (1988).




n19  42 U.S.C. section 1437 (1988). This historic legislation created the Public
Housing Administration, succeeded by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, which administers virtually all of the federal housing programs
created for the benefit of Native Americans. Id.




n20  Pevar, supra note 14, at 7.




n21  See Pub. L. No. 83-280, ch. 505, section 2, 67 Stat. 588 (codified as
amended at 18 U.S.C. sections 1161-62; 25 U.S.C. sections 1321-22; 28 U.S.C.
section 1360 (1988)).




n22  William C. Canby, Jr., American Indian Law 26 (1981).




n23  See Housing Assistance Council, supra note 8, at 3.




n24  See, e.g., Okla. Stat. Ann. tit. 63, section 1057 (West 1995).




n25  For a discussion on the housing authority transition by the Sac and Fox
Nation from organization under Oklahoma state law to Sac and Fox law, see Lewis
v. Housing Auth. of the Sac and Fox Tribe, No. 78825, 1994 WL 43667 at *1 (Okla.
Feb. 9, 1994).




n26  See Housing Assistance Council, supra note 8, at 5. Ulmer, supra note 2, at
110 n.6.




n27  24 C.F.R. section 905.401-58 (1994).




n28  Housing Assistance Council, supra note 8, at 14.




n29  42 U.S.C. section 1437aa (1988).




n30  Housing Assistance Council, supra note 8, at 9.




n31  Indian Country, U.S.A., Inc. v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n, 829 F.2d 967, 973
(10th Cir.  1987), cert. denied sub nom. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v. Muscogee (Creek)
Nation, 487 U.S.  1218 (1988); Ahboah v. Housing Auth. of Kiowa Tribe, 660 P.2d
625, 629 (Okla. 1983).




n32  18 U.S.C. section 1151 (1988) states in relevant part:

    Indian country . . . means (a) all land within the limits of any Indian
reservation under the jurisdiction of the United States government,
notwithstanding the issuance of any patent, and including rights-of-way running
through the reservation, (b) all dependent Indian communities within the borders
of the United States whether within the original or subsequently acquired
territory thereof, and whether within or without the limits of a state, and (c)
all Indian allotments, the Indian titles to which have not been extinguished,
including rights-of-way running through the same.


    Id.




n33  Worcester v. Georgia, 31 U.S. (6 Pet.) 515, 559 (1832).




n34  See generally C.M.G. v. State, 594 P.2d 798, 804 (Okla.), cert. denied sub
nom.  Oklahoma v. C.M.G. 444 U.S. 992 (1979); Ahboah v. Housing Auth. of Kiowa
Tribe, 660 P.2d 625, 630 (Okla. 1983); State v. Littlechief, 573 P.2d 263,
264-65 (Okla. Crim. App.  1978).




n35  See Truman Carter, Does Oklahoma Have the Authority to Exercise Criminal
Jurisdiction Over Sac and Fox Housing Authority Units in Shawnee?, presented at
Indian Housing into the 1990's, a seminar, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, February
27-28, 1992 (unpublished paper on file the St. Thomas Law Review); Judy I.
Lewis, Jurisdictional Black Holes: A Discussion of Child Victims without a Forum
for Justice and the Jurisdictional Issues of Dependent Indian Communities in Kay
County, Oklahoma, presented at the Sovereignty Symposium VII, Tulsa, Oklahoma,
June 7-9, 1994 (unpublished paper on file with the St. Thomas Law Review).




n36  United States v. South Dakota, 665 F.2d 837, 843 (8th Cir. 1981), cert
denied, 459 U.S. 823 (1982); United States v. Martine, 442 F.2d 1022, 1023 (10th
Cir. 1971).




n37  See C.M.G., 594 P.2d at 804; Ahboah, 660 P.2d at 633; Littlechief, 573 P.2d
at 263; Harjo, 790 P.2d at 1104.




n38  Harjo, 790 P.2d at 1110 (citing South Dakota, 665 F.2d at 839).




n39  Lewis, 1994 WL 43667 at *3-4, *8.




n40  See, Carter, supra note 35, at 38.




n41  Dominic Nessi, Testimony before the United States Congress, Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, Washington, D.C., Mar. 7, 1995.




n42  42 U.S.C. section 1437aaa (Supp. V 1988).




n43  Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-550, section
184; 106 Stat. 3672 (1992).




n44  59 Fed. Reg. 42,734-37 (1994) (to be codified at 24 C.F.R. section
995.101-25).


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     December 17, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

PG&E Celebrates Collaboration with Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, Commits to
Formalize Tribal Engagement Principles

LENGTH: 568  words


Dec. 17 -- Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) today announced its
commitment to formalize a set of principles to guide the company's engagement
with Native American tribes and communities. The announcement was made at an
event celebrating PG&E's long history of engagement with the Tuolumne Band of
Me-Wuk Indians, a federally-recognized tribe located in the central foothills of
the Sierra Nevada Mountains in Tuolumne County.

For more than 30 years, PG&E has worked with the Tribe as a key stakeholder in
the company's hydroelectric system operations and other utility infrastructure
in the Sierras.

"Working with native tribes to care for cultural resources is part of our
responsibility as a company that values California's rich diversity and PG&E is
committed to working closely with local communities. Creating a formal set of
principles to guide these partnerships will put in place a strong foundation for
continued collaboration and success," said PG&E Corporation Chairman, CEO and
President Tony Earley.

During today's event at PG&E's San Francisco headquarters, the company and the
Tribe highlighted the example set by their collaborative engagement on a recent
PG&E hydroelectric maintenance project that unearthed many tribal artifacts and
cultural resources. PG&E worked closely with the Tribe to ensure all cultural
resources were managed with care and respect.

"It's important to our people to have connections to preserve and protect our
traditional cultural heritage. Our Tribe's working relationship with PG&E
demonstrates a respect for our culture, so that our knowledge of areas will be
passed down from generation to generation," said Carlos Geisdorff, cultural
coordinator with the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians.

The event also featured a performance by more than 20 tribal singers and dancers
and unveiled a temporary interpretive display to further educate employees and
guests about the Tribe. With a theme of "Common Ground," the exhibit is located
at PG&E's corporate headquarters and features artifacts excavated from the
hydroelectric project, as well as baskets and other items on loan from the
Tribe.

Moving forward, PG&E's work with the Tribe will inform a set of principles to
guide the company's continuing engagement with the approximately 100 Native
American tribal entities within its service area - in keeping with the company's
commitment to continuous improvement and respect for the diversity of the
customers and communities it serves.

"PG&E deserves to be commended for publicly establishing the principles it will
follow when working with Native American tribes. The company is setting a
standard for how to collaborate with, and show respect for, the needs and
interests of tribal communities," said former Deputy Secretary of the Interior
David J. Hayes, now a member of PG&E's Sustainability Advisory Council.

"The relationship between PG&E and the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians is a
positive example that other corporations can follow in engaging with Native
American tribes. NCAI applauds PG&E for establishing formal protocols to
respectfully govern its interactions with tribal nations; such established
corporate principles can help ensure that regular, meaningful consultation is
not haphazard, but part of its core business philosophy," said Jacqueline Pata,
executive director of the National Congress of American Indians.

Source: Pacific Gas and Electric

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      August 15, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

NAFSA to Banks Being Intimidated by DOJ and FDIC: Do Not Be Complicit in
Discrimination Against Tribes

LENGTH: 887  words


New Delhi, Aug. 15 -- Continuing to fight back against last week's efforts by
the State of New York to shut down legal, tribal government-owned lending
businesses, the Native American Financial Services Association (NAFSA) today
communicated the organization's position to financial institutions, requested a
dialogue to ensure banks act legally and without discrimination, and asked for
consideration in financial institutions' dealings with tribal businesses.



In a letter sent to more than 100 banks, Barry Brandon, Executive Director of
NAFSA, made clear that the New York Department of Financial Services' attempts
to shutter tribal businesses would be viewed as blatant discrimination and an
attack on tribal sovereignty. The businesses under scrutiny by the New York DFS
are legal enterprises, regulated by tribal bodies and operating in accordance
with federal law.

The full text of Mr. Brandon's letter is below:

Dear Financial Institution:

I understand you have received a letter from the New York Division of Financial
Services (DFS) directing you to stop processing payments for a number of
businesses owned and operated by sovereign Native American tribal nations.  We
strongly disagree with DFS's characterization of these payments as illegal.  To
the contrary, our businesses are legal and licensed and owned and operated by
American Indian tribal governments across the United States. Tribal Nations,
with the support and encouragement of the federal government, have engaged in
significant economic development efforts, including operating online lending
entities now targeted by DFS.  We want you to be aware that we view these
actions as a direct threat to tribal sovereignty and our efforts to develop
economic self-sufficiency.  Tribal nations are considering the next legal steps
to take regarding DFS's actions.

Native American tribal nations possess inherent sovereign powers that persist as
a legal matter from before the creation of the United States itself, and are not
powers granted or delegated by the United States to tribes.  Three Supreme Court
cases authored by this nation's first Supreme Court Chief Justice, John
Marshall, recognized and outlined the character of tribal sovereignty,
classifying tribes as "domestic dependent nations" which are bound uniquely to
the United States government, to the exclusion of state regulatory authority, by
an historic trustee relationship. In Worcester v. Georgia, the Court found that
the Cherokee Nation was "a distinct community occupying its own territory  in
which the laws of Georgia can have no force" and whose sovereign power could
only be diminished by the tribe itself or by the intentional and explicit action
of Congress. The authority of tribal nations to regulate, supervise, and operate
online lending businesses can only be limited by an explicit act of Congress.
During the lengthy debate over the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress specifically
considered the issues of how to treat Indian tribes and nonbank short-term
credit products.  The sovereign power of Indian tribes was not limited, and
Congress chose not to outlaw nonbank loan products.  To the contrary, Congress
explicitly identified federally recognized Indian tribes within the definition
of "State" recognizing their distinct role as entities capable of regulating
financial products.

Again, online lending, when offered by federally-recognized tribal governments,
is legal. Tribal governments export tribal law over the Internet and consumers
seeking our online lending services agree to abide by it. The State of New York
is doing an end-run against our legal business by threatening banks like yours
and the third-party providers who partner with our tribally-owned enterprises.
In addition to state actions, our tribally-owned online lending enterprises,
along with the payment processors and banks who support them, are being
aggressively and unfairly targeted by the FDIC and DOJ in their unwarranted
attempts to disintermediate these legal tribal businesses from access to the US
payment system. Indeed, a DOJ official admitted the Department's intent of,
"choking them off from the very air they need to survive."

As Executive Director of the Native American Financial Services Association
(NAFSA) and a citizen of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, our elected tribal leaders
are united against any actions hostile to our tribal government economic
development efforts and urge you to carefully consider whether you wish to be
complicit in these discriminatory actions.

Internet commerce has been a critical lifeline for geographically isolated
tribes across the United States. Tribal governments that offer online lending
suffer from staggering unemployment rates, limited opportunities and geographic
isolation. New York's scrutiny of your banking activities is a back door tactic
for attacking our legal lending business and will exact a heavy cost on our
people since the revenues generated by our online lending business account, in
some instances, for more than 25% of our tribal budgets.

We encourage your institution to demonstrate restraint and careful consideration
in your dealings with our tribally-owned online lending businesses. We look
forward to on-going direct communication with you in order to clarify our unique
position within the financial services industry.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 30, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

HUD Seeks to Expand Housing Aid to Indians; Tribal Groups Skeptical of Grants
Initiative

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 986 words


Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew M. Cuomo will launch an
administration initiative today aimed at increasing homeownership on Indian
reservations by giving Native Americans easier access to HUD assistance
programs.

Cuomo said the new plan goes beyond most Indian poverty programs by permitting
tribal governments to create nonprofit groups that will qualify for a share of
more than $ 1 billion in HUD grants and other annual assistance. Because funding
eligibility is limited to local governments and nonprofit groups, tribes cannot
gain access to some assistance programs aimed at increasing homeownership.

"Homeownership is one of the most fundamental vehicles for Americans to
accumulate wealth," Cuomo said in an interview yesterday. "But the cruel irony
is that the land we left the first Americans was put in public trust, and public
trust makes it virtually impossible for them to get home mortgages. What is land
worth if you can't mortgage it?"

Groups representing Indian tribes expressed doubt that the new initiative would
have much impact on reservation poverty and said there were more pressing
concerns that Cuomo did not appear to have addressed.

Banks often turn down home loan applications from Indians or drag out processing
so long that Indians do not even bother asking for a loan. Lenders cite numerous
problems, including unclear title to reservation property that normally has to
be put up for collateral for home mortgages and uncertainty among lenders about
whether they can foreclose on such tribal trust lands in the event of default.

Between 1992 and 1996, the 1.2 million Indians living on federal trust lands
obtained only 91 conventional home mortgages with a total value of $ 5
million--a minuscule portion of the $ 785 billion that was loaned for home
buying in the United States in 1996, according to federal statistics.

Under the HUD initiative, to be announced at a conference on Indian housing in
Chicago today, newly formed tribal nonprofit groups will, for the first time, be
able to apply for a share of several pots of federal money, including:

* Rural Economic Development grants that leverage private money with federal
funds for creating jobs and building affordable housing. Cuomo said tribal
nonprofit groups will receive special preference that will increase their
chances for part of the $ 27 million in program funding this year.

* Assistance to create and subsidize housing for low-income senior citizens and
disabled seniors, in a program worth $ 600 million.

* Programs that provide $ 1.2 billion to help homeless people with housing, job
training, substance abuse and other services.

* Assistance under the $ 75 million-a-year Youthbuild program, which provides
training in home-building skills and educational opportunities for high school
dropouts.

* Housing grants for low-income people with HIV and AIDS under the Housing
Opportunities for Persons With AIDS program.

* Grants to nonprofit groups under the Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity
program for buying home sites and improving infrastructure needs to qualify for
some sweat-equity homeownership programs for low-income families.

In addition, Cuomo said HUD will make reduced-cost mortgages available to
Indians through Ginnie Mae's Targeted Lending Initiative. Ginnie Mae is a
government-owned corporation within HUD that guarantees securities issued by
private lenders and backed by mortgages insured or guaranteed by the federal
government.

Cuomo said reservation Indians have been receiving HUD Native American housing
assistance worth $ 600 million a year, "but have not been included in mainstream
programs, where the real money is."

He said the HUD initiative will "bring new opportunities to families on
reservations by empowering them to build stronger economies, new homes and
better lives."

Cuomo also will announce that another Indian housing conference, the first to be
held on a reservation, will be sponsored by HUD in July on the Oglala Sioux
reservation in Pine Ridge, S.D.

Native American housing advocates voiced initial skepticism after hearing
reports of the HUD initiative in Chicago.

Christopher D. Boesen, executive director of the Washington-based National
American Indian Housing Council, said the Ginnie Mae proposal sounded
"interesting," but that much of the remainder of the plan looked like "another
Andrew Cuomo public relations initiative."

"Tribes already are moving toward utilizing other assistance programs," Boesen
said. "Apparently, if they are successful, HUD will claim credit for it. Tribes
want to know about their bottom line, not how good does Andy Cuomo look today."

Boesen said tribal leaders met yesterday afternoon in Chicago to discuss Cuomo's
plans and "frankly were not all that interested." However, they were angered
over what Boesen said was HUD's inaction in addressing Indian concerns over
environmental assessments required for reservation housing construction.

Boesen said the environmental assessments, previously performed by HUD, have
been shifted to the tribes, which he said has resulted in costly building delays
because of minor technical mistakes by untrained tribal government employees.
Indian Housing Council President Chester Carl said some tribes have been forced
to halt construction on projects that were 90 percent complete because of a
missing form or a minor error on a form. He said some tribes have even had to
refund millions of dollars in HUD funds because of small errors in the
environmental assessments.

"I think that's what Cuomo is going to hear from the tribal leaders tomorrow,"
Boesen said. "They're interested in getting the secretary's attention on their
immediate concerns, not an initiative that may not be going anywhere anyway."
HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo said the plan permits tribes to form nonprofits to
qualify for grants.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Re-Establishment of the Council for Native American Farming
and Ranching

LENGTH: 1095  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Re-Establishment of the Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, USDA. ACTION: Notice and
call for nominations.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Department of Agriculture (USDA) is announcing the re- establishment of the
advisory Council for Native American Farming and Ranching (Council). The purpose
of this advisory council is to provide recommendations to the Secretary on how
to eliminate barriers to Native American participation in USDA programs. The
Council will discuss issues related to the participation of Native American
farmers and ranchers in USDA programs and transmit recommendations concerning
any changes to regulations or internal guidance or other measures. The Council
is necessary and in the public interest. The USDA is seeking nominations for
individuals to be considered Council members. Candidates who wish to be
considered for membership on the Council for Native American Farmers and
Ranchers should submit an AD-755 application form and resume to the Secretary of
Agriculture. Cover letters should be addressed to the Secretary of Agriculture.
The application form can be found at:
http://www.usda.gov/documents/OCIO_AD_755_Master_2012.pdf. DATES: Submit
nominations on or before August 22, 2016. ADDRESSES: All nomination materials
should be mailed in a single, complete package and postmarked by [Insert date 45
days after the date of publication of this Federal Register notice]. All
nominations for membership should be sent to: Thomas Vilsack, Secretary, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC, 20250,
Attention: Council on Native American Farmers and Ranchers. Send comments to the
Office of Tribal Relations, 500A Whitten Building, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Leslie Wheelock,
Director, Office of Tribal Relations. Email your questions to tribal.
relations@osec.usda.gov at or call 202-205-2249. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: In
accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Council Act (FACA) as
amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2) and with the concurrence of the General Services
Administration, the Department of Agriculture (USDA) is announcing the
re-establishment of the advisory Council for Native American Farmers and
Ranchers (Council). The Council is a discretionary advisory council that
operates under the provisions of the FACA and reports to the Secretary of
Agriculture. The purpose of this Council is: (1) To advise the Secretary of
Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native American farmers
and ranchers in USDA programs; (2) to transmit recommendations concerning any
changes to regulations or internal guidance or other measures that would
eliminate barriers to program participation for Native American farmers and
ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the number of new farming and
ranching opportunities created through enhanced extension, sound conservation
practices, targeted rural business services, and financial literacy services;
(4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate
the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA programs;
(5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching opportunities
for Native American producers; and (6) to address other Native American related
issues as deemed appropriate. The Council has 15 members, 11 of whom will be
Native American leaders or persons who represent the interests of Native
American tribes or Native American organizations. The term ``Native American
leaders'' is not limited to elected Tribal representatives or members or persons
with Native American ancestry. The remaining four members are the following
high-ranking USDA officials: (1), Director, Office of [[Page 43987]] Tribal
Relations; (2), Administrator, Farm Service Agency; (3), Chief, Natural
Resources and Conservation Services; and (4) Assistant Secretary, Office of the
Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights. Members serve without compensation, but
may receive reimbursement for travel expenses and per diem in accordance with
USDA travel regulations for attendance at Council functions. Council members who
represent the interests of Native American farmers and ranchers may also be paid
an amount not less than $100 per day for time spent away from their employment
or farming or ranching operation, subject to the availability of funds. Members
may include: (1) Native American farmers or ranchers who have participated in
USDA loan, grant, conservation, or payment programs; (2) Representatives of
organizations with a history of working with Native American farmers or
ranchers; (3) Representatives of tribal governments with demonstrated experience
working with Native American farmers or ranchers; and (4) Such other persons as
the Secretary considers appropriate. No individual who is currently registered
as a Federal lobbyist is eligible to serve as a member of the Council. The
Secretary of Agriculture invites those individuals, organizations, and groups
affiliated with the categories listed above or who have knowledge of issues
related to the purpose of the Council to nominate individuals for membership on
the Council. Individuals and organizations who wish to nominate experts for this
or any other USDA advisory council should submit a letter to the Secretary
listing these individuals' names and business address, phone, and email contact
information. The Secretary of Agriculture seeks a diverse group of members
representing a broad spectrum of persons interested in providing suggestions and
ideas on how USDA can tailor its farm programs to meet the needs of Native
American farmers and ranchers. Individuals receiving nominations will be
contacted and asked to return the AD-755 application form and a resume within 10
business days of notification. All candidates will be vetted and considered for
appointment by the Secretary of Agriculture. Equal opportunity practices will be
followed in all appointments to the Council in accordance with USDA policies.
The Council will meet at least once per fiscal year. Dated: June 30, 2016.
Gregory L. Parham, Assistant Secretary for Administration. [FR Doc. 2016-16099
Filed 7-1-16; 4:15 pm] BILLING CODE 3410-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Lake County Record Bee (Lakeport, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 17, 2009 Friday

Tribal Health breaks ground on $5.2 million project

BYLINE: Tiffany Revelle, Lake County Record Bee, Lakeport, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words


Jul. 17--Tribal Health breaks ground on $5.2 million project

LAKE COUNTY The Lake County Tribal Health Consortium held a groundbreaking
ceremony Thursday to mark the beginning of construction on a new wing that will
more than double the clinic's current size.

The clinic, located at 925 Bevins Court in Lakeport, is approximately 13,880
square feet. It offers medical, dental and mental health services for American
Indians and Lake County residents. The tribal consortium that runs the clinic
partnered with Indian Health Service (HIS), a federal health program for
American Indians and Alaska Natives, to build a new, 19,880-square-foot wing.

"The expanded facility will increase our ability to met the health care needs of
existing and new patients," Lake County Tribal Health Consortium Executive
Director Rob Ottone said. "We are pleased to have the opportunity to improve
access to excellent health care service for Native Americans and the general
public in Lake County."

The new wing will provide additional exam rooms and 10 new dental working
spaces, as well as an on-site pharmacy, according to Ottone. Expanded primary
and specialty care, radiology and an optometry suite are also part of the
expansion plan.

Project Manager Steven Rugg said he expects that the expansion will be complete
and open to the public in December 2010. Rugg thanked the city of Lakeport for
its support of the project.

"I just want to express the excitement that we have at the

California area office and also excitement at headquarters for this project,"
IHS Facilities Engineer Phil Church said. "This is the first of its kind in
California. This is a big step for the tribal programs in California."

Ottone said the partnership means the consortium borrowed money for the
approximately $5.2 million construction cost, and IHS is providing the staff.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is backing a loan from Butte Community Bank
in Chico to fund the construction cost, according to Glenn Rilinger, the bank's
administrative vice president of commercial lending.

"This project really epitomizes what we're trying to accomplish in rural areas,
which is [to] provide affordable health care through loans and grants," Area
Director Ronald Tackett said.

The consortium consists of representatives from the Big Valley Rancheria, Elem
Indian Colony, Habematolel Pomo of Upper Lake, Middletown Rancheria, Robinson
Rancheria and the Scotts Valley Band of Pomo Indians.

The project has been in planning since 2002. HGA Architecture Inc. of Roseville
began design work a year and a half ago. Principal and Vice President David
Daily said the firm worked to make the building blend with the existing
buildings, and said a health clinic should feel "like home."

To see more of the Lake County Record Bee or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.record-bee.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Lake County Record Bee,
Lakeport, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090717-RY-Tribal-Health-breaks-ground-on-5.2-million-project-0717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RY


                                 Copyright 2009


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Payday lenders move online

BYLINE: By LINDSAY WISE McClatchy Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1151 words


WASHINGTON   The banner ad atop the website features a wide-eyed baby cradled in
an adult's hands with the words, "Did that special vacation for two end up
producing a third? Castle Payday has life's unexpected expenses covered."

On a growing number of sites like this one, short-term loans are just a click
away for Web-surfing borrowers, regardless of any history of bankruptcy, bounced
checks or other credit problems.

The catch is that these so-called payday loans often come with sky-high interest
rates of 400 percent or more. The Castle Payday website advertises an effective
888 annual percentage rate, meaning a 14-day loan of $500 will end up costing
the borrower $675.

Those who can't scrape together the cash to pay off the loans along with their
other bills may be tempted to take out another short-term loan to cover the
first, potentially ensnaring them in a cycle of debt.

Consumer advocates complain that companies like Castle Payday are setting up
shop on the Internet to avoid laws in some states that restrict or ban
traditional storefront payday lending.

"More and more states are cracking down on payday lending and it's a lot easier
to hide online than it is to hide in a storefront," said Ed Mierzwinski,
consumer program director for U.S. PIRG, an advocacy group.

But industry groups contend that online payday loans are legal and provide a
vital service for millions of struggling Americans with few credit options.

"Most consumers don't have the ability to get $500 or $600 in an emergency
through their banks or credit unions," said Peter Barden, spokesman for the
Online Lenders Alliance, a trade organization. "Credit card limits have been
reduced, equity loans have been reduced, so people are increasingly looking to
alternative financial services companies for short-term credit. And like with
any other industry right now, they're looking online."

Payday loans are illegal in 15 states, including North Carolina, Georgia and
Pennsylvania. Nine others   among them Washington and Florida   do allow payday
loans but enforce strict rules that limit fees, require longer repayment periods
or restrict the number of loans per customer, according to a Pew Charitable
Trust study.

In recent months, state and federal regulators have intensified pressure on
banks to stop working with online lenders. But the industry is fighting back in
court.

The legal situation is complicated by the fact that many online lending websites
are run by Native American tribes, which say their sovereign status means they
aren't subject to state laws. Castle Payday, for example, is operated by the Lac
Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians in Michigan.

The Lac Vieux joined with another tribe this month to seek an injunction against
a New York regulator, arguing that states have no authority over them.

Benjamin Lawsky, the New York superintendent of financial services, had sent
cease-and-desist orders to Castle Payday and 34 other online lenders to stop
them from making payday loans to consumers in New York, where payday loans are
illegal. Lawsky also asked more than 100 banks to deny the lenders access to the
automated system used to process electronic payments, so that they can't debit
borrowers' accounts.

In a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court, the Lac Vieux and the Otoe-Missouria
tribe of Oklahoma condemn what they describe as regulators' "bare-knuckle
attack" on tribal sovereignty. If not stopped, the suit warns, New York's
"campaign of misrepresentations, threats and coercion" will destroy tribal
businesses and devastate tribal economies.

Tribes located in impoverished and isolated areas need the proceeds from online
lending to fund their governments and essential services   everything from
education programs to new fire trucks, said Barry Brandon, executive director of
the Native American Financial Services Association, an advocacy group for tribes
involved in the online lending business.

"We have had reports from some of our member tribes that the revenues they are
producing from their online lending operations are now making up between 25 and
50 percent of the tribal budget," he said.

Brandon acknowledges there are some bad actors in the online lending business
including some companies that falsely claim affiliation with tribes   but he
says most tribal businesses operate responsibly and in accordance with federal
law.

Unfortunately, non-Indian online lenders often claim tribal sovereignty in
situations where their ties to tribes are loose at best, said Uriah King, vice
president of state policy with the Center for Responsible Lending in Durham,
N.C.

"When we scratch the surface, they don't look like tribal lenders," King said.
"They look like sham relationships that benefit the lenders, not the tribe."

In one high-profile case, the payday lending operation AMG Services Inc. in
Overland Park, Kan., claimed to be owned by the Miami and Modoc tribes of
Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux of Nebraska, yet the tribes reportedly only
received 1-2 percent of the revenue from each loan.

The real benefactor allegedly was race car driver Scott Tucker, who used $40
million collected from borrowers to sponsor his racing team, according to a
complaint filed last year by the Federal Trade Commission. Sovereign immunity
for the tribes is a very serious issue, but it shouldn't be used as a fig leaf
for predatory lending, King said.

"At the end of the day, a payday loan is a junk product that gets people deeper
into debt, and it doesn't matter if it's a bank or nonbank or a tribe, the
reality is that it's just not a good product and it doesn't matter who provides
it," he said.

Consumers also should be wary of phony online payday loan websites designed to
steal their names, Social Security numbers and bank information, he said.

A federal judge in Illinois last week ordered one such operation in Tampa, Fla.,
to halt operations after an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.

The FTC accused defendants Sean Mulrooney and Odafe Ogaga of using websites with
names such as Vantage Funding, Ideal Advance and Your Loan Funding to debit
consumers' checking accounts without their permission. Tens of thousands of
customers lost more than $5 million to the scheme.

Mulrooney and Ogaga allegedly used the scam to finance luxurious lifestyles,
complete with fancy cars   Mulrooney owned a Maserati GranTurismo, while Ogaga
owned a Rolls-Royce Ghost and a Ferrari, court documents show.

"You absolutely have no idea who you're dealing with when you take out a loan
online and you agree to let somebody put their hand in your bank account," said
Mierzwinski, the consumer advocate with U.S. PIRG. "Please step back and think:
Is there any other way I can get this money to meet my bills? Because once you
go into high-cost payday lending, whether online or in person, it's not
something you do once. It's usually something you do again and again and again."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma tribe's leader files lawsuit to challenge payday loan fines

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 364 words


The chairman of the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria tribe has filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against banking regulators in Connecticut after he was
fined for making high-interest rate loans to residents there.The Otoe-Missouria
Tribe is one of several American Indian tribes that have entered the payday
lending business in recent years. In January, the Connecticut Department of
Banking fined tribal Chairman John Shotton $700,000 for making loans to
Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest rates there.The tribal
payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC
also were fined $800,000.Shotton claims he was fined without any due process or
the ability to defend himself.His lawsuit was filed Monday against former state
Banking Commissioner Howard Pitkin and Acting Commissioner Bruce Adams in U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.Adams said Wednesday that he
could not comment on the litigation because the Connecticut attorney general's
office had not been able to review Shotton's lawsuit."We are ready to engage in
a good-faith argument on the legal issues, and test these issues in a court of
law," he said.As the elected leader of a sovereign, federally recognized tribe,
Shotton also claims that he has not been given the protections afforded to him
under the U.S. Constitution and U.S. Civil Code.In a statement, Shotton called
the fines "unprecedented, unwarranted, unconstitutional and unjustified
attacks.""The State of Connecticut, without allowing me to respond to the
allegations against me, and without any semblance of due process, has issued a
final judgment against me for $700,000. This is an example of the most egregious
form of racial discrimination and this action is a direct violation of the civil
rights afforded me under the Constitution of the United States and U.S. law,"
Shotton said in the statement.

"Every person should have the right to defend themselves, and answer to
unfounded accusations against them." I will fight this attack on our rights as
Native Americans and will continue to lead the people of the Otoe-Missouria
Tribe as we seek to care for our people and our com munity."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Oklahoma tribe's leader files lawsuit to challenge payday loan fines

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 364 words


The chairman of the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria tribe has filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against banking regulators in Connecticut after he was
fined for making high-interest rate loans to residents there.The Otoe-Missouria
Tribe is one of several American Indian tribes that have entered the payday
lending business in recent years. In January, the Connecticut Department of
Banking fined tribal Chairman John Shotton $700,000 for making loans to
Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest rates there.The tribal
payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC
also were fined $800,000.Shotton claims he was fined without any due process or
the ability to defend himself.His lawsuit was filed Monday against former state
Banking Commissioner Howard Pitkin and Acting Commissioner Bruce Adams in U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.Adams said Wednesday that he
could not comment on the litigation because the Connecticut attorney general's
office had not been able to review Shotton's lawsuit."We are ready to engage in
a good-faith argument on the legal issues, and tests these issues in a court of
law," he said.As the elected leader of a sovereign, federally recognized tribe,
Shotton also claims that he has not been given the protections afforded to him
under the U.S. Constitution and U.S. Civil Code.In a statement, Shotton called
the fines "unprecedented, unwarranted, unconstitutional and unjustified
attacks.""The State of Connecticut, without allowing me to respond to the
allegations against me, and without any semblance of due process, has issued a
final judgment against me for $700,000. This is an example of the most egregious
form of racial discrimination and this action is a direct violation of the civil
rights afforded me under the Constitution of the United States and U.S. law,"
Shotton said in the statement.

"Every person should have the right to defend themselves, and answer to
unfounded accusations against them."" I will fight this attack on our rights as
Native Americans and will continue to lead the people of the Otoe-Missouria
Tribe as we seek to care for our people and our community."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

PG&E Celebrates Collaboration with Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians and Commits
to Formalize Tribal Engagement Principles

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 SanFrancisco: Pacific Gas and Electric Company has issued the following news
release:



    Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) today announced its commitment to
formalize a set of principles to guide the company's engagement with Native
American tribes and communities. The announcement was made at an event
celebrating PG&E's long history of engagement with the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk
Indians, a federally-recognized tribe located in the central foothills of the
Sierra Nevada Mountains in Tuolumne County.





 For more than 30 years, PG&E has worked with the Tribe as a key stakeholder in
the company's hydroelectric system operations and other utility infrastructure
in the Sierras.



 "Working with native tribes to care for cultural resources is part of our
responsibility as a company that values California's rich diversity and PG&E is
committed to working closely with local communities. Creating a formal set of
principles to guide these partnerships will put in place a strong foundation for
continued collaboration and success," said PG&E Corporation Chairman, CEO and
President Tony Earley.



 During today's event at PG&E's San Francisco headquarters, the company and the
Tribe highlighted the example set by their collaborative engagement on a recent
PG&E hydroelectric maintenance project that unearthed many tribal artifacts and
cultural resources. PG&E worked closely with the Tribe to ensure all cultural
resources were managed with care and respect.



 "It's important to our people to have connections to preserve and protect our
traditional cultural heritage. Our Tribe's working relationship with PG&E
demonstrates a respect for our culture, so that our knowledge of areas will be
passed down from generation to generation," said Carlos Geisdorff, cultural
coordinator with the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians.



 The event also featured a performance by more than 20 tribal singers and
dancers and unveiled a temporary interpretive display to further educate
employees and guests about the Tribe. With a theme of "Common Ground," the
exhibit is located at PG&E's corporate headquarters and features artifacts
excavated from the hydroelectric project, as well as baskets and other items on
loan from the Tribe.



 Moving forward, PG&E's work with the Tribe will inform a set of principles to
guide the company's continuing engagement with the approximately 100 Native
American tribal entities within its service area -- in keeping with the
company's commitment to continuous improvement and respect for the diversity of
the customers and communities it serves.



 "PG&E deserves to be commended for publicly establishing the principles it will
follow when working with Native American tribes. The company is setting a
standard for how to collaborate with, and show respect for, the needs and
interests of tribal communities," said former Deputy Secretary of the Interior
David J. Hayes, now a member of PG&E's Sustainability Advisory Council.



 "The relationship between PG&E and the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians is a
positive example that other corporations can follow in engaging with Native
American tribes. NCAI applauds PG&E for establishing formal protocols to
respectfully govern its interactions with tribal nations; such established
corporate principles can help ensure that regular, meaningful consultation is
not haphazard, but part of its core business philosophy," said Jacqueline Pata,
executive director of the National Congress of American Indians.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

N.Y. Can Regulate Lenders with Tribal Ties, Judge Rules

BYLINE: Chris Cumming

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 152

LENGTH: 418  words


A federal court has ruled that state regulators have the authority over online
lenders that operate from Native American land.

The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York ruled Monday that
the state can block payday lenders from making loans to state residents even
when loans are originated from offices on tribal land. Judge Richard Sullivan
denied a request for preliminary injunction filed by the Otoe-Missouria Tribe of
Indians, arguing that the loans fall under the state's authority because they
affect the state's residents.

"The undisputed facts demonstrate that the activity the State seeks to regulate
is taking place in New York, off of the Tribes' lands," Sullivan wrote in the
opinion.

In August, Benjamin Lawsky, the superintendent of New York's Department of
Financial Services, sent cease and desist letters to 35 companies that offer
online loans in New York, threatening them with legal action if they continued
making loans to New Yorkers. Lawsky's office claimed that the companies' loans
violated New York's 16% usury cap.

At the same time, the DFS asked for the assistance of the National Automated
Clearing House Association, as well as 117 banks and payday loan programs, in
cutting off the payday lenders' access to the ACH network. Following the
crackdown, several payday lenders with tribal ties shut down, citing their
inability to access the payments network.

The case was filed in August by a group of federally recognized Indian tribes in
Oklahoma and Michigan, who sought to permanently prevent New York from
interfering with their online-lending business, arguing that the DFS' action is
a violation of their territorial sovereignty as granted in the Constitution.

The tribes also said that the regulator's actions would cripple their ability to
provide their members with basic services. Online lending is one of the tribes'
largest revenue streams and accounts for a large percentage of the tribes'
budget for government services, they said.

"The State's aim is to protect New York consumers from predatory loans in New
York, and the detrimental effect of the enforcement action on the Tribes is
merely a collateral consequence of the laws' goal," Sullivan wrote.

New York's regulators have been the most active of any state's in seeking to
curtail online lending that violates the interest rate cap. On Monday, New York
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ordered five payday lenders to reimburse
their customers and cease their efforts to collect on their loans.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      December 16, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

NAFSA Applauds CFPB Enforcement Action Against Fraudulent Lending Practices by
CashCall

LENGTH: 339  words


New Delhi, Dec. 16 -- Following a decision by the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau (CFPB) to take enforcement actions against CashCall and WS Funding - an
online lender which does not operate under tribal law or abide by tribal
regulatory bodies and is not wholly-owned by a federally-recognized tribe, Barry
Brandon, Executive Director of the Native American Financial Services
Association (NAFSA) today released the following statement:



"It is incumbent on the CFPB to understand the difference between CashCall / WS
Funding and NAFSA's members, which it makes very clear in the complaint filed
today by stating: 'Western Sky Financial, LLC is an online lender. It is owned
by a member of the Cheyenne River Sioux Indian Reservation, but is not owned or
operated by a tribe or tribal entity. Western Sky is a limited-liability company
organized under the laws of South Dakota. It purports that loans made in its
name are subject only to the laws of the Cheyenne River Sioux Indian
Reservation.' (Paragraph 18 of CFPB Complaint).

"NAFSA sets the bar high for our members. Our member tribes follow all
applicable tribal and federal laws and agree to abide by a strict set of
industry-leading best practices to ensure that consumers can trust NAFSA members
to honor their rights, protect their privacy, treat them fairly, and constantly
strive to offer innovative financial products. CashCall does not abide by these
consumer-friendly practices, is not an enterprise wholly owned by a
federally-recognized tribe, is not regulated by a tribal regulatory lending
authority, does not operate according to tribal law, and breaks the covenants
meant to benefit tribal governments and their members.

"Our member tribes support this move by the CFPB and will continue to abide by
the highest possible lending standards. We expect the CFPB to take precaution in
understanding these distinguishing characteristics between illegal CashCall / WS
Funding products and properly-structured small dollar loan products offered by
our tribal governments.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

TOWN SQUARE

BYLINE: KATIE HUMPHREY; DAVID PETERSON; DEAN SPIROS; DYLAN BELDEN; STAFF
WRITERS, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2AA

LENGTH: 840 words



HIGHLIGHT: BRIEFLY


PRIOR LAKE

Tribal giving report

The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community gave away $30.3 million in fiscal year
2009 to other Indian tribes and to a variety of causes, officials have
announced.

The cumulative donation total over 12 years has risen to $162.5 million,
officials said. The tribe gets most of its money from the Mystic Lake Casino.

In a year when threats of a public "racino" at Canterbury Park in Shakopee
likely caused nervousness within the tribe, officials also chose this year to
report their loans to other tribes as a way of publicly stressing the extent of
their assistance to poorer Native Americans.

The tribe said that it also had loaned $129 million to six tribes "for projects
ranging from new casinos to community infrastructure development," adding that
the grand total over the years has been "over half a billion dollars in loans
and grants to Indian Country."

In 2009, grants went to 20 tribal nations for $17.5 million. Seven are located
in Minnesota. End uses included housing, a tribal nursing home and a walleye
fishery. The 2009 fiscal year represents the period from October 2008 to
September 2009.

A 52-page report detailing the donations can be found at
www.shakopeedakota.org/2donations.html.

APPLE VALLEY

Zoo lecture series

Experts at the Minnesota Zoo are launching a free backyard lecture series this
spring.

The first session, at 6:30 p.m. April 29, is called Native Plants for
Landscaping and Restoration. It features horticulture supervisor Kim Thomas and
natural resource specialist Janet Van Sloun Larson, and promises to show
backyard gardeners how they could help "bring back the endangered Karner Blue
Butterfly."

Future topics and dates:

- Rain barrels and backyard composting, June 10.

- Attracting butterflies, July 14.

- Buckthorn and invasive species, Sept. 23.

Online registration is at mnzoo.org/events/lectureSeries.asp.

LAKEVILLE

Waffle breakfast will benefit senior center

The Lakeville Senior Center will host a Belgian waffle breakfast from 8 a.m. to
12:30 p.m. April 25. The cost is $6.50 for adults, $4.50 for children ages 6-12
and free for those 5 and under.

The menu will include all-you-can-eat waffles, sausage, orange juice and coffee.
Take-out will be available. Tickets are available at the senior center 9 a.m. to
4 p.m. weekdays through April 23; tickets are also available at the door. All
proceeds benefit the Lakeville Senior Center.

The center is at 20732 Holt Av. For more information call 952-985-4622.

BURNSVILLE

Rotary concert

The Burnsville Rotary Club will hold its 35th annual Concert for Caring on April
24 at the Burnsville Performing Arts Center. The fundraiser, which benefits
local nonprofits and charities, will feature area artists, musicians, dancers
and comedians.

Free snacks and a cash bar will be available at the event, which begins at 7
p.m. Tickets are $15 and $25 and can be purchased from any Burnsville Rotary
member, at the PAC box office and online at www.concertforcaring.org.

Mentors are sought

Learn about how to become a mentor for a child during a Kids-N-Kinship
information session from 6 to 6:45 p.m. April 26 at the Burnhaven Library.

RSVP for the session by calling 952-892-6368. The library is at 1101 W. County
Road 42. For more information, see www.kidsnkinship.org.

DAKOTA COUNTY

Trash pick-up day

Get out in the wild to celebrate Earth Day and help clean Dakota County parks at
the same time.

Earth Day is midweek, but trash bags will be available at the Lebanon Hills
Visitor Center on April 24 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for people who want to help.

More information about county parks and programs for children and families can
be found online at www.dakotacounty.us/parks.

Bilingual library event

Libraries in Lakeville and West St. Paul are hosting free events this month to
celebrate El Dia de los Ninos/El Dia de Los Libros (Children's Day/Book Day).

The festivities at Heritage Library in Lakevile will run from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
on Saturday and feature Latin music by Leo and Kathy Lara and the Mariachi Band,
Trio Mexico. There will be Spanish and English story times for kids, crafts and
a pinata to break.

The Wentworth Library in West St. Paul will reprise the celebration from 1 p.m.
to 4 p.m. on April 24 with music, Rosie the Clown, craft activities and
Spanish-language story time. There will also be a book giveaway for children.

At both events, community nonprofits and organizations like the YMCA and 360
Communities will be on hand to tell parents about their services and programs.

For more information, call 651-450-2942 or visit www.dakotacounty.us/library.

ROSEMOUNT

Financial award

The Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada has
lauded Rosemount's financial record keeping for the 13th consecutive year.

The city recently claimed its Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in
Financial Reporting from the Chicago-based group.

The award, presented to Rosemount Finance Director Jeffrey May, recognizes
governmental accounting and financial reporting.

KATIE HUMPHREY, DAVID PETERSON, DEAN SPIROS AND DYLAN BELDEN

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday

Navajo Nation in danger of losing $3.5 million

BYLINE: &mdash; By Alysa Landry &mdash; The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 763 words


The Navajo Nation may lose as much as $3.5 million in loans this week as two
banks prepare to collect.

Native American Bank in Denver and JP Morgan Chase have called loans after two
Navajo businesses failed to make payments, and both banks have indicated they
are ready to collect, said LoRenzo Bates, who sits on the Navajo Tribal
Council's Budget and Finance Committee.

The companies, Biochemical Decontamination Systems Manufacturing Inc. and Diné
Poultry Products, both are in danger of defaulting on their loans. The combined
loss will consume more than half of the Navajo Dam Escrow Account, which is
valued at about $6 million.

"The loans have already been called," Bates said. "The banks could have
collected already, and they can do it anytime."

BCDS folded last year after the Navajo Nation ousted its chief executive
officer, Hak Ghun.

A Daily Times investigation into Ghun's background revealed that he had a
history of fraud prior to the BCDS project. Nevertheless, he and his proposal
were approved by the tribe, which backed the loan with tribal money.

Ghun then used $3 million in BCDS money to pay personal expenses, including more
than $500,000 at casinos, $13,000 on golf, $28,000 on vehicles, $165 in checks
made out to relatives and nearly $1.5 million in cash withdrawals, a Navajo
audit found.

The Nation owns 51 percent of BCDS, a corporation created to seek large federal
government contracts for the sale of metal fabrication products. The Nation
invested $300,000 in the company in 2003 from the Business and Industrial
Development Fund.

In July 2006, the Nation approved using the Navajo Dam Escrow Fund, an account
established through settlement between the Nation and the city of Farmington, to
back a $2.2 million JP Morgan Chase loan to finance a 100,000-square-foot
expansion of BCDS. Navajo President Joe Shirley Jr. signed an agreement with the
bank in September 2006.

A year later, however, BCDS had missed several interest payments and used loan
dollars to pay for a $900,000 reverse osmosis system.

Ghun fled the area and the Nation took over the loan payments, but it has failed
to find a business willing to take over, Bates said.

"The Nation has managed to extend the payments through collateral, but there has
been no movement in finding a business willing to take on the debt," he said.
"It has failed to make any progress."

The Nation will not bail out Diné Poultry Products, Bates said. Native American
Bank called its $1.2 million loan to the egg farm two weeks ago, stating the
company was nearly two months delinquent on a $16,000 payment.

Diné Poultry Products is an independent company with no financial ties to the
Navajo Nation. If it defaults on its loan, however, the Nation stands to lose
$1.2 million from the Navajo Dam Escrow Account and its personal liability
protection.

The project also pulled $400,000 from the Tribal Infrastructure fund and $1.5
million from the New Mexico Department of Economic development.

The project got off to a rocky start, undergoing a massive restructuring effort
shortly after it broke ground in the Huerfano Chapter. Wilson Ray, president of
project's board of directors, refused to comment on the farm.

"I'd rather not talk until all this negative (publicity) is over," he said.

He confirmed that plans call for the egg farm to be located on U.S. 550 in the
Huerfano Chapter, and said the project is "still going to happen."

The poultry farm was expected to produce 145 million marketable table eggs every
year for distribution mainly to federal government entities in the western
United States, but it has yet to produce its first egg.

The business is anticipating approval of a $7 million loan from the U.S.
Department of the Interior, but the loan first must be approved by the Bureau of
Indian Affairs, Bates said. Navajo President Shirley reportedly was in
Washington, D.C., to lobby on behalf of the loan.

Neither Shirley nor his spokesman could be reached for comment Tuesday.

"The Nation doesn't have any responsibility because this is a private business,"
Bates said. "The Nation has no interest in it outside the collateral. Our
interest right now is trying to protect the Navajo Dam Escrow Account. We'll do
whatever we can to protect that."

If the loan goes through, however, the Nation will be the largest creditor.

The tribe still is looking favorably on the egg farm, calling it a viable
enterprise.

"It's not looking good right now, but it's still a project that has
opportunities," Bates said.

Diné Poultry Products has a mailing address in Bloomfield, but the phone number
listed is not in service.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               1st Tribal Lending

                             904980 223 N East Ave
                              Tahlequah,  OK 74464
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (918) 458-4220
URL: www.1tribal.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   1st Tribal Lending is also committed to the Native American Tribal Members in
urbanized areas. We continue to outreach to those Native American Tribal Members
who are unaware they have access to this wonderful program. Thousands of tribal
members have successfully purchased homes in urban areas using the HUD Section
184 loan.  Why use anyone else?

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

CFPB Wins Court Case Against CashCall's 'Tribal Model'

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: LAW & REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 170

LENGTH: 569  words


A federal district court handed the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau a major
victory this week by ruling that the online loan servicer CashCall engaged in
unfair, deceptive and abusive practices by using a "tribal model" to collect on
loans in states with usury caps.

The U.S. District Court for the Central District of California on Wednesday
granted partial summary judgment to the CFPB in a 2013 lawsuit that essentially
turned a violation of state usury law into a federal violation of unfair,
deceptive and abusive acts and practices, known as UDAAP.

CashCall, of Orange, Calif., had teamed up with the now-defunct tribal lender
Western Sky Financial in a "rent-a-bank" scheme to take advantage of a federally
insured bank's exemption from state usury limits.

CashCall and its subsidiary WS Funding acquired and serviced loans made by
Western Sky, which claimed immunity from state interest rate caps due to an
affiliation with a sovereign Native American tribe, the Cheyenne River Sioux
Tribe. The loans ranged from $850 to $10,000 and typically had upfront fees,
lengthy repayment terms and annual interest rates ranging from 90% to 343%, the
CFPB said.

The court found that CashCall, not Western Sky, was the true lender and that,
despite the tribal affiliation, the laws of the borrowers' home states applied
to the loan agreements. The court also ruled that the loan agreements are void
and uncollectible under the laws of 16 states.

"The court concludes that the entire monetary burden and risk of the loan
program was placed on CashCall, such that CashCall, and not Western Sky, had the
predominant economic interest in the loans and was the 'true lender' and real
party in interest," the court stated in a 16-page ruling.

The court also found CashCall's owner, J. Paul Reddam, individually liable. Dan
Baren, CashCall's general counsel, did not return a call seeking comment. The
CFPB declined to comment.

James Kim, of counsel at Ballard Spahr, said the case is particularly
significant for investors.

"If you hold loans and they are not valid under state law at the time of
origination and you seek to collect on the loans, you may be committing a UDAAP
violation," said Kim. "Nobody wants to get stuck with a bunch of bad loans. It
used to be just a credit asset risk, now it's a regulatory risk for the
noteholders or investors as well."

Western Sky stopped accepting loan applications in 2013 after it was targeted in
several state investigations. But CashCall had continued to automatically
withdraw monthly payments from customers' accounts even though the loans were
voided as a result of state probe.

The court said it basically agreed with the CFPB's "true lender" theory and
concluded that 16 states have "a fundamental public policy in protecting its
citizens from usurious loans and unlicensed lenders by enacting statutes that
render contracts that violate those policies void and/or uncollectible."

The CFPB is prohibited by the Dodd-Frank Act from setting interest rate caps.
While Congress did not intend to turn every violation of state law into a
violation of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, the court found
"that does not mean that a violation of state law can never be a violation of
the CFPA."

The court also found CashCall and Delbert Services, its Nevada-based collection
agent, violated the CFPA by servicing and collecting on loans where payments
were not due and owed.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma tribe is fined for online payday lending operations

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 476 words


The leader of the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe and two Internet payday
loan companies it owns have been fined $1.5 million by banking regulators in
Connecticut for making high-interest rate loans to residents there.The
Connecticut Department of Banking on Monday fined Tribal Chairman John Shotton
$700,000 for making loans to Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest
rates there. The tribal payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and
Clear Creek Lending LLC were fined $800,000.The payday lending companies are
part of a handful of business enterprises the Otoe-Missouria Tribe operates,
including a propane company, four casinos and a 900-acre cattle ranch.The tribe
had argued that its tribal sovereignty made its payday lending companies immune
to Connecticut state law. However, Connecticut Banking Department Commissioner
Howard F. Pitkin dismissed that argument in a ruling Monday as a "can't catch me
defense.""Sovereignty doesn't mean the laws don't apply to you - we are
enforcing Connecticut law," said Bruce Adams, chief legal counsel for the
Connecticut Banking Department.The tribe's payday lending companies came to the
attention of Connecticut regulators after receiving complaints from residents
there who had taken out loans with annualized interest rates that topped 400
percent in some cases, Adams said.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several
American Indian tribes that have entered the payday lending business in recent
years.

In 2012, The Federal Trade Commission moved to file a federal lawsuit in Nevada
to shut down several payday lending companies operated by the Miami Tribe of
Oklahoma and the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma.The litigation is ongoing.Like the
Otoe-Missouria Tribe, the Miami and Modoc tribes, based in Miami, OK, have
argued their sovereign status protects them from many state and federal lending
laws.In May, a U.S. District Court judge ruled the Miami and Modoc-owned
companies violated federal law by giving inaccurate loan information to
borrowers and by requiring consumers to preauthorize electronic withdrawals from
their bank accounts to obtain loans.In a statement, Shotton said the
Otoe-Missouria tribe plans to take legal action to challenge the Connecticut
fines."Like every Native American nation, the Otoe-Missouria have fought for
generations to preserve our sovereignty, protect our way of life, and pursue
economic independence - fundamental rights that are enjoyed by most Americans,"
Shotton said. "This attack, yet another assault on Indian country, forces us to
defend these basic human rights. Our tribally owned enterprises fund health
care, education and other programs that are critical to our tribe and the people
of northern Oklahoma. We will fight vigorously against the State of Connecticut
and any others who seek to strip us of these basic human rights."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma tribe is fined for online payday lending operations

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


The leader of the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe and two Internet payday
loan companies it owns have been fined $1.5 million by banking regulators in
Connecticut for making high-interest rate loans to residents there.The
Connecticut Department of Banking on Monday fined Tribal Chairman John Shotton
$700,000 for making loans to Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest
rates there. The tribal payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and
Clear Creek Lending LLC were fined $800,000.The payday lending companies are
part of a handful of business enterprises the Otoe-Missouria Tribe operates,
including a propane company, four casinos and a 900-acre cattle ranch.The tribe
had argued that its tribal sovereignty made its payday lending companies immune
to Connecticut state law. However, Connecticut Banking Department Commissioner
Howard F. Pitkin dismissed that argument in a ruling Monday as a "can't catch me
defense.""Sovereignty doesn't mean the laws don't apply to you - we are
enforcing Connecticut law," said Bruce Adams, chief legal counsel for the
Connecticut Banking Department.The tribe's payday lending companies came to the
attention of Connecticut regulators after receiving complaints from residents
there who had taken out loans with annualized interest rates that topped 400
percent in some cases, Adams said.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several
American Indian tribes that have entered the payday lending business in recent
years.

In 2012, The Federal Trade Commission moved to file a federal lawsuit in Nevada
to shut down several payday lending companies operated by the Miami Tribe of
Oklahoma and the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma.The litigation is ongoing.Like the
Otoe-Missouria Tribe, the Miami and Modoc tribes, based in Miami, OK, have
argued their sovereign status protects them from many state and federal lending
laws.In May, a U.S. District Court judge ruled the Miami and Modoc-owned
companies violated federal law by giving inaccurate loan information to
borrowers and by requiring consumers to preauthorize electronic withdrawals from
their bank accounts to obtain loans.In a statement, Shotton said the
Otoe-Missouria tribe plans to take legal action to challenge the Connecticut
fines."Like every Native American nation, the Otoe-Missouria have fought for
generations to preserve our sovereignty, protect our way of life, and pursue
economic independence - fundamental rights that are enjoyed by most Americans,"
Shotton said. "This attack, yet another assault on Indian country, forces us to
defend these basic human rights. Our tribally owned enterprises fund health
care, education and other programs that are critical to our tribe and the people
of northern Oklahoma. We will fight vigorously against the State of Connecticut
and any others who seek to strip us of these basic human rights."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Oklahoma tribe is fined for online payday lending operations

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 476 words


The leader of the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe and two Internet payday
loan companies it owns have been fined $1.5 million by banking regulators in
Connecticut for making high-interest rate loans to residents there.The
Connecticut Department of Banking on Monday fined Tribal Chairman John Shotton
$700,000 for making loans to Connecticut residents that violate caps on interest
rates there. The tribal payday lending companies Great Plains Lending LLC and
Clear Creek Lending LLC were fined $800,000.The payday lending companies are
part of a handful of business enterprises the Otoe-Missouria Tribe operates,
including a propane company, four casinos and a 900-acre cattle ranch.The tribe
had argued that its tribal sovereignty made its payday lending companies immune
to Connecticut state law. However, Connecticut Banking Department Commissioner
Howard F. Pitkin dismissed that argument in a ruling Monday as a "can't catch me
defense.""Sovereignty doesn't mean the laws don't apply to you - we are
enforcing Connecticut law," said Bruce Adams, chief legal counsel for the
Connecticut Banking Department.The tribe's payday lending companies came to the
attention of Connecticut regulators after receiving complaints from residents
there who had taken out loans with annualized interest rates that topped 400
percent in some cases, Adams said.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several
American Indian tribes that have entered the payday lending business in recent
years.

In 2012, The Federal Trade Commission moved to file a federal lawsuit in Nevada
to shut down several payday lending companies operated by the Miami Tribe of
Oklahoma and the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma.The litigation is ongoing.Like the
Otoe-Missouria Tribe, the Miami and Modoc tribes, based in Miami, OK, have
argued their sovereign status protects them from many state and federal lending
laws.In May, a U.S. District Court judge ruled the Miami and Modoc-owned
companies violated federal law by giving inaccurate loan information to
borrowers and by requiring consumers to preauthorize electronic withdrawals from
their bank accounts to obtain loans.In a statement, Shotton said the
Otoe-Missouria tribe plans to take legal action to challenge the Connecticut
fines."Like every Native American nation, the Otoe-Missouria have fought for
generations to preserve our sovereignty, protect our way of life, and pursue
economic independence - fundamental rights that are enjoyed by most Americans,"
Shotton said. "This attack, yet another assault on Indian country, forces us to
defend these basic human rights. Our tribally owned enterprises fund health
care, education and other programs that are critical to our tribe and the people
of northern Oklahoma. We will fight vigorously against the State of Connecticut
and any others who seek to strip us of these basic human rights."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

PG&E Celebrates Collaboration with Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians and Commits
to Formalize Tribal Engagement Principles

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 San Francisco: Pacific Gas and Electric Company has issued the following news
release:



  Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) today announced its commitment to
formalize a set of principles to guide the company's engagement with Native
American tribes and communities. The announcement was made at an event
celebrating PG&E's long history of engagement with the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk
Indians, a federally-recognized tribe located in the central foothills of the
Sierra Nevada Mountains in Tuolumne County.





 For more than 30 years, PG&E has worked with the Tribe as a key stakeholder in
the company's hydroelectric system operations and other utility infrastructure
in the Sierras.



 "Working with native tribes to care for cultural resources is part of our
responsibility as a company that values California's rich diversity and PG&E is
committed to working closely with local communities. Creating a formal set of
principles to guide these partnerships will put in place a strong foundation for
continued collaboration and success," said PG&E Corporation Chairman, CEO and
President Tony Earley.



 During today's event at PG&E's San Francisco headquarters, the company and the
Tribe highlighted the example set by their collaborative engagement on a recent
PG&E hydroelectric maintenance project that unearthed many tribal artifacts and
cultural resources. PG&E worked closely with the Tribe to ensure all cultural
resources were managed with care and respect.



 "It's important to our people to have connections to preserve and protect our
traditional cultural heritage. Our Tribe's working relationship with PG&E
demonstrates a respect for our culture, so that our knowledge of areas will be
passed down from generation to generation," said Carlos Geisdorff, cultural
coordinator with the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians.



 The event also featured a performance by more than 20 tribal singers and
dancers and unveiled a temporary interpretive display to further educate
employees and guests about the Tribe. With a theme of "Common Ground," the
exhibit is located at PG&E's corporate headquarters and features artifacts
excavated from the hydroelectric project, as well as baskets and other items on
loan from the Tribe.



 Moving forward, PG&E's work with the Tribe will inform a set of principles to
guide the company's continuing engagement with the approximately 100 Native
American tribal entities within its service area -- in keeping with the
company's commitment to continuous improvement and respect for the diversity of
the customers and communities it serves.



 "PG&E deserves to be commended for publicly establishing the principles it will
follow when working with Native American tribes. The company is setting a
standard for how to collaborate with, and show respect for, the needs and
interests of tribal communities," said former Deputy Secretary of the Interior
David J. Hayes, now a member of PG&E's Sustainability Advisory Council.



 "The relationship between PG&E and the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians is a
positive example that other corporations can follow in engaging with Native
American tribes. NCAI applauds PG&E for establishing formal protocols to
respectfully govern its interactions with tribal nations; such established
corporate principles can help ensure that regular, meaningful consultation is
not haphazard, but part of its core business philosophy," said Jacqueline Pata,
executive director of the National Congress of American Indians.



 About PG&E



 Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a subsidiary of PG&E Corporation (NYSE:PCG),
is one of the largest combined natural gas and electric utilities in the United
States. Based in San Francisco, with more than 20,000 employees, the company
delivers some of the nation's cleanest energy to nearly 16 million people in
Northern and Central California. For more information, visit www.pge.com/ and
www.pge.com/en/about/newsroom/index.page.



 About the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians



 The Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians has a long and rich history in the
foothills of the central Sierra Nevada Mountains, dating back thousands of
years. In keeping with our traditional cultural heritage, this knowledge is
passed down from generation to generation as evidenced by numerous cultural
landscapes maintained by the people. As stewards of the land, it's our
responsibility to protect and preserve our heritage for future generations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Why Banking Native Americans Remains a Tough Sell

BYLINE: Allison Prang

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 211

LENGTH: 890  words


Doug Bystry recalls stumbling across a health food bar that specialized in
buffalo-based dishes.

Native American Natural Foods, based on a reservation in South Dakota, had
struggled to get a loan despite approaching a number of banks.

Bystry, president and chief executive of Clearinghouse CDFI in Lake Forest,
Calif., decided to get involved. It took some convincing, but the bank in total
loaned the business $750,000.

While Clearinghouse has expanded its outreach in the last year to offer loans to
all tribes west of the Mississippi River, Bystry said it hasn't been easy
getting everyone comfortable with the concept. "I've had some of my board
members and people that I respect immensely basically express concern about
additional risk," he said.

"For us, it's an additional risk but it's one that we feel is central to our
mission" as a community development financial institution, Bystry said. "A
strong majority of [our] shareholders support the efforts we're doing. " We just
feel like maybe we can help."

A number of mainstream banks also actively lend to Native American groups,
including Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Bancorp. A big
reason for banks' reshaped perspective over the years is the casino industry,
industry experts said.

Banks "were very, very hesitant to get involved" with Native American
enterprises until the gaming industry took off, said Kate Spilde, a professor at
San Diego State University who has worked with tribes for more than 20 years.

Banks "are less fearful" of lending to Native Americans now, Spilde said.
Bankers, meanwhile, "are human, and they see that the money they lend is really
changing lives."

Legislation also helped bridge the gap between bankers and tribes, industry
experts said.

The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1998 allowed tribes to "invest in gambling
enterprises," while using returns to invest in areas such as education, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency noted in a recent report. Twelve years
later, the Tribal State Gaming Compact allowed 61 tribes to open casinos, while
providing banks the "legal assurance they felt they needed in order to enter
that market," Spilde said.

"They just came rushing in to lend," Spilde said.

Legislative intervention "created some clarity around Native Americans' ability
to engage in gaming," said Dawson Her Many Horses, a relationship manager at
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and a member of South Dakota's Rosewood Sioux
tribe. As part of his company's middle-market gaming group, Her Many Horses
works with bankers and tribes in areas such as gaming, governmental financing
and economic development.

Working with tribes is "an opportunity to do more financing, but it's also an
opportunity to help our Native American clients," Her Many Horses said. Having
multiple banks allows the lenders to divvy up the debt and, by extension, the
risk.

Financing has also become more competitive, Her Many Horses said. Tribes "have
more options today than they might have 50 years ago."

The situation isn't sunny on all fronts.

Tribes in rural areas often struggle to access capital, said Dante Desiderio,
executive director of the Native American Financial Officers Association.

The OCC echoed that view in its report.

"Although sources providing hard data for commercial activity in Indian Country
are scarce, there is plenty of anecdotal evidence pointing to severe shortages
in commercial credit," the OCC report said.

"Many lenders are unfamiliar with this market," the report added. "Indian tribes
and reservation-based communities exist and operate within a unique legal and
governmental framework that can make the enforcement of traditional bank
agreements less predictable."

Also, tribes lack control over their land. "The U.S. government has a 'trust
responsibility' for Indian assets, including land," the OCC said.

There is enough opportunity to convince bankers to work around those challenges.

KeyCorp, for instance, formed a six-person group in 2005 to work exclusively
with Native American communities, said Mike Lettig, the Cleveland company's
national executive for Native American financial services and agriculture
business. "Banks have been willing to participate in providing access capital "
predominantly centered around gaming," he said.

It would be better if more financial firms would get "more involved in
developing solutions for the roads, water [and] governmental infrastructure,"
Lettig said, adding that anywhere from 15 to 20 banks are willing to do business
on reservations.

"It's just not enough," Lettig said.

Desiderio, meanwhile, has turned to the federal government for help. Last year,
in written testimony before the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
hehighlighted waysthe government could improve access to capital on
reservations. He suggested creating "incentives for banks to lend to emerging
tribal communities either directly or through partnerships."

Bystry at Clearinghouse believes the incentive for his group is fulfilling its
charge of community development. The group has so far made about $16 million in
loans to Native American entities.

Still, it isn't easy to meet that objective.

"This is really hard lending," Bystry said. "The problems are so vast that it's
probably easier just to say forget it but as a [CDFI] that's kind of what
motivates us to get up in the morning."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Why Banking Native Americans Remains a Tough Sell

BYLINE: Allison Prang

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 890  words


Doug Bystry recalls stumbling across a health food bar that specialized in
buffalo-based dishes.

Native American Natural Foods, based on a reservation in South Dakota, had
struggled to get a loan despite approaching a number of banks.

Bystry, president and chief executive of Clearinghouse CDFI in Lake Forest,
Calif., decided to get involved. It took some convincing, but the bank in total
loaned the business $750,000.

While Clearinghouse has expanded its outreach in the last year to offer loans to
all tribes west of the Mississippi River, Bystry said it hasn't been easy
getting everyone comfortable with the concept. "I've had some of my board
members and people that I respect immensely basically express concern about
additional risk," he said.

"For us, it's an additional risk but it's one that we feel is central to our
mission" as a community development financial institution, Bystry said. "A
strong majority of [our] shareholders support the efforts we're doing. " We just
feel like maybe we can help."

A number of mainstream banks also actively lend to Native American groups,
including Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Bancorp. A big
reason for banks' reshaped perspective over the years is the casino industry,
industry experts said.

Banks "were very, very hesitant to get involved" with Native American
enterprises until the gaming industry took off, said Kate Spilde, a professor at
San Diego State University who has worked with tribes for more than 20 years.

Banks "are less fearful" of lending to Native Americans now, Spilde said.
Bankers, meanwhile, "are human, and they see that the money they lend is really
changing lives."

Legislation also helped bridge the gap between bankers and tribes, industry
experts said.

The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1998 allowed tribes to "invest in gambling
enterprises," while using returns to invest in areas such as education, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency noted in a recent report. Twelve years
later, the Tribal State Gaming Compact allowed 61 tribes to open casinos, while
providing banks the "legal assurance they felt they needed in order to enter
that market," Spilde said.

"They just came rushing in to lend," Spilde said.

Legislative intervention "created some clarity around Native Americans' ability
to engage in gaming," said Dawson Her Many Horses, a relationship manager at
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and a member of South Dakota's Rosewood Sioux
tribe. As part of his company's middle-market gaming group, Her Many Horses
works with bankers and tribes in areas such as gaming, governmental financing
and economic development.

Working with tribes is "an opportunity to do more financing, but it's also an
opportunity to help our Native American clients," Her Many Horses said. Having
multiple banks allows the lenders to divvy up the debt and, by extension, the
risk.

Financing has also become more competitive, Her Many Horses said. Tribes "have
more options today than they might have 50 years ago."

The situation isn't sunny on all fronts.

Tribes in rural areas often struggle to access capital, said Dante Desiderio,
executive director of the Native American Financial Officers Association.

The OCC echoed that view in its report.

"Although sources providing hard data for commercial activity in Indian Country
are scarce, there is plenty of anecdotal evidence pointing to severe shortages
in commercial credit," the OCC report said.

"Many lenders are unfamiliar with this market," the report added. "Indian tribes
and reservation-based communities exist and operate within a unique legal and
governmental framework that can make the enforcement of traditional bank
agreements less predictable."

Also, tribes lack control over their land. "The U.S. government has a 'trust
responsibility' for Indian assets, including land," the OCC said.

There is enough opportunity to convince bankers to work around those challenges.

KeyCorp, for instance, formed a six-person group in 2005 to work exclusively
with Native American communities, said Mike Lettig, the Cleveland company's
national executive for Native American financial services and agriculture
business. "Banks have been willing to participate in providing access capital "
predominantly centered around gaming," he said.

It would be better if more financial firms would get "more involved in
developing solutions for the roads, water [and] governmental infrastructure,"
Lettig said, adding that anywhere from 15 to 20 banks are willing to do business
on reservations.

"It's just not enough," Lettig said.

Desiderio, meanwhile, has turned to the federal government for help. Last year,
in written testimony before the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
hehighlighted waysthe government could improve access to capital on
reservations. He suggested creating "incentives for banks to lend to emerging
tribal communities either directly or through partnerships."

Bystry at Clearinghouse believes the incentive for his group is fulfilling its
charge of community development. The group has so far made about $16 million in
loans to Native American entities.

Still, it isn't easy to meet that objective.

"This is really hard lending," Bystry said. "The problems are so vast that it's
probably easier just to say forget it but as a [CDFI] that's kind of what
motivates us to get up in the morning."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Federal judge dismisses tribal chairman's lawsuit against banking regulators

BYLINE: BY BRIANNA BAILEY Business Writer bbailey@oklahoman.comÂ

SECTION:

LENGTH: 399 words


A federal judge has dismissed a civil rights lawsuit filed by the chairman of
the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe against banking regulators in
Connecticut.&nbsp;Otoe-Missouria Chairman John Shotton filed the lawsuit in U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma in March after he was fined
in connection with an online payday lending company owned by the tribe that made
high-interest rate loans to Connecticut residents.&nbsp;In an eight-page ruling
handed down Aug. 28, U.S. District Court Judge Joe Heaton said the court lacked
jurisdiction over the matter, but did not rule on the other issues in the
case.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several tribes that have entered the
payday lending business in recent years. In January, the Connecticut Department
of Banking fined Shotton $700,000 for making loans to Connecticut residents that
violate caps on interest rates there.The tribal payday lending companies Great
Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC also were fined $800,000.The
tribe is considering its legal options in the matter, Heather Payne, spokeswoman
for the Otoe-Missouria Tribe, said in a statement.&nbsp;&nbsp;"The
Otoe-Missouria Tribe is currently investigating every available legal option and
will continue to fight for Chairman Shotton's civil rights as an individual and
elected tribal official, and for the ability of all Native American tribes to
pursue legal economic development without discrimination and intimidation from
bureaucrats," Payne said.Shotton sued former Connecticut Banking Commissioner
Howard Pitkin and Acting Commissioner Bruce Adams, claiming he was fined without
any due process or the ability to defend himself.

He also claimed the tribe's sovereign status should protect him from prosecution
in Connecticut.&nbsp;In a statement, Adams called Heaton's rulling
"well-reasoned.""We look forward to litigating the real issues in Connecticut
state court. This case is not about tribal immunity from suit -&nbsp;it is about
whether Connecticut has the sovereign power to enforce its laws within its
borders," Adams said. "All one needs to do to demonstrate the fundamental
unfairness of the tribal lending companies position is to flip the facts around.
Imagine the public reaction if Connecticut set up an Internet company to violate
the Otoe-Missouria's own usury cap and started giving payday loans to tribal
members."


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Western Sky Suspends Operations, Lashes Out at Regulators

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 136

LENGTH: 617  words


Western Sky Financial, a high-cost online lender that recently came into the
crosshairs of New York authorities, said Tuesday that 94 of its employees have
lost their jobs as a result of its decision to suspend operations.

In a news release, the company lashed out at state regulators that have accused
Western Sky of operating illegally. The company, which was based on the Cheyenne
River Indian Reservation in South Dakota, maintains that it is not subject to
state laws because of tribal sovereignty.

"I'm deeply saddened that so many members of the Cheyenne River Sioux tribe have
had their lives turned upside down because of regulators and bureaucrats
thousands of miles away," Butch Webb, the company's founder, said in the news
release.

The news release stated that Western Sky was suspending its operations because
of an "effort by state regulators to pressure and intimidate banks, other
financial institutions and payment processing services into choking off business
with online lenders like Western Sky."

In its TV ads, Western Sky touted its loans as a way to escape the treadmill of
debt that often traps payday loan borrowers. But consumer advocates say the
company's installment loans, which sometimes had annual percentage rates in
excess of 300%, were no more consumer-friendly than the 15-day loans made by
payday stores.

New York Financial Services Superintendent Benjamin Lawsky cracked down on
Western Sky and 34 other online lenders by warning more than 100 banks last
month to stop doing business with them and cut them off from the electronic
payments system. Since then, at least nine of the companies have halted
operations, though some of the firms say the shutdown is temporary.

Also last month, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman filed suit against
Western Sky, accusing the firm of violating the Empire State's cap on interest
rates. Officials in Maryland and Georgia have also sued Western Sky.

A Western Sky spokesman said in an email that state officials "lack the
authority to regulate legal commerce engaged by members of the Cheyenne River
Sioux Tribe on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation."

But even among so-called tribal lenders that maintain they are not subject to
state laws, Western Sky has found itself isolated in recent weeks. Lenders that
belong to the Native American Financial Services Association, a trade group, are
owned and controlled by tribes, says Barry Brandon, the organization's executive
director. By contrast, he adds, Western Sky was owned and operated by a single
individual, Webb, who is also a member of a tribe.

"Those types of business models cause me grave concern," Brandon says. "We were
pleased that they were shutting down."

Also named in state lawsuits against Western Sky was CashCall, a California
company founded by J. Paul Reddam, who previously ran the subprime mortgage
lender Ditech.

CashCall, whose onetime spokesman was the late television actor Gary Coleman,
purchased loans from Western Sky within three to five days of their origination,
according to the suit filed by Georgia officials. That arrangement allowed
CashCall to get around state interest rate caps, state officials have said

In an emailed statement, Reddam lamented Western Sky's demise but did not
comment on how the firm's shutdown would affect CashCall.

"I am deeply saddened by the imminent negative impact that the illegal and
misguided multi-state assault on Western Sky will have on the many hardworking
Native American employees on the reservation who depend on their Western Sky
jobs to support themselves and their loved ones," Reddam said.

Western Sky said Tuesday that it will maintain a limited staff as it seeks to
resolve its legal issues.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Complaint against tribal attorney dismissed

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


Dec. 12--WATERLOO, Iowa -- The Iowa Supreme Court has dismissed a complaint
against a Minnesota attorney who represented the Sac and Fox tribe in Iowa, also
known as the Meskwaki.

Steven F. Olson handled matters for the tribe in connection with a software
company that developed a program to verify Native American ancestry.

In 2005, the tribe had loaned $1 million to DNA Today, a now-defunct company
that was based in West Des Moines. The company's source code was put up as
collateral.

Olson negotiated on behalf of the tribe later when DNA Today ran into financial
difficulties and defaulted on the loan.

During discussions to seek further financing, tribe officials asked DNA Today to
show off the source code for its program. At the meeting, a member of the tribe
allegedly picked up the computer server and walked out of the building in order
to repossess the code.

In the wake of the incident, complaints were filed against Olson -- who didn't
attend the meeting -- claiming he contacted DNA Today's president without
permission alleging he misrepresented the reason behind the source code meeting.

The Grievance Commission had recommended Olson be prohibited from practicing law
in Iowa for 30 days.

But in a decision handed down Friday, the Iowa Supreme Court dismissed the
complaint. The high court justices said they weren't convinced Olson had
violated any ethical rules in arranging the meeting.

"Under the law, so long as Olson did not affirmatively mislead (DNA Today's
president) ... he had no legal duty to disclose the tribe's continent plan to
attempt self-help repossession," the Supreme Court's opinion read.

The court also noted the tribe had the right to take the source code.

___ (c)2011 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111212-OO-HLT-Complaint-against-tribal
-attorney-dismissed-1212-20111212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Navajo Nation gathers ideas to diversify economy

BYLINE: Suzanne Adams-Ockrassa, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 877 words


April 15--With oil, gas and coal revenues continuing to fall, the Navajo Nation
is looking for ways to diversify its economy.

Lance Morgan, the CEO of Ho-Chunk, Inc., provided tribal business owners and
politicians some suggestions on how the Winnebago Tribe in Nebraska added to
their economy at the sixth annual Navajo Economic Summit at Twin Arrows Casino
and Resort Tuesday. More than 600 people registered for the summit.

Morgan said the Winnebago Tribe started off like many other American Indian
tribes with a small casino in the early 1990s. But when a huge new casino was
built about 80 miles away, the tribe saw a significant drop in revenue. But the
tribe didn't have natural resources such as coal, gas or oil that it could
exploit.

The tribal council turned to its attorney Morgan, who is a member of the tribe,
for ideas. They gave him about $9.7 million in profits from the casino to come
up with a plan to make the tribe self-sufficient. He created Ho-Chunk, Inc.
which is owned by the tribe and now has businesses located in 21 different
states and nine different countries. It is the largest business owned by the
tribe.

He used some of the first money the tribe gave him to purchase a small modular
home manufacturer in Minnesota. Then created a construction business on the
reservation to build the homes locally.

The business provided local jobs for tribal members and met the community's
housing needs, he said. Ho-Chunk also invested in a car dealership, which helped
tribal members to improve their credit so they could get loans to purchase
homes. The company also created banks to help tribal members better manage their
money. It also invested in Native American tobacco products, which it sells in
stores off the reservation.

The key to the success of Ho-Chunk was the cooperation between the tribal
council and the Ho-Chunk team, he said. The council trusted Ho-Chunk to keep and
reinvest the first five years of profits from the business. Ho-Chunk gives the
dividends from the business back to the tribal council for distribution.

One important thing Morgan said he learned is that there has to be some
separation of the business and political spheres, but you still have to keep the
politicians informed of what's going on.

He found that out between 2004 and 2007, when there was a fight between the
tribal government and Ho-Chunk over the how much money the company was expected
to make. Afterwards, Morgan made sure that at least one councilmember was on the
board of each business owned by Ho-Chunk.

The idea is that is better to have a councilmember on a board of directors who
can report back when questions are raised by the public. They can also see for
themselves how the project is working.

"The balance has to be just right," Morgan said.

Too much involvement from the politicians and it can cause problems, too little
and the public becomes concerned that their money isn't being invested wisely,
he said. That's why Ho-Chunk has annual reports, audits and planning sessions
that it gives to the council.

Ho-chunk and the Winnebago also ran into a problem with the idea of tribal trust
land. The tribal trust land has a lot of positives, Morgan said. It can protect
tribal land from being sold and the tribe can use the natural resource of the
land to generate revenue.

It also comes with some problems, he said. Because the tribe and its individual
members don't own title to the land, they can't use it as collateral to get a
loan to buy or build a house or business. They can farm the land but they can't
use the land to back a loan to purchase equipment to make the farm bigger. There
are other ways to get a loan but they're more difficult, he said.

It forces tribes into a government-run economy, which is not always the best
solution, Morgan said.

Most of Ho-Chunk's businesses are located off the reservation. That is mostly
because the Winnebago reservation is very small, but also because of the trust
land issue.

Tribes also have to be very proactive about enforcing their sovereignty, Morgan
said. The Winnebago tribe doesn't pay federal income taxes because they are a
sovereign nation. They've also used their sovereignty to protect their
businesses from lawsuits.

The whole point of Ho-Chunk isn't to make a huge profit but to provide a better
life for the Winnebago people, he said. But you can't just hand people a job.

That's why Ho-Chunk bought a car dealership and sold cars to improve tribal
member's credit, bought banks to help them manage their money, a home
manufacturing business and developed 40 acres into a subdivision on the
reservation for the people. The company also used $65,000 of the dividends from
its investments to provide down payment assistance to tribal members.

The Navajo Tribe may have to take a different tactic, Morgan said. The Navajo
reservation is much, much larger than the Winnebago reservation and has
resources that his tribe did not.

He suggested starting small at a regional level, with regional governments
taking a path similar to the Winnebago tribe.

The reporter can be reached at sadams@azdailysun.com or (928)556-2253.

___ (c)2016 The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff, Ariz.) Visit The Arizona Daily Sun
(Flagstaff, Ariz.) at www.azdailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160415-FF-Navajo-Nation-gathers-ideas-to-diversify-economy-20160415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2016 The Arizona Daily Sun


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

State's rosy economic outlook leaves something out -- reservations

BYLINE: Holly Michels and Jayme Fraser, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1311 words


Feb. 06--HELENA -- The state of Montana's most recent economic development
report paints a rosy picture -- unemployment rates between 3.9 and 4.4 percent,
more than 10,000 jobs added, and wages up 3.5 percent in the state last year.

But certain segments of the state -- especially Indian Country -- aren't doing
as well, said state Sen. Lea Whitford, D-Cut Bank.

Unemployment in Glacier County, which includes the Blackfeet Reservation, last
December was 9.3 percent. In Big Horn County, more than half of which is Crow
Reservation, it's 6.3 percent.

Pointing to a map during a presentation on economic development Friday, Whitford
asked one of the state's top economic development workers: "Are you getting out
into these communities?"

"How do we close that gap?" Whitford asked Friday. "We talk about the
unemployment rate and how it is dropping, but something is missing in that
formula."

Gov. Steve Bullock last month touted his office's 2015 Economic Development
Report, citing positives like job and income growth and a good business
environment. The report included success stories like Boeing buying and
expanding a facility in Helena, SeaCast Inc. in Butte's joint venture with GE
Aviation, and an expansion at Calumet Montana Refining in Great Falls but made
no mention of tribes or reservations.

The governor's office said the report was intended to provide a statewide
overview of economic development as it relates to specific industries -- the
report is organized by industry -- and not call out specific areas of the state,
which is why reservations weren't pulled out in their own section.

Patrick Barkey, director of the Bureau of Business and Economic Research, has
been traveling around the state holding economic outlook seminars and presenting
the bureau's inaugural Montana Economic Report.

"We were presenting our economic outlook, and the same comment was made about
our stuff," he said. "We're looking at that and plan to react to that by doing
better in the future."

He noted that BBER has done studies of tribal economies, "but they tended to be
specialized reports." And the last big one "is about 10 years old."

He said statewide analyses often don't include tribes simply because of the way
the data is structured -- by county. "It doesn't line up with reservation
lands."

Whitford said at a meeting of the Economic Affairs Interim Committee that she
wants to make sure tribes, reservations, and the rural part of the state aren't
forgotten in these reports. She spoke after John Rogers, chief business
developer for the state, gave a condensed presentation of the economic report
generated by the governor's office.

"When we are talking about economic development opportunities, where they are
spending their time and their effort, it's important to tap into those areas,"
Whitford said. "I really think we need to be looking at some of those
communities that are very high in poverty rates."

Equity and collateral are two of the biggest hurdles to economic development on
reservations, Rogers said.

Sean Becker, administrator of the Montana Office of Tourism and Business
Development, said "there is a collateral paradigm in Indian Country.

"Typically people acquire net worth through investment in their home and borrow
against their home or own land and borrow against that. That doesn't work when
your business is built on tribal land or your home (is). There is no collateral,
and there is no equity."

Rogers said the difference in commercial codes on and off the reservation also
makes it hard to get loans.

"It's difficult to finance equipment for a manufacturer or a private individual
... when you can't go in and legally secure equipment like you could if it's off
the reservation," he said.

He pointed to S&K Electronics Inc., established by the Confederated Salish and
Kootenai Tribes on the Flathead Reservation more than 30 years ago. S&K employs
about 95 people and does contract manufacturing.

Rogers also said tribal colleges can be the answer to an anticipated drop in the
state's workforce over the next five years. He said Montana could have 24,000 to
40,000 older employees retiring and leaving the workforce.

He also said that Montana is a national leader in people who work from home, an
area where he said there's "potential for our Native Americans."

"A lot of Native Americans want to stay close to their land; that's where they
want to be."

Whitford said part of the problem is people who live on reservations or in rural
Montana might not know the opportunities are there.

"You have to apply," she said. "People just don't know they have the opportunity
to apply."

Whitford said she's asked how the state's various economic development agencies
get their information out to the public and asked if they're effective at
getting tribal government involved. She said the regional economic development
offices could routinely come talk with tribal councils on upcoming
opportunities.

"There needs to be more communication out there for a lot of people," she said.
"Sometimes people just don't know. I say look at the road map and ask 'Are you
getting this information out into these communities?'"

Becker said there's a four-person team that's part of the state's Office of
Native American Development, a part of the Department of Commerce, that works on
economic development in Indian Country.

On Friday that team was traveling as part of a six-week tour to meet with all
eight tribal councils in the state -- the Blackfeet, Chippewa Cree, Confederated
Salish and Kootenai, Crow, Fort Belknap, Fort Peck, Little Shell Chippewa, and
Northern Cheyenne tribes.

Becker emphasized that all the economic development programs offered by the
state apply as much in Indian Country as they do in the rest of Montana.

He referenced the Treasure State Endowment Program, a state-funded program open
to local governments that helps pay for local infrastructure projects. Tribal
councils can apply for money as well, he said

There are also specific programs targeted toward improving the economy on
reservations administered by the Office of Native American Development.

The Indian Equity Fund Small Business Grant is meant to help bridge the equity
gap Rogers referred to and provides money to be used by the grant recipient as
equity. Up to $40,000 is available under that program.

The team will also meet with the banks that serve Indian Country, "to make sure
when they are considering loans to Indian-owned businesses that there are
opportunities for the Montana Department of Commerce to shore up that financing
profile."

Becker called collateral a "fundamental gap in finance for Native American
businesses on a reservation."

The Native American Collateral Support program can put in a deposit for the bank
to hold in place of traditional collateral like land or a home, Becker said. The
Big Sky Trust Fund Job Creation Grant can offer reimbursement on new hires so
the business can have accounts receivable on their balance sheet. Workforce
training programs can guarantee employees with the necessary skills.

Though many of the statewide programs have been around for years, some of the
programs specific to Indian country are new, Becker said. He said they will help
increase the net worth of both businesses and people on the reservation, but
it's not something that will happen overnight.

"These programs are small compared to the underemployment epidemic in Indian
Country," he said. "But they have the full support of chief elected officials,
full support of the Montana Legislature, all of the resources of state
government.

"This is the first time we've ever had a collateral support program, the first
time we've ever had Native American Business Advisers. We're making tremendous
headway."

___ (c)2016 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160206-BU-State-s-rosy-economic-outlook-leaves-something-out-reservations-0206
-20160206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2016 The Montana Standard


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

Lender faces housing suit

BYLINE: Staff and Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 335  words


NovaStar Financial Inc., the Kansas City, Mo.-based subprime lender that is
seeking a buyer, denied mortgages to minorities for row houses and on tribal
reservations, according to a civil rights group's lawsuit.

The National Community Reinvestment Coalition (NCRC), based in Washington, said
NovaStar designed standards to exclude homes in American Indian tribal areas and
row housing where minorities live, according to a statement distributed by PR
Newswire. The terms also exclude adult foster-care homes, the statement said.

The suit is the "first in a series of fair housing complaints where National
Community Reinvestment Coalition will be acting as a private attorney general by
challenging overt discrimination that lenders are still perpetuating and
regulators are failing to address," David Berenbaum, NCRC's executive vice
president, said in the statement.

NovaStar spokesman Dick Johnson said the "accusations are completely without
merit. " Johnson said he did not have statistics readily available about the
number of mortgages approved or denied to minorities, including Native
Americans.

He declined further comment, saying the company has not yet to receive a copy of
the lawsuit.

The coalition said NovaStar engaged in redlining, the practice of denying loans
because the property is in areas where minorities live. The lawsuit was filed in
federal court in the District of Columbia based on the Federal Fair Housing Act,
the group said.

NCRC claimed in its statement that the lawsuit represents the first time the
Federal Fair Housing Act has been used to bring a civil rights claim against
lenders for allegedly refusing to make loans for row houses and adult foster
care facilities.

NCRC alleges that NovaStar policies "intentionally discriminate" against Native
Americans and people with disabilities, according to the statement. The
complaint also claims that NovaStar discriminates against African Americans and
Latinos through the use of a no row house policy in Baltimore, the release
states.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 8, 2012

McGraw Secures Money Return For State Citizens

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 514  words


McGraw's office first to settle with Webb, a Native American, who claimed his
company was exempt from suit under tribal immunity

Attorney General McGraw announced today the successful conclusion of a prolonged
court battle with South Dakota-based Internet payday lender, Payday Financial,
LLC, and its owner, Martin A. Webb. Payday Financial, LLC, did business as
Lakota Cash. Webb claimed that the loans originated on the Cheyenne River Indian
Reservation in 'South Dakota, where Payday Financial was located, and were
subject to tribal laws rather than the laws of West Virginia or other states
where the borrowers resided.

After a court battle over enforcement of AG McGraw's investigative subpoena,
Kanawha Circuit Judge Louis H. Bloom ruled that Payday Financial was not an
Indian tribe and therefore was not entitled to tribal immunity. He ruled that
the loans were governed by West Virginia laws. Payday Financial challenged Judge
Bloom's ruling by filing a petition for writ of prohibition with the West
Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, which let the ruling stand.

Despite the Court order rejecting its claim of immunity and requiring it to
comply with AG McGraw's subpoena, Payday Financial still declined to do so,
which led to contempt proceedings scheduled to be heard by Judge Bloom on
October 11.

On the eve of the contempt hearing, Payday Financial and Webb signed an
agreement with McGraw's office promising to permanently refrain from making
Internet payday or other usurious loans in West Virginia and paying $135,000
that will be distributed as full refunds of excess fees to 120 West Virginia
consumers. They also paid an additional $5,000 to the State of West Virginia
that will be used for general consumer protection and other educational
purposes.

Attorney General McGraw stated, "I am glad that Payday Financial and Webb
decided to respect the ruling of our West Virginia court. Although it took a
long battle to get to this point, I commend Payday Financial and Webb for their
decision to refund all unlawful fees collected from West Virginia consumers and
to permanently refrain from making such loans in our state.

Attorney General McGraw also announced a recent settlement with another Internet
payday leader, Cash-In-Advance of Florida, Inc., based in Ponte Vedra Beach,
Florida. The settlement with Cash-In-Advance brought $20,951.46 in cash refunds
and $4,378.61 in cancelled debts for 71 West Virginia consumers.

Attorney General McGraw'soffice began investigating the Internet payday lending
industry and its collection agencies in 2005. As of this date, McGraw's office
has secured 117 settlement agreements with Internet payday lenders and their
collection agencies, resulting in approximately $3 million in cash refunds and
cancelled debts combined for 8,176 West Virginia consumers.

To report a scam or file a complaint, West Virginians can reach the Attorney
General's Office by calling the Consumer Protection Hotline at 1-800-368-8808 or
online at www.wvago.gov. For regular consumer news updates, follow AAGWestV@ on
Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Glenville Democrat


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                               May 7, 2001 Monday

Chickasaw Nation sets up first truly tribal bank

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1157 words


The Chickasaw Nation is about to go where no Oklahoma tribe has gone before --
becoming both owner and founder of a bank.

"This will be the first 100 percent, tribally owned de novo bank ever done,"
said Ross Hill, president and chief executive of Sovereign National Bank (in
organization). "There are tribal-owned banks, but most of those banks have been
acquired by the tribes. This would be the first de novo ever done by a tribe.
That makes it very unique and very challenging."

The bank, which could open for business in six months, has been in the works for
several years as the Chickasaw Tribe expanded the number and type of businesses
it operates.

"The tribe's goal has been to become financially self-sufficient," Hill said.

The tribe operates 22 businesses. As their revenues increased, the idea of the
tribe operating its own bank became more attractive. In 1999, the Chickasaw
Nation entered into a contract with the Native American National Bank
Association (NANBA), using the association as consultants when the tribe
chartered a bank.

Hill, who was hired as the bank's president and CEO in January, said federal
officials have been very supportive of the tribe's efforts.

"Bank regulators, in general, have become very interested in minority-owned
banks, and this would obviously be considered a minority-owned bank," Hill said.

Regulators can assist minority-owned banks in several ways, he said. For
example, Sovereign National Bank officials can provide their charter application
in draft form to regulators prior to actually filing the application "so they
can go through it and kind of red-line it for us and assist us in that manner."
That assistant can streamline the approval process, Hill said.

In addition, regulatory agencies provide educational services to minority-owned
banks.

However, Hill said the bottom line remains the most important consideration for
regulators. Minority-owned banks don't get any slack in that area.

"They haven't lowered standards regarding capital or those other big-ticket
items," he said. "We'll be faced with the same requirements as any other
national-chartered bank."

The bank has $5.3 million in initial capital.

The number of minority-owned banks in the country has fallen by 50 percent
during the last several years, Hill said. Today, there are 159 minority-owned
banks in the United States. Of that number, Native Americans or tribes own only
13. As a result, the Sovereign National Bank "would be very unique from the
standpoint of just sheer numbers," he said.

However, Hill stressed that the bank's marketing plan is to generate profit just
like any other bank in the marketplace.

"This is not a not-for-profit company," Hill said. "We expect to be a
top-performing community bank. That's our goal. That's our desire -- to grow the
bank, to run the bank prudently, to be one of the top-rated banks anywhere
around. And those are lofty goals, but those are the goals of the tribe and of
the board and of mine, and so we're committed to those things."

However, the bank will use "parallel" marketing activities, Hill said, targeting
the general public with one campaign and specifically targeting Native Americans
through other activities.

One strategy the bank will use to draw Native American customers is to offer a
credit card specifically designated and aligned with the 40,000-member Chickasaw
Tribe. Hill said the bank would also target Native American customers through
student loan and housing loan programs.

Hill said recent banking law reforms allowing banks to offer a wider array of
services have made financial services attractive to groups such as the Chickasaw
Nation.

"Allowing banks to enter into other business areas besides generally traditional
banking products and services is very attractive," he said. "It allows us to not
be so dependent upon loans for an income. It allows us to produce fee income,
which is very critical to the banks and reduces our loss exposure. So that
should enhance our ability to be profitable and should enhance our ability to
become profitable on a quicker basis than otherwise would have been possible."

Hill said Sovereign National Bank would file a charter application with the
Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency within 30
days. The application could receive approval anytime after 120 days, although
the process can take two years in some cases, Hill said. Chickasaw officials
expect to receive approval within six months.

At that time, Sovereign National Bank would likely open from a temporary
facility while a permanent home is built, Hill said. Several sites are now being
examined.

"We have been looking at a number of different sites," Hill said. "The Chickasaw
Nation encompasses 13 counties. The Chickasaw Nation headquarters is in Ada, and
Ada is a town that we have been looking at very strongly. Ardmore is also a very
strong town, and Tishamingo, and other areas in southern Oklahoma. But the
nation comes up to the southern edge of the metro, encompassing Purcell and
Newcastle and some of those communities, and we've also been looking in those
areas as well as the metro."

Hill said Ada and Ardmore are attractive sites since both towns are "thriving"
small communities that draw customers from surrounding small towns. Newcastle,
while still a relatively rural community, is a developing and growing area
thanks to development of the turnpike and the extension of Highway 9 in that
area, Hill said.

Hill also said the tribe could purchase one of several existing banking
facilities, rather than construct a new building.

The bank's board of directors has already been selected, and Hill praised the
"wisdom" shown by the tribal authorities when choosing those individuals.

"We have a very strong board of directors," he said.

The board includes the following people: Chairman Neal McCaleb, director of the
Oklahoma Department of Transportation and nominee to head the federal Bureau of
Indian Affairs; Vice Chair Judy Goforth Parker, professor in the East Central
University school of nursing and chairperson of the Chickasaw Tribal
Legislature; Mel Burch, an international banker; attorney John Colbert; and
Brian Gabbard, CPA.

Hill noted that McCaleb has experience with two other community bank boards, as
well as significant government experience. Burch is a former Oklahoma City
banker with extensive experience in trust services and now an international
banker in the Saudi Arabia region.

"I think the board is one of the strongest boards I've ever worked with," Hill
said, "and one of the brightest boards I've ever worked with."

Hill said the board reflects the "strength" of the Chickasaw Nation and its
membership.

"It's great to have such an experienced group of professionals to make up the
board, and I think the bank regulators will see that as one of our strengths,"
Hill said. "I think our customers will, too."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: New business

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

Be thankful for property rights

BYLINE: By John Stossel

LENGTH: 538 words


In the spirit of Thanksgiving, pause a moment to thank private property.

I know that seems weird. But before that first Thanksgiving, the Pilgrims nearly
starved to death because they didn't respect private property.

When they arrived in Massachusetts, they acted like Bernie Sanders wants us to
act. They farmed "collectively." Pilgrims said, "We'll grow food together and
divide the harvest equally."

Bad idea. Economists call this the "tragedy of the commons." When everyone works
"together," some people don't work very hard and some take more than they
should.

The Pilgrims almost starved. Then Gov. Bradford assigned each Pilgrim his own
property. That simple change brought the Pilgrims so much plenty that they could
share food with the Indians.

We see this principle at work all around us today. America is prosperous because
private property is mostly respected, and people work hard to protect what they
own.

But wait, you say, didn't the Native Americans live communally? Isn't that proof
that socialism and collective property work?

No. It's a myth that the Native Americans had no property rules. They did "" and
European settlers should have treated those rules with respect.

Today, many American Indians live in poverty, and it's not because they are lazy
or irresponsible. When Indians are allowed to own land, they prosper. The laws
of economics are the same for all people.

I asked Manny Jules, chief of the Kamloops Indian Band for 16 years, why so many
Indians are poor.

"Nobody chooses poverty," he said. "We've been legislated out of the economy by
the federal governments, both in the United States and Canada."

That sounds odd to people who know how much money governments spend to "care
for" Indians.

"Well, by taking care of us, that means providing social welfare programs," says
Jules. "The only way to break the cycle of poverty (is) real property rights."

The U.S. government, after killing thousands of Native Americans and restricting
others to reservations, gave tribal governments control over Indians' lives, in
collaboration with the government's Bureau of Indian Affairs.

Since then, no group in America has been more "helped" and "managed" by the
federal government than Indians. Because of that, no group has done worse.

Homes on reservations are likely to lack electricity and indoor plumbing. There
is serious alcoholism and drug abuse. A staggering number of American Indians
are unemployed. Many commit suicide.

Jules says not being able to own your own land is part of the problem. "You
can't borrow. You can't get a mortgage. You can't be bonded. There's nothing
that you can have that'll allow you to be able to go to the bank on your own
without the (government) minister co-signing that loan."

Tribal governments function about as badly as governments run by white people.
They waste money, mismanage valuable resources and give sweetheart deals to
crony businesses.

If we want to give people "" all people "" reason to celebrate, give them the
proven formula for prosperity. Get government out of the way and respect every
individual's property rights.

John Stossel is host of "Stossel" on Fox News and author of "No They Can't! Why
Government Fails "" But Individuals Succeed."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Texas: Payday lenders move online as regulators crack down

LENGTH: 1174  words

DATELINE: Austin


Legislative Reference Library, The State of Texas has issued the following news
release:

The banner ad atop the website features a wide-eyed baby cradled in an adult's
hands with the words, "Did that special vacation for two end up producing a
third? Castle Payday has life's unexpected expenses covered."

On a growing number of sites like this one, short-term loans are just a click
away for web-surfing borrowers, regardless of any history of bankruptcy, bounced
checks or other credit problems.

The catch is that these so-called payday loans often come with sky-high interest
rates of 400 percent or more. The Castle Payday website advertises an effective
888 annual percentage rate, meaning a 14-day loan of $500 will end up costing
the borrower $675.

Those who can't scrape together the cash to pay off the loans along with their
other bills may be tempted to take out another short-term loan to cover the
first, potentially ensnaring them in a cycle of debt.

Consumer advocates complain that companies like Castle Payday are setting up
shop on the Internet to avoid laws in some states that restrict or ban
traditional storefront payday lending.

"More and more states are cracking down on payday lending and it's a lot easier
to hide online than it is to hide in a storefront," said Ed Mierzwinski,
consumer program director for U.S. PIRG, an advocacy group.

But industry groups contend that online payday loans are legal and provide a
vital service for millions of struggling Americans with few credit options.

"Most consumers don't have the ability to get $500 or $600 in an emergency
through their banks or credit unions," said Peter Barden, spokesman for the
Online Lenders Alliance, a trade organization. "Credit card limits have been
reduced, equity loans have been reduced, so people are increasingly looking to
alternative financial services companies for short-term credit. And like with
any other industry right now, they're looking online."

Payday loans are illegal in 15 states, including North Carolina, Georgia and
Pennsylvania. Nine others - among them Washington and Florida - do allow payday
loans but enforce strict rules that limit fees, require longer repayment periods
or restrict the number of loans per customer, according to a Pew Charitable
Trust study.

In recent months, state and federal regulators have intensified pressure on
banks to stop working with online lenders. But the industry is fighting back in
court.

The legal situation is complicated by the fact that many online lending websites
are run by Native American tribes, which say their sovereign status means they
aren't subject to state laws. Castle Payday, for example, is operated by the Lac
Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians in Michigan.

The Lac Vieux joined with another tribe this month to seek an injunction against
a New York regulator, arguing that states have no authority over them.

Benjamin Lawsky, the New York superintendent of financial services, had sent
cease-and-desist orders to Castle Payday and 34 other online lenders to stop
them from making payday loans to consumers in New York, where payday loans are
illegal. Lawsky also asked more than 100 banks to deny the lenders access to the
automated system used to process electronic payments, so that they can't debit
borrowers' accounts.

In a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court, the Lac Vieux and the Otoe-Missouria
tribe of Oklahoma condemn what they describe as regulators' "bare-knuckle
attack" on tribal sovereignty. If not stopped, the suit warns, New York's
"campaign of misrepresentations, threats and coercion" will destroy tribal
businesses and devastate tribal economies.

Tribes located in impoverished and isolated areas need the proceeds from online
lending to fund their governments and essential services - everything from
education programs to new fire trucks, said Barry Brandon, executive director of
the Native American Financial Services Association, an advocacy group for tribes
involved in the online lending business.

"We have had reports from some of our member tribes that the revenues they are
producing from their online lending operations are now making up between 25 and
50 percent of the tribal budget," he said.

Brandon acknowledges there are some bad actors in the online lending business -
including some companies that falsely claim affiliation with tribes - but he
says most tribal businesses operate responsibly and in accordance with federal
law.

Unfortunately, non-Indian online lenders often claim tribal sovereignty in
situations where their ties to tribes are loose at best, said Uriah King, vice
president of state policy with the Center for Responsible Lending in Durham,
N.C.

"When we scratch the surface, they don't look like tribal lenders," King said.
"They look like sham relationships that benefit the lenders, not the tribe."

In one high-profile case, the payday lending operation AMG Services Inc. in
Overland Park, Kan., claimed to be owned by the Miami and Modoc tribes of
Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux of Nebraska, yet the tribes reportedly only
received 1-2 percent of the revenue from each loan.

The real benefactor allegedly was race car driver Scott Tucker, who used $40
million collected from borrowers to sponsor his racing team, according to a
complaint filed last year by the Federal Trade Commission.Sovereign immunity for
the tribes is a very serious issue, but it shouldn't be used as a fig leaf for
predatory lending, King said.

"At the end of the day, a payday loan is a junk product that gets people deeper
into debt, and it doesn't matter if it's a bank or nonbank or a tribe, the
reality is that it's just not a good product and it doesn't matter who provides
it," he said.

Consumers also should be wary of phony online payday loan websites designed to
steal their names, Social Security numbers and bank information, he said.

A federal judge in Illinois last week ordered one such operation in Tampa, Fla.,
to halt operations after an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.

The FTC accused defendants Sean Mulrooney and Odafe Ogaga of using websites with
names such as Vantage Funding, Ideal Advance and Your Loan Funding to debit
consumers' checking accounts without their permission. Tens of thousands of
customers lost more than $5 million to the scheme.

Mulrooney and Ogaga allegedly used the scam to finance luxurious lifestyles,
complete with fancy cars - Mulrooney owned a Maserati GranTurismo, while Ogaga
owned a Rolls-Royce Ghost and a Ferrari, court documents show.

"You absolutely have no idea who you're dealing with when you take out a loan
online and you agree to let somebody put their hand in your bank account," said
Mierzwinski, the consumer advocate with U.S. PIRG. "Please step back and think:
Is there any other way I can get this money to meet my bills? Because once you
go into high-cost payday lending, whether online or in person, it's not
something you do once. It's usually something you do again and again and again."

For further information please visit: http://www.lrl.state.tx.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 5, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

30-Year Mortgage Rates Dip to 5.63%

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: Real Estate; G04

LENGTH: 511 words


Rates on 30-year mortgages fell for a fifth consecutive week, but some
shorter-term rates edged up a bit, influenced by the Federal Reserve's decision
to raise a key rate.

Freddie Mac's weekly survey of mortgage rates released Thursday showed that
rates on 30-year fixed rate mortgages averaged 5.63 percent for the week ended
Feb. 3, down from 5.66 percent last week.

Rates on 15-year fixed-rate mortgages, a popular option for refinancing,
remained unchanged at 5.14 percent. Rates on one-year adjustable-rate mortgages
averaged 4.23 percent, up from 4.18 percent.

Frank Nothaft, chief economist for Freddie Mac, said that the increase in
one-year ARMs was influenced by the Fed's widely anticipated decision on
Wednesday to boost a key short-term interest rate for the sixth time since the
Fed began raising  rates last June.

"We will probably see the ARM rise a little more over the next few weeks in
anticipation of further rate increases by the Fed while the long-term fixed
rates remain fairly flat," Nothaft said.

Five-year hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages averaged 5.00 percent this week, down
from 5.02 percent last week. These hybrid mortgages have a fixed rate for five
years and then adjust each year after that.

The nationwide averages for mortgage rates do not include add-on fees known as
points. The 30-year, 15-year mortgages and one-year mortgages each carried a 0.7
point fee. The five-year ARM carried a fee of 0.6 point.

A year ago, rates on 30-year mortgages averaged 5.72 percent, with 15-year
mortgages at 5.03 percent and one-year ARMs at 4.18 percent.

EVENTS . . . Design DC 2005, a conference for architects and others in the
building design and construction business, takes place tomorrow through Tuesday
at the Washington Convention Center, 801 Mount Vernon Pl. NW. Topics are to
include starting and running a firm, developing young architects and skills,
code issues, design excellence, environmental issues, building technology and
building types. Registration is $405, or $15 for students; Sunday-only admission
(including convention center tour, day's educational sessions, entry to exhibit
hall and opening party) is $200; trade show-only admission is $35. Call
202-249-3000 or 800-368-9000, or visit www.aiadesigndc.org/index.html . . . A
workshop on Native American Cultural Property Law is scheduled for Feb. 24 and
25 at the Hall of the States, 444 N. Capitol St. NW, Suite 342, Washington.
Topics are to include the use of federal, state and tribal law to manage and
protect Native American cultural property under various federal, state and
tribal codes. The program is sponsored in cooperation with the American
Institute of Architects and the National Conference of State Historic
Preservation Officers. The fee is $375. For information, call 202-624-5465 or
202-298-6180; Web sites: www.npi.org and www.preservationaction.org.

Send announcements be e-mail to renotes@washpost.com, by fax to 202-334-5059 or
by mail to The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071, Att:
Business News/Real Estate Notes.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Tribe full owners of The Turtle

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


Feb. 02--PEMBROKE -- The Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina no longer owes any money
on the construction of its tribal housing complex, better known as The Turtle.

Tribal leaders, staff and representatives of Lumbee Guaranty Bank burned the
building's bank note Tuesday during a ceremony in front of the building and
declared the event a "milestone" in the tribe's history. The tribe made the
final loan payment of $375,000 to Lumbee Guaranty Bank on Dec. 16.

"It is a great day for all our people," Tribal Chairman Harvey Godwin said.

Godwin thanked everyone present for their efforts in securing the housing
complex and charged them to protect their building and to "grow in a mighty
way."

The tribal housing complex is located on N.C. 711 just outside Pembroke. The
meeting place for all Tribal Council sessions and court hearings was built in
2009 under the leadership of the late Chairman Jimmy Goins. Federal funds
obtained under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act
and a $3.8 million loan were used to pay for the building's construction.

The 22,000-square-foot building, in addition to providing meeting space, is home
to the tribe's housing program and tribal offices, and has the capability to
provide shelter in emergency situations. The cost of constructing the buildinng
was $4 million.

When the building opened to the public in December 2009, it had been in the
planning stages for more than two years. It is the first building wholly owned
by the Lumbee tribe. Before its opening, the tribal government had operated out
of a former mini-mall in Pembroke.

The building's turtle design was inspired by a dream former Tribal Administrator
Leon Jacobs had in 2004. During the offiicial opening ceremony in 2009, then
Tribal Council Speaker Ricky Burnett said in American Indian culture the turtle
represents wisdom.

Bobby Oxendine, Tribal Council speaker, called it a "glad day." He said that
with the mortgage paid off, it is possible for the tribe to move forward with
more projects.

Councilman Terry Hunt said the tribe has "come a long way," and Councilman
Corbin Eddings expressed his pride in the tribe.

The ceremony included an honor song by Kaya Littleturtle, whose grandfather
blessed the site during the building's groundbreaking ceremony seven years ago,
and a prayer by the Rev. Jimmy Hammonds.

Chairman Godwin used Tuesday's ceremony to offer his appreciation to the housing
and finance staff for their efforts in getting the bank note paid off. He also
expressed gratitude for Lumbee Guaranty Bank's continuing support of the Lumbee
people and tribal government.

"No matter what happens, this building will always belong to the people," Godwin
said.

___ (c)2017 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170202-1LX-Tribe-full-owners-of-The-Turtle-0202-20170202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2017 The Laurinburg Exchange


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Tribe full owners of The Turtle

BYLINE: The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


Feb. 01--PEMBROKE -- The Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina no longer owes any money
on the construction of its tribal housing complex, better known as The Turtle.

Tribal leaders, staff and representatives of Lumbee Guaranty Bank burned the
building's bank note Tuesday during a ceremony in front of the building and
declared the event a "milestone" in the tribe's history. The tribe made the
final loan payment of $375,000 to Lumbee Guaranty Bank on Dec. 16.

"It is a great day for all our people," Tribal Chairman Harvey Godwin said.

Godwin thanked everyone present for their efforts in securing the housing
complex and charged them to protect their building and to "grow in a mighty
way."

The tribal housing complex is located on N.C. 711 just outside Pembroke. The
meeting place for all Tribal Council sessions and court hearings was built in
2009 under the leadership of the late Chairman Jimmy Goins. Federal funds
obtained under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act
and a $3.8 million loan were used to pay for the building's construction.

The 22,000-square-foot building, in addition to providing meeting space, is home
to the tribe's housing program and tribal offices, and has the capability to
provide shelter in emergency situations. The cost of constructing the buildinng
was $4 million.

When the building opened to the public in December 2009, it had been in the
planning stages for more than two years. It is the first building wholly owned
by the Lumbee tribe. Before its opening, the tribal government had operated out
of a former mini-mall in Pembroke.

The building's turtle design was inspired by a dream former Tribal Administrator
Leon Jacobs had in 2004. During the offiicial opening ceremony in 2009, then
Tribal Council Speaker Ricky Burnett said in American Indian culture the turtle
represents wisdom.

Bobby Oxendine, Tribal Council speaker, called it a "glad day." He said that
with the mortgage paid off, it is possible for the tribe to move forward with
more projects.

Councilman Terry Hunt said the tribe has "come a long way," and Councilman
Corbin Eddings expressed his pride in the tribe.

The ceremony included an honor song by Kaya Littleturtle, whose grandfather
blessed the site during the building's groundbreaking ceremony seven years ago,
and a prayer by the Rev. Jimmy Hammonds.

Chairman Godwin used Tuesday's ceremony to offer his appreciation to the housing
and finance staff for their efforts in getting the bank note paid off. He also
expressed gratitude for Lumbee Guaranty Bank's continuing support of the Lumbee
people and tribal government.

"No matter what happens, this building will always belong to the people," Godwin
said.

comments powered by Disqus

___ (c)2017 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170201-QK-Tribe-full-owners-of-The-Turtle-0201-20170201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2017 The Robesonian


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Judge dismisses lawsuit against banking regulators

BYLINE: BY BRIANNA BAILEY Business Writer bbailey@oklahoman.comÂ

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 399 words


A federal judge has dismissed a civil rights lawsuit filed by the chairman of
the Red Rock-based Otoe-Missouria Tribe against banking regulators in
Connecticut.&nbsp;Otoe-Missouria Chairman John Shotton filed the lawsuit in U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma in March after he was fined
in connection with an online payday lending company owned by the tribe that made
high-interest-rate loans to Connecticut residents.&nbsp;In an eight-page ruling
handed down Aug. 28, U.S. District Court Judge Joe Heaton said the court lacked
jurisdiction over the matter, but did not rule on the other issues in the
case.The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is one of several tribes that have entered the
payday lending business in recent years. In January, the Connecticut Department
of Banking fined Shotton $700,000 for making loans to Connecticut residents that
violate caps on interest rates there.The tribal payday lending companies Great
Plains Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending LLC also were fined $800,000.The
tribe is considering its legal options in the matter, Heather Payne, spokeswoman
for the Otoe-Missouria Tribe, said in a statement.&nbsp;&nbsp;"The
Otoe-Missouria Tribe is  currently investigating every available legal option
and will continue to fight for Chairman Shotton's civil rights as an individual
and elected tribal official, and for the ability of all Native American tribes
to pursue legal economic development without discrimination and intimidation
from bureaucrats," Payne said.Shotton sued former Connecticut Banking
Commissioner Howard Pitkin and Acting Commissioner Bruce Adams, claiming he was
fined without any due process or the ability to defend himself.

He also claimed the tribe's sovereign status should protect him from prosecution
in Connecticut.&nbsp;In a statement, Adams called Heaton's rulling
"well-reasoned.""We look forward to litigating the real issues in Connecticut
state court. This case is not about tribal immunity from suit -&nbsp;it is about
whether Connecticut has the sovereign power to enforce its laws within its
borders," Adams said. "All one needs to do to demonstrate the fundamental
unfairness of the tribal lending companies position is to flip the facts around.
Imagine the public reaction if Connecticut set up an Internet company to violate
the Otoe-Missouria's own usury cap and started giving payday loans to tribal
members."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 19, 2006 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bank ponders how to serve all Indians The new chief of the Native American Bank
wants to broaden into venture capital and add more branches.

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-01

LENGTH: 822 words


The new president and chief executive of the Native American Bank wants the
Denver financial institution to live up to the mission its name implies - a bank
run by American Indians for Indians of all bands and tribes.

"I feel like I am the last missing piece to facilitate it becoming a true Native
American bank," J.D. Colbert said.

About 20 primarily Western and Alaskan tribes back the bank, which got its start
in 2001 with a $12.5 million investment and a goal of funneling capital and
promoting economic development across Indian country.

The tribes are betting that Colbert, one of only a handful of American Indian
bankers in the country, is the person who can make it happen.

So how does Colbert plan to take a small $63 million bank at 999 18th St. with
two branches in Montana and give it a reach that affects lives from rural
reservations to more heavily populated native communities across the West?

"There are certain services we can provide from a distance," Colbert said. "But
we can't fully reach our potential unless we have a presence."

Colbert wants the bank to add more branches in a variety of places, which will
require buying other banks or launching bank charters in other states.

He also wants to see the bank, which primarily provides small-business and
tribal-enterprise loans, broaden into other financial services, including
venture capital and captive insurance.

"We have an opportunity as time goes on to be a fully diversified
financial-services organization, more than just a bank."

To achieve those goals, the bank needs more capital, and that will require
bringing in other tribes as investors.

"We not only want their equity, but we want to be their bank," he said.

Colbert, who is Chickasaw and Creek, grew up in Oklahoma. He helped the
Chickasaw Nation start Bank2, an Oklahoma City bank where he worked before
taking the job in Denver.

He has worked with the Bureau of Indian Affairs loan guarantee program, visiting
more than 50 reservations, and founded the North American Native Bankers
Association to bring tribally owned banks together.

Although his Oklahoma connections aren't why Colbert was hired, they are
something the bank's board hopes he can use to grow the bank.

"He is well known there, and it would be to our advantage to use his expertise,"
said board member Lewis Anderson, president and chief executive of the Woodlands
National Bank of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe in Onamia, Minn.

Native American Bank offers an attractive option for tribes that would like to
get into financial services but fear going it in on their own, said Taylor Keen,
a business acquisitions official for the Cherokee Nation in Tulsa.

"J.D. is very well liked here in Oklahoma. He is an established voice and well
respected within the five civilized tribes in Oklahoma," he said.

Abandoned at 6 months of age by his birth father, Colbert's mother raised him
and three other siblings on a nursing assistant's salary. Colbert went on to
obtain a master's degree from Harvard, serve as a bank regulator with the
Federal Reserve and administer the Citizen Potawatomi Nation.

His rising above the odds reflects in a small way the transformation undergoing
larger portions of Indian Country.

Oklahoma tribes that 35 years ago operated out of mobile trailers with
jerry-built power lines are now multimillion-dollar enterprises, Colbert said.

"The economy in Indian Country has never been stronger," he said.

And that newfound wealth among some tribes is driving the creation of banks, a
trend that began in the late 1980s.

Tribes with casino revenues sought to diversify from gaming and gain control of
credit so they could provide home mortgages to their members and finance other
business ventures.

More recently, tribes with petroleum, uranium and other resources have benefited
from a spike in commodity prices. Other tribes have become adept at winning
federal contracts.

A lawsuit by Elouise Cobell of the Blackfeet Reservation Development Fund and a
co-founder of the Native American Bank could bring billions more into tribal
coffers. Her lawsuit alleges the federal government mismanaged Indian trust
funds and seeks a $27.5 billion settlement.

Most tribally owned banks have played down their ownership, in part to appeal to
a broader base of customers. Although it will do business with all creditworthy
customers, the Native American Bank wears its name proudly.

Colbert said he once thought the best strategy was to plant numerous small,
tribally owned banks. Now he see a Native American Bank with numerous branches
as the way to reach underserved markets.

Colbert, 50, expects he will need 10 to 15 years for the bank's vision to take
hold as it gradually builds the consensus and forges the coalitions it needs.

"Indian Country is large and profound," Keen said. If anyone can help bring it
together, Colbert is that person, he added.

Staff writer Aldo Svaldi can be reached at 303-820-1410 or
asvaldi@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 22, 2006



CORRECTION: Because of a reporting error, a story on Page 1K on Sunday
incorrectly stated that a settlement in a federal lawsuit by Elouise Cobell and
others could benefit tribal governments. The lawsuit concerns the management of
individual Indian trusts. Various tribes are pursuing separate lawsuits
regarding the management of tribal trusts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday

Payday lender probed by Md. financial regulators

BYLINE: Ben Mook

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 733  words


A payday loan company operating out of a tribal reservation in South Dakota has
been hit with a cease-and-desist order by Maryland financial regulators over
complaints that the firm charged interest at annual rates ranging from 400
percent to 1,800 percent

The Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation issued the order against
Payday Loans Financial LLC, of Timber Lake, S.D. The company and its
subsidiaries are owned by Martin A. Webb and offer loans over the Internet.

Designed to be small loans to carry customers between paychecks, the loans are
illegal in Maryland and are characterized by short repayment periods and high
interest. Under state law, the maximum APR allowed is 33 percent on unpaid
balances of less than $1,000. Loans of more than $1,000 have a cap of 24
percent. The companies offering the loans typically advertise that they do not
do credit checks and can get you the money the same day. Customers provide a
voided check or authorize the companies to access their checking accounts to
collect fees.

According to the cease-and-desist order, nine customers of Webb's companies
claimed they were charged exorbitant interest on small-balance loans taken out
online. In one case, a customer took out a $400 loan in April 2009 and had six
days to repay the loan plus a $120 finance charge - amounting to a 1,825 percent
annual rate. The customer had the option to extend the loan payback period by
paying a $120 finance charge each time. The woman said she renewed the loan five
times, paying $120 to $170 each time. She had paid $705 in finance charges as of
July 2009 but still owed $390 of the original loan.

Since payday loans were outlawed in Maryland in 2000, online firms like Payday
Loans Financial have stepped in to meet the demand. Payday Loans Financial
operates online payday loan sites names including Western Sky Financial, Great
Sky Finance, Lakota Cash, Big $ky Cash and Great Sky Cash.

The loan companies operate from an address in Timber Lake, which is located on
the Cheyenne River Reservation, home to the Cheyenne River Lakota Nation. The
Cheyenne River Sioux tribe is entitled to tribal sovereign immunity. But
Maryland regulators say there is no relationship between the tribe and the
payday loan companies owned by Webb.

"Instead, [Webb] organized or created all of these entities under the laws of
the State of South Dakota, registered them with the South Dakota Secretary of
State, and otherwise subjected them to South Dakota State law," investigators
wrote in the cease-and-desist order.

According to the South Dakota secretary of state, Payday Financial LLC was
registered in South Dakota in October 2007 and remains in good standing. The
articles of incorporation list Webb as the founding member of the company and
show a Timber Lake address.

"It was formed as an LLC under South Dakota law and there is no reference to
tribal law," said Pat Powers, spokesman for the South Dakota Secretary of
State's office.

Webb is also CEO of Western Dakota Bank, located at the same address as Payday
Financial LLC in Timber Lake. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.,
Western Dakota is a 13-employee corporate bank with $29.6 million in total
assets that made $53,000 in 2010.

When reached at the bank headquarters on Friday, Webb said the bank and the
payday loan companies were not related. He declined to comment on the Maryland
order and referred calls to his attorney, Cheryl Bogue, of Bogue and Bogue in
Faith, S.D. Bogue did not return calls for comment.

Webb did comment, however, on the statement that Payday Financial LLC was a
South Dakota entity and not one that falls under tribal law.

"Well, I think they're wrong about that," he said.

The websites under the Payday Loan Financial umbrella carry indicators the
company operates under tribal law.

"Payday Financial, LLC, is a Native American owned business operating within the
exterior boundaries of the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation, a sovereign nation
located within the United States of America," reads the Lakotacash.com website.

It appears Payday Loans Financial is continuing to offer loans as it has before.
As of Tuesday afternoon, the company's website offering payday loans included
Maryland among the list of states where customers could apply for loans. On its
Lakotacash.com website, only South Dakota and West Virginia are listed as states
where the company cannot loan money.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 2, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

Digging Up Native Artifacts

BYLINE: By Jean M. White

SECTION: Style; B10

LENGTH: 549 words


When the four Indian wampum belts were put up for auction at Sotheby Parke
Bernet, the Iroquois tribal council of Salamanca, N.Y., had to get a court
injunction and match a high bid of $5,000 to retrieve the tribal heirlooms dug
up by an amateur archeologist.

Those wampum belts are now on display in the year-old Seneca Iroquois National
Museum in Salamanca, along with seven others on loan from the State Museum in
Albany, which has the largest wampum belt collection in the world.

Collection problems such as this are being discussed this week at a workshop
parley at the Smithsonian Institution for "native American" museums (it's a term
that also includes Eskimos, Aleuts, and native Hawaiians).

Like all those wampum belts at the New York State Museum, many choice items of
Indian culture already were in collections by the time the first museums for
native American Indians were formed in the late '30s and '40s.  (They now number
between 30 and 120, depending on what is counted as a museum.)

An irony is that some of the best collections are in Europe, pointed out George
Abrams, director of the Seneca Iroquois National Museum.

"French Jesuit priests went back items to the French King.  The British Museum
has many Indian items and so does the Vatican," Abrams said.

Museum directors building up their collections also run into tribal tradition
and religious beliefs about sacred objects.

The Sacred Pipe of the Sioux Nation still is in the care of the traditional
family and brought out once a year.

"It is unwrapped only in times of great stress," explained Dawn Little Sky, who
is director of the Harry V. Johnson American Indian Cultural Center near Eagle
Butte, S.D.

The museum (whose unlikely name honors a benefactor) serves four bands of 7,700
Sioux, but, is not extrusted with the Scared Pipe.

Dawn Little Sky, in addition to being director of the Sioux museum, has been
seen on "Gunsmoke" and playing cowboys and Indians with Gregory Peck in a
western filmed in Israel.  She and her hushand, Eddie Little Sky, are
professional actors who trained at the Pasadena Playhouse.

"In the old days, we played the Indian roles where you just stood there and
said: 'Ugh!  Him went that way,'" said Little Sky.  "I tortued Matt Dillion in
one episode as he was tied to the stake.  I thought it was pretty mild."

Both Abrams and Little Sky have found that tribal members do come forward to
donate items to their museums once they are assured the heirlooms will be
treated with respect and care.

"Another problem for the native American Indian museums is that objects were
handed down in tribal families and if anything happened - destroyed by vermin or
by fire - the tribal members could make a new one and transfer all power to it.
It is like the old story of the man who still maintained he had George
Washington's axe, even though the handle had been replaced three times and the
head twice," said James Hanson.

Hanson, coordinator of the Smithsonian's native American training program,
offers advice on funding and technical expertise to Indian tribes who want to
set up museums.

"I've talked to tribal councils that have problems of 70 percent unemployment
and alcoholism and who can't see spending money for a museum now to preserve the
past," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, George Abrams and Dawn Little Sky, by James M. Thresher - The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

FR-5974-N-01 Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Program Increase to
Annual Premium

LENGTH: 1379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee program (Section 184 program) is
a home mortgage program specifically designed for American Indian and Alaska
Native families, Alaska villages, tribes, or tribally designated housing
entities. Over the last five years, the Section 184 program has doubled the
number of loans and eligible families being assisted by the program. For HUD to
continue to meet the increasing demand for participation in this program, HUD is
exercising its authority to increase the annual premium to the borrower from
0.15 to 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance. This annual premium will
continue until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan
guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price or
appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Effective December
1, 2016 the new annual premium of 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance
will apply to all new loan guarantees, including refinances.



 Dates



 Effective Date: December 1, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Heidi J. Frechette, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Native American Programs,
Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 4126, Washington, DC 20410; telephone
number 202-401-7914 (this is not a toll-free number). Persons with hearing or
speech disabilities may access this number through TTY by calling the toll-free
Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339.

 Supplementary Information

 I. Background



 Section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (Pub. L.
102-550, approved October 28, 1992), as amended by the Native American Housing
Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-330, approved October
26, 1996) and 2013 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act (Pub.
L. 113-6, approved March 26, 2013), established the Section 184 program to
provide access to sources of private mortgage financing to Indian families,
Indian housing authorities, and Indian tribes. Congress established this program
in 1992 to facilitate homeownership and increase access to capital in Native
American Communities. The Section 184 program addresses obstacles to mortgage
financing on trust land and in other Indian and Alaska Native areas by giving
HUD the authority to guarantee loans to eligible persons and entities to
construct, acquire, refinance, or rehabilitate one- to four-family dwellings in
these areas.



 The Section 184 Loan Guarantee Fund (the Fund) is used to fulfill obligations
of the Secretary with respect to the loans guaranteed under this program. The
Fund receives annual appropriations to cover the cost of the program, and
amounts for claims, notes, mortgages, contracts, and property acquired by the
Secretary under the Section 184 program, which reduces the amount of
appropriations needed to support the program. In recent years, rapidly growing
demand has required HUD to increase the guarantee premium and implement a new
annual upfront fee to support new loan guarantees. HUD issued loan guarantee
commitments for $495.4 million in fiscal year (FY) 2011, $670.8 million in FY
2012, $672.3 million in FY 2013, $595 million in FY 2014, $738.1 million in FY
2015, and $756.3 million in FY 2016. (1) Additionally, expenses have increased
for acquisitions, insurance, and other program costs, and HUD has seen higher
losses now that the Fund has guaranteed over $5.5 billion in current loans.



 On October 7, 2014, HUD issued a notice exercising its new statutory authority
to implement an annual premium to the borrower in the amount of 0.15 percent.
(79 FR 60492). The notice also provided guidance on the cancellation of the
annual premium when the loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to-value ratio. The new
annual premium became effective on November 15, 2014 for all new loan
guarantees, including refinances.

 II. Increased Premium



 To meet projected demand for participation in the Section 184 program for FY
2017, HUD is increasing the annual premium from 0.15 to 0.25 percent of the
remaining loan balance until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront
loan guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price
or appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule on all new loans,
including refinances. This increase will apply to all new program applicants as
of the effective date of this notice. It will not apply to existing mortgages
guaranteed by this program. Without an increase in the annual premium, HUD will
not have sufficient funding to the meet the anticipated demand for Section 184
mortgage loans in FY 2017. The decision to increase the annual loan guarantee
premium provides a balanced approach that addresses the current demands for the
program while focusing on the need to remain affordable.



 By increasing the annual premium paid by borrowers, the credit subsidy
rate&thinsp; (2) will go down, and HUD expects the program will be able to
guarantee the volume of loans predicted for FY 2017. An annual premium of 0.25
percent would cost a borrower with a $175,000 mortgage (the average loan size
for the program) an extra $36.18 a month in total monthly fees on the borrower's
monthly payment or $434.16 annually. Since the 0.25 percent annual premium is
tied to the loan balance, the annual premium will decrease for the borrower
every year as the loan balance declines and then disappear after the loan
-to-value ratio reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price or
appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Even with these
additional costs to borrowers, the Section 184 program will still be one of the
least expensive loan products available to Native borrowers. While paying an
annual premium may be a hardship for some potential borrowers, HUD believes it
will have a limited impact on the demand for the program, and the new annual
premium will allow HUD to continue to meet the demand for mortgage lending
transactions in fiscal year 2017 so that more Indian and Alaska Native families
have the opportunity to become homeowners.



 To reduce some of the impact accompanying the annual premium, the payment of
the annual premium can be made through monthly payments, to spread out the cost
for borrowers, or annual and lump sum payments, to keep a borrower's monthly
payment lower.



 This notice increases the Section 184 program annual premium to 0.25 percent of
the remaining loan balance for all new case numbers assigned on or after
December 1, 2016 until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan
guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price or
appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule.



 This notice does not supersede HUD's guidance on the cancellation of the annual
premium when the loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to-value ratio that was
provided in the October 7, 2014 Notice (79 FR 60492).

 IV. Tribal Consultation



 HUD's policy is to consult with Indian tribes early in the process on matters
that have tribal implications. Accordingly, on June 26, 2016, HUD sent letters
to all tribal leaders participating in the Section 184 program, informing them
of the nature of the forthcoming notice and soliciting comments. A summary of
comments received and responses can be found on HUD's Web site at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/public_indian_housing/i
h/homeownership/184.

 V. Environmental Impact



 This notice involves the establishment of a rate or cost determination that
does not constitute a development decision affecting the physical condition of
specific project areas or building sites. Accordingly, under 24 CFR 50.19(c)(6),
this notice is categorically excluded from environmental review under the
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (U.S.C. 4321).

 Dated: October 24, 2016.

 Lourdes Castro Ramirez,

 Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing.

 [FR Doc. 2016-26331 Filed 10-31-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      August 4, 2001 Saturday CITY EDITION

INDIAN LEADERS WANT LEGISLATOR TO QUIT COUNCIL

BYLINE: Debra O'Connor, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 356 words


Leaders of six Ojibwe reservations in Minnesota called for the resignation of a
legislator newly appointed to the Minnesota Indian Affairs Council this week
because they consider Rep. Sandra Erickson "anti-Indian," Gary Frazer, executive
director of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe, said Friday.

The Tribal Executive Committee of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe, consisting of
the chairpersons and secretary/treasurers of each reservation, passed a
resolution 11-0 Wednesday asking the Princeton Republican to quit her post,
Frazer said.

There was little conversation about the move because there was little
disagreement among the members, Frazer said. The resolution was to be presented
at Friday's meeting of the Indian Affairs Council at the Lower Sioux Community
Center, which Erickson was not expected to attend.

But Bill Lawrence, publisher of the Native American Press/Ojibwe Press
newspaper, applauded the appointment by House Speaker Steve Sviggum, R-Kenyon.

"I think she's a very caring person, I think she's very intelligent," Lawrence
said of Erickson, whose legislative district includes both the Mille Lacs Band
of Ojibwe as well as resorts around Lake Mille Lacs. "I think she would
challenge and ask questions."

The Indian Affairs Council, which is funded by the Legislature, serves as a
liaison between the tribes and state government. It is a mix of tribal and state
officials. Lawrence believes the council is too narrow in its thinking and that
Erickson, who has been a vocal critic of some tribal views, will break that up
and perhaps make the council more credible and useful.

"It should represent the needs of Indian people in Minnesota, not of tribal
government," he said.

The council was harshly criticized in a 1999 legislative audit for poorly
managing its small-business loan program, which was funded by the state. The
council "did not administer the Indian business loan program in a reasonable and
prudent manner," the audit report said.

"I think the council has been mismanaged for years and years," Lawrence said.

Debra O'Connor can be reached at doconnor@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5453.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            December 6, 2010 Monday

Bank2 to Ramp Up Mortgage Business with N. Mex. Tribes

BYLINE: Mark Fogarty

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 8 Vol. 175 No. 186

LENGTH: 720  words


An American Indian bank, Bank2 in Oklahoma City, wants to partner with New
Mexico tribal housing entities to drum up more Indian mortgages in the state.

Brett Robinson, vice president of mortgage lending for the Chickasaw Nation of
Oklahoma-owned bank, told the Governor's Housing Summit in Albuquerque that New
Mexico Tribally Designated Housing Entities could refer their members to Bank2
for Department of Housing and Urban Development Section 184 mortgages,
guaranteed by the federal government.

They could also take on more complicated roles, such as counseling tribal
members on mortgage requirements and handling documentation for the bank, for a
fee. The TDHE would perform processing and origination support functions for
Bank2 loan officers and processors.

The tribal housing entities would get a custom-branded website portal into
Bank2's loan origination system.

Tribal housing entities could act as mortgage brokers for the bank and earn
lending officer fees as regular brokers do. The TDHE would deliver a fully
originated and processed loan application to Bank2 for approval and funding.

If the TDHE takes this option, it would need to acquire a loan origination
system, such as Encompass (an Ellie Mae product) or Calyx Point. It would need
to obtain a state license to originate on non-trust lands, and would need
approval from Hud to be a lender in the Section 184 program.

Robinson said the bank is talking to officials at Nambe Pueblo about this
program and hopes that other New Mexico tribes will partner with it as well.

Bank2 makes more mortgages to American Indians than any other Indian-owned bank.
In 2009 it made more than $140 million in home loans to Indians, ranking it
ninth overall in the country.

In other news from the Tribal lending session at the Summit, the New Mexico
Mortgage Finance Authority has granted a line of credit to enable a startup
lender at the pueblo of Laguna to fund construction of homes it plans to offer
mortgages on.

Eric Schmieder, American Indian land specialist for NMMFA, announced the line of
credit. The $450,000 line of credit will enable Native Community Finance, a
Native Community Development Financial Institution, to finance the building of a
couple of homes at a time. It will then make mortgages on the homes to people in
its service area, which includes Laguna residents as well as all American
Indians in New Mexico.

The line of credit will be revolving, meaning once the CDFI has repaid the money
to NMMFA the lender will have access to the same amount of money again.

Construction finance is a formidable barrier to creating housing in Indian
Country both in New Mexico and elsewhere. Existing housing stock is thin and
home building companies are scarce on reservations, and the necessity to bring
in remote contractors adds costs in areas that have limited affordability.

The mission of Native Community Finance, headed by Marvin Ginn, "is to provide
financial/homebuyer education and affordable community-oriented consumer,
mortgage and business loans to Native Americans in the state of New Mexico."

It also provides tax preparation services and Individual Development Accounts
for its clients. It recently received a $148,000 award from the federal CDFI
Fund (a unit of the Treasury) to get it going.

In another presentation on Indian mortgage finance at the Summit, NMMFA director
of homeownership Erik Nore detailed an outreach to American Indians on
reservations through the MFA's Building Trust program.

The program can be combined with other NMMFA programs like Mortgage$aver and
Mortgage Booster to provide downpayment and closing costs to individual Indians.

NMMFA will extend the loans, which have an extended mortgage rate lock (good for
12 months), while U.S. Bank will service the loans.

New Mexico tribes participating include the pueblos of Cochiti, Isleta, Jemez,
Picuris, Pojoaque, Santo Domingo, Zuni, Laguna, Sandia, San Felipe and San Juan,
and the Navajo Nation and Jicarilla and Mescalero Apache tribes.

The NMMFA's outreach to American Indians reflects its attempt to step in and
make up for a pervasive lack of lending to state American Indians by New
Mexico-based lenders. Home Mortgage Disclosure Act numbers for 2009 show such
lenders made less than 1% of their total mortgages to Indians, who make up 11%
of the state's population.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Blue Sky Finance LLC

                                  P.O. Box 528
                                Hays,  MT 59527
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (877) 670-8891
FAX: (877) 670-8892
URL: www.extrafundscash.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Blue Sky Finance, LLC is a Native American owned business, and as such,
tribal law will apply to your loan contract, and not state law. Tribal entities
have sovereign immunity and neither the Ft. Belknap Indian Community nor Blue
Sky Finance, LLC may be sued in court or in arbitration, either individually or
as part of a broader action.  Please Note: This is an expensive form of
borrowing. ExtraFunds Cash multi-pay loans are designed to assist you in meeting
your short-term borrowing needs and are not intended to be a long term financial
solution. Examples of emergency reasons why these loans might be used include
unexpected emergencies, car repair bills, medical care, or essential travel
expenses.  All multi-pay cash advance loans are underwritten by Blue Sky
Finance, LLC doing business as ExtraFunds Cash. Blue Sky Finance, LLC, is a
Native American owned business operating within the interior boundaries of the
Ft. Belknap reservation, a sovereign nation located in the United States. Blue
Sky Finance, LLC is an instrumentality and limited liability company which
abides by all applicable federal laws and regulations as established by the Fort
Belknap Indian Tribe of Montana.  Typically Blue Sky Finance, LLC does not
perform credit checks with the three credit reporting bureaus: Experian,
Equifax, or Trans Union. Credit checks or consumer reports through alternative
providers may be obtained in certain situations. Typically, these reports will
not affect your credit score. The

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: ND tribal colleges, Head Start programs receive federal funds

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 160 words


Nov. 04--U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., announced Monday more than $5.2
million in federal funding and loans will be available for tribal colleges and
Head Start programs in North Dakota.

Cankdeska Cikana Community College on the Spirit Lake Reservation will receive a
$4.5 million loan to assist in construction of a new, centrally located Head
Start facility and $145,302 for renovations and construction on campus.

Turtle Mountain Community College also will receive a grant of $145,302 for
roofing upgrades on the school's medical building.

Other tribal colleges throughout the state are receiving similar grants.

These loans and grants are from the United States Department of Agriculture's
Community Facility Direct Loan program and Community Facility Grant's Tribal
College initiative.

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141104-GF-BRF-ND-tribal
-colleges-Head-Start-programs-receive-federal-funds-1104-20141104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

SBA chief pushes programs for Natives

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1019 words


Mar. 3--LAS VEGAS -- The Small Business Administration wants to work better with
Indian businesses, says the agency's top official, while balancing its
accountability to American taxpayers.

SBA Administrator Karen Mills addressed hundreds of tribal officials attending
the Reservation Economic Summit Feb. 24 at the Las Vegas Hilton.

"Our commitment at SBA is to be there for you and to work arm-in-arm with you to
grow and create jobs."

In an interview after her speech, much of her attention focused on the agency's
7(a) loans and 8(a) contracting programs, both of which hold substantial
opportunities for Native businesses.

Mills reported that since 2007, approximately 350 7(a) loans have gone to
American Indians or Alaska Native-owned businesses; she'd like that number to
grow.

But that's going to be an uphill battle, given recent reports that indicate
stimulus funds designated for the program have run dry.

"The good news is that the program worked really well. The bad news is that it
ran out of money," Mills said.

But she said this reality should not deter Native businesses, adding that the
agency is forming a queue so if and when Congress passes an extension of
funding, everyone in the queue can be funded.

Legislation focusing on an extension passed the House in December, and bills
have been submitted in the Senate. Mills said an extension has the full support
of the Obama administration.

Clara Pratte, SBA's Office of Native American Affairs director, said the amount
of Native businesses that have taken advantage of the program to date amounts to
less than 1 percent, which translates to $84 million in received loans.

Mills said there's no doubt that she wants more Native businesses to get
involved in 7(a).

Along the lines of increasing accessibility, Mills said the SBA has district
offices with free counselors who are trained to assist Native businesses
interested in the program.

Approximately 15 SBA staffers attended RES this year to bolster Native knowledge
of the agency.

The focus of the interview then turned to the 8(a) program, which received
scrutiny from Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., last year. The senator held a
Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight hearing in July, during which she
expressed beliefs that Alaska Native Corporations and other tribal businesses
have received unwarranted preferences for federal contracts.

Mills said McCaskill was right to call for more accountability, although she
acknowledged that many tribal business leaders have said the scrutiny seemed
unjust -- a belief she does not share.

"The important focus is that we cannot have fraud, waste and abuse in any of our
programs. The senator's concern is really our concern. -- We have to make sure
that we are delivering programs that don't have the image of being
inappropriate," Mills said.

Mills said the agency has taken robust action to ensure access to the program is
limited to those who should be eligible for it, adding that the agency has done
extensive consultation with Indian country leaders on proposed rule changes.

Pratte, a citizen of the Navajo Nation, said some proposed rule changes, such as
not counting 401(k) contributions as part of the value of 8(a) programs, have
been well-received by tribal businesses.

Other changes, like those that would more strictly prevent "revolving door"
businesses from using the program, have received more mixed feedback.

As to why SBA needed prodding from McCaskill to increase its accountability,
Mills said her staff entered "high work mode" as soon as they became part of the
Obama administration.

Mills added that her agency met a recent 90-day deadline from President Barack
Obama to submit a tribal consultation plan for review by the Office of
Management and Budget.

Pratte said the agency already had some consultation policies in place, but
officials have now made them more robust. For instance, regulatory changes are
going to receive increased internal reviews from the agency's Indian-focused
office to better determine the need for outreach to tribes.

"We are not siloed," Mills said when asked if she'd consider putting more
staffers to work on Indian affairs. "Clara has the entire SBA staff behind her."

A 7(a) and 8(a) primer

The 7(a) Loan Program is the Small Business Administration's primary program to
help start-up and existing small businesses obtain financing when they might not
be eligible for business loans through normal lending channels.

The name comes from section 7(a) of the Small Business Act, which authorizes SBA
to provide business loans to American small businesses. The administration does
not make loans, but rather guarantees a portion of loans made and administered
by commercial lending institutions.

Small businesses apply directly to a lender for financing. The lender reviews
the application and decides if it merits a loan on its own or if it requires
additional support in the form of an SBA guaranty. The guaranty assures the
lender that if the borrower does not repay the loan, the government will
reimburse the lender for its loss, up to the percentage of the guaranty.
However, the small business remains obligated for the full amount.

The 8(a) program was developed so SBA could help small companies owned and
operated by socially and economically disadvantaged persons to develop their
businesses. The name came from Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act.

One of the development tools of the program is the award of federal contracts.
Under the program, SBA acts as a prime contractor and enters into contracts with
other federal government departments and agencies. In this role, SBA awards
subcontracts for their performance by certified companies.

Information from www.sba.gov.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100303-IC-SMALL-BUSINESSES-TRIBAL-20100303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2010 Indian Country Today


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

South Dakota: Lakota Funds Expands Service Area

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Pierre


South Dakota Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Native Americans living from Rapid City to Murdo can now apply for business
loans through a Community Development Financial Institution located on the Pine
Ridge Reservation.

"Lakota Funds" has doubled the geographic area it serves in order to provide
financial investment opportunities to the many tribal members living off the
reservation.Lakota Funds has disbursed more than 900 loans, totaling $7.2
million, since it was founded in 1986. That financial distribution has created
1,400 jobs and nearly 500 businesses on or near the Pine Ridge Reservation.

Executive Director Tawney Brunsch hopes expanding Lakota Funds' service area
from 25 to 50 miles from the reservation's boundaries will provide substantial
opportunities for Native entrepreneurs in distant locations.

The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
Credit Courtesy Lakota Funds

"We...for years...have been taking calls from people in Rapid City who want to
utilize our services," observes Brunsch. "Also from Rosebud and Mission. And
we're happy to have them participate in our classes. You know...we teach
financial planning and the literacy and stuff. But we weren't able to assist
them with their business lending needs. And...so...now we will be able to do
that."

Lakota Funds offers loans for up to $300,000 to either establish a new business
or expand a current one. Applicants don't have to be Oglala...but they do need
to be a member of a federally recognized tribe.

Tawney Brunsch notes that Lakota Funds offers all the tools necessary for tribal
members to not only build their business but to also build their assets. And
that's the best way, says Brunsch, to help Native communities become
self-sufficient.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

South Dakota: Lakota Funds Expands Service Area

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Pierre


South Dakota Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Native Americans living from Rapid City to Murdo can now apply for business
loans through a Community Development Financial Institution located on the Pine
Ridge Reservation.

"Lakota Funds" has doubled the geographic area it serves in order to provide
financial investment opportunities to the many tribal members living off the
reservation.Lakota Funds has disbursed more than 900 loans, totaling $7.2
million, since it was founded in 1986. That financial distribution has created
1,400 jobs and nearly 500 businesses on or near the Pine Ridge Reservation.

Executive Director Tawney Brunsch hopes expanding Lakota Funds' service area
from 25 to 50 miles from the reservation's boundaries will provide substantial
opportunities for Native entrepreneurs in distant locations.

The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
Credit Courtesy Lakota Funds

"We...for years...have been taking calls from people in Rapid City who want to
utilize our services," observes Brunsch. "Also from Rosebud and Mission. And
we're happy to have them participate in our classes. You know...we teach
financial planning and the literacy and stuff. But we weren't able to assist
them with their business lending needs. And...so...now we will be able to do
that."

Lakota Funds offers loans for up to $300,000 to either establish a new business
or expand a current one. Applicants don't have to be Oglala...but they do need
to be a member of a federally recognized tribe.

Tawney Brunsch notes that Lakota Funds offers all the tools necessary for tribal
members to not only build their business but to also build their assets. And
that's the best way, says Brunsch, to help Native communities become
self-sufficient.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

South Dakota: Lakota Funds Expands Service Area

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Pierre


South Dakota Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Native Americans living from Rapid City to Murdo can now apply for business
loans through a Community Development Financial Institution located on the Pine
Ridge Reservation.

"Lakota Funds" has doubled the geographic area it serves in order to provide
financial investment opportunities to the many tribal members living off the
reservation.Lakota Funds has disbursed more than 900 loans, totaling $7.2
million, since it was founded in 1986. That financial distribution has created
1,400 jobs and nearly 500 businesses on or near the Pine Ridge Reservation.

Executive Director Tawney Brunsch hopes expanding Lakota Funds' service area
from 25 to 50 miles from the reservation's boundaries will provide substantial
opportunities for Native entrepreneurs in distant locations.

The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
The "Subway" restaurant on the Pine Ridge Reservation is just one business
that's benefited from a Lakota Funds business loan.
Credit Courtesy Lakota Funds

"We...for years...have been taking calls from people in Rapid City who want to
utilize our services," observes Brunsch. "Also from Rosebud and Mission. And
we're happy to have them participate in our classes. You know...we teach
financial planning and the literacy and stuff. But we weren't able to assist
them with their business lending needs. And...so...now we will be able to do
that."

Lakota Funds offers loans for up to $300,000 to either establish a new business
or expand a current one. Applicants don't have to be Oglala...but they do need
to be a member of a federally recognized tribe.

Tawney Brunsch notes that Lakota Funds offers all the tools necessary for tribal
members to not only build their business but to also build their assets. And
that's the best way, says Brunsch, to help Native communities become
self-sufficient.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 26, 1997

Chickasaw Effort Goes On

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: Ada, OK


A mortgage broker has closed or is in the process of closing about $ 1 million
in home loans in the past year through a program with the Chickasaw Nation here.
Robert Cheadle, Chickasaw attorney general and a former official of Fannie Mae,
told this publication that First Americans Mortgage of Kansas City has closed
about 10 home loans to tribal members and has about 15 more in process to close,
at an average of $ 40-$ 50,000 apiece.  More than 100 other applicants wait in a
prequal pipeline.

Mr. Cheadle detailed an ambitious home program the Chickasaws want to develop.
Under the newly passed Native American Housing and Self-Determination Act, the
tribe seeks to designate itself rather than its housing authority as the
Department of Housing and Urban Development's "tribally designated housing
entity," with the Housing Authority becoming a nonprofit.

This reorganization will allow the tribe itself to receive block grant money
from HUD under the new "no strings attached" status mandated by the Act.

The Chickasaws intend to become involved in all aspects of the housing market.
They want to turn the rehab crews employed by the Housing Authority into a
full-fledged tribal homebuilder.  And they intend to develop a financial
institution.

Mr. Cheadle said the tribe plans to use Low Income Housing Tax Credit money and
HUD HOME funds to develop a 30-unit subdivision.

This will be a tribally owned rental unit venture Mr. Cheadle hopes will become
a model of its kind.  He is hoping the units will be equivalent to starter homes
for tribal members, and while they live there, credit counseling will enable
them to move up to true starter homes.

The official, who negotiated mortgage agreements with several tribes when he was
with Fannie Mae, hopes this "mortgage incubation" project will dispel the myth
that low-income housing for Indians translates instantly into blighted areas.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

S.D. Tribe, Hoping to Gain Credit, Adds Lender Rights

                            January 9, 2001, Tuesday

BY BEN JACKSON



Hoping to stimulate bank lending on its reservation, the Cheyenne River Sioux
Tribe of South Dakota has adopted a law giving lenders the same protections on
the reservation as they enjoy in the rest of the state.

Banks have been reluctant to lend in "Indian country" because Native Americans
cannot pledge land as collateral and because repossessing other collateral in
defaults has been difficult for lenders working through tribal courts.

On Thursday the tribe also signed an agreement with the state that guarantees
lenders' rights on the reservation and allows for joint filing of credit
transactions with the reservation and the state. It is believed to be the first
agreement of its kind.

"Before this, it was a hodgepodge of little laws and whatever the judge decided
in tribal court," said Gregg J. Bourland, the tribal chairman.

Indian reservations have sovereign legal status, and many have their own courts.
Indian land, whether owned by the tribes or individual tribal members, is held
in trust by the federal government, so selling land or pledging it for
collateral requires government permission.

"That is the reason they haven't been getting loans for years," said Thomas G.
Leckey, South Dakota's deputy secretary of state.

By making tribal law identical to state law regarding recovery of collateral,
the tribe has guaranteed lenders' rights to collateral and added the right to
appeal tribal court decisions to federal court. Repossession procedures remain
different on tribal land, and the agreement will not simplify land issues but
will affect collateral such as vehicles.

Remedies vary from tribe to tribe, said J.D. Colbert, president of the North
American Native Bankers Association. Only recently have bankers seen
opportunities on Indian reservations, he added.

"Now that they see opportunity, bankers are telling the tribes what they need,"
Mr. Colbert said. "We've seen in recent years more cooperation among Indian
tribes and private lenders."

The Cheyenne River Tribe began to offer such cooperation five years ago when a
tribal leader met with officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the
Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank, according to Mr. Bourland. The goal, of
course, was to increase credit for Native Americans.

All South Dakota tribes were invited to meet with the FDIC and local bankers,
said John P. Misiewicz, director of compliance and consumer affairs in the
FDIC's Kansas City region, but initial meetings went poorly because some tribes
did not trust the bankers and regulators.

"We tried the big picture," Mr. Misiewicz said of approaching all the tribes.
"It didn't work, so we chose a tribe with a progressive tribal chairman and good
local bankers."

One local banker, Keith E. Willard, president of $120 million-asset First
Financial Bank USA of Dupree, said his bank lends to tribal members because it
knows them. He said the agreement will aid the tribe's economic development.

"It will mean more competition for us, but we don't mind that," Mr. Willard
said. "Competition always brings more businesses and opportunities."

Mr. Bourland said he hopes the agreement will be a model for other tribes. Mr.
Leckey, the South Dakota official, said two other tribes have expressed interest
in making similar agreements. And the FDIC's Mr. Misiewicz said tribes in
Montana and Colorado are examining the agreement.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 581 words

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Misiewicz

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 27, 1996

Conventional Lending Set for Reservation

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 744 words

DATELINE: New York


Conventional mortgage lending will be done for the first time on reservation
trust land, opening a potential market of one million people as a result of a
deal the Navajo Nation has just agreed to with the Federal National Mortgage
Association.

The $ 5 million conventional pilot will be for 5% downpayment fixed-rate
mortgages.

Lenders who will participate in the Navajo deal are Norwest Mortgage, Zions
Mortgage of Salt Lake City, UT, and Suburban Mortgage of Albuquerque, NM.

Sources say the deal will be announced sometime next month, most likely in the
Navajo capital of Window Rock, AZ.

Fannie Mae also will buy government-guaranteed mortgages made on the reservation
through the Housing and Urban Development department's section 184 mortgage, the
Federal Housing Administration section 248 loan, and the Indian pilot Rural
Housing Service section 502 product.

Norwest and the tribe last year agreed to a $ 22 million deal on the reservation
involving the HUD 184 program.  No loans have yet to close, but Ken Goosens,
Native American housing specialist for FNMA, said the agency is eager to buy
that product.

Bank One also has taken applications for section 184 loans on the Navajo, Mr.
Goosens said.

Fannie Mae has set no dollar amount of government-guaranteed mortgages it will
buy on the Navajo reservation, said Mr. Goosens and Beth Marcus, FNMA director
of special needs housing.

Ms. Marcus said Fannie Mae hopes to see delivery of loans "as soon as possible."

She said the Native American populations have been "very underserved" in
mortgage finance, and said "we're doing everything we can to do this business."

The Fannie Mae Foundation has granted $ 100,000 over two years to the Navajo
Partnership for Housing, a non-profit which the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp.
helped set up for home counseling for tribal members.

Conventional lending has never been done before on reservation trust land, where
nearly a million people live on the last area in the country inaccessible to
mortgage finance by statute.  Fannie Mae had such an agreement with another
tribe in 1994, but no loans ever closed.

Trust lands are held in trust for Native people by the Federal government.  This
creates knotty problems of collateral and title that have so far defeated
efforts to bring private mortgage lenders onto reservations.

Reflecting the difficulties, Fannie Mae and the Navajo have been negotiating
this deal inch by inch for nearly two years now.  Chief architects of the deal
were, for Fannie Mae, Robert Cheadle, counsel in the FNMA Southwest office in
Dallas, and for the Navajo, James Berg, economic development officer, and Judy
Lemming, of the tribe's legal department.  Messrs. Cheadle and berg have since
left their positions.

For Fannie Mae, a key issue was foreclosure.  Allowing lenders to perfect a
security interest in properties on the reservation was accomplished when the
tribe's Solicitor General issued an opinion to that effect last year.  Doing so
required a limited waiver of sovereignty from the tribe, a very touchy subject
for American Indians.

Many tribes do not even have fore-closure and eviction proceedings in their
judicial codes, although the Navajo do.  And since state courts have no
jurisdiction on tribal lands, this has made lenders wary about securing
collateral for loans on reservations.  But since the Navajo have granted the
waiver, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the government's agent, is said to
have signed off on the deal, this should assuage lenders.

Credit enhancement also emerged as a Fannie Mae concern, but Mr. Goosens said
the deal as structured has no credit enhancement either from the tribe or the
lenders.

Credit enhancement also emerged as a Fannie Mae concern, but Mr. Goosens said
the deal as structured has no credit enhancement either from the tribe or the
lenders.

For the tribe's part it is extremely reluctant to face the prospect of losing
land through foreclosure.  So Fannie Mae structured the deal so that loans are
assumable by another tribal member or by the tribe.  Thus the tribe has the
ability to keep the land in its control if it wishes to do so.

The Navajo have negotiated mortgage and note forms specifically for themselves
in this deal, so those would not necessarily make model documents for each of
the 340 tribes with reservations in this country.  But with this deal, the ice
has been broken and a precedent set that other deals can follow.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Robert Cheadle, now of Chickasaw Industries Ltd., negotiated
the bulk of the Navajo deal when he was with Fannie Mae.

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

Tribe unveils Pembroke Senior Village

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 696 words


Aug. 15--PEMBROKE -- Tears could be seen welling in the eyes of many in the
audience as Ilene Jacobs described what having the chance to be given a home in
the new Pembroke Senior Village means to her.

"I love it ... I've lived in a lot of homes, but never in a nice, brand new home
like this," Jacobs said. "God said that in his time he will give us what we
need. Well, it was his time to give me a brand new home."

Jacobs, 58, spoke during Friday's dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony for the
Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina's new $8 million tax credit housing project on
Candy Park Road. The low-income housing development of 50 units occupies 12
acres located less than a mile from the Tribal Housing Complex on N.C. 711.

The short ceremony was attended by about 75 people, including tribal, local and
state officials, as well as representatives of the development and financial
companies involved in the project, which began in 2012. Partners in the project
included the North Carolina Housing Finance Agency, the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development; Native American Bank of Colorado; Federal Home
Loan Bank of Atlanta; and National Equity Fund, which purchased the low-income
housing tax credits.

Other major partners in the project were Boone-based Shelter Investments
Development Corp.; Locklear, Locklear & Jacobs, of Pembroke; and Metcon, Inc.,
of Pembroke.

"The dedication and commitment to the project is evident here today," Tribal
Chairman Paul Brooks said. "When you look around you see not only beautiful,
safe and sanitary housing, but also a local economy that has been stimulated by
this new development.

"I have continued to stress how valuable our elders and our youth are to our
tribe," Brooks said. "Today, we are proving our commitment to our elders. They
are the pillars of our community ... It thrills my heart to be able to offer
affordable housing for our elders. Pembroke Senior Village provides our senior
residents with a safe environment and a sense of security... (It is) a place
they can call home."

Tammy Maynor, the tribe's Governmental Affairs director, described the difficult
process of developing a low-income housing tax credit development.

"Construction is the easy part of the project," Maynor said. "The hard part of
the project is the process."

James "Bonk" Maynor, chairman of Pembroke-based Metcon Inc., said that 90
percent of the total cost of the project was spent in Robeson County. The
project also started and finished on time, said Maynor.

Maynor said that if one listens to the stories of those who are now residents of
Pembroke Senior Village it will "bring tears to one's eyes."

"When any of you council members go and visit these residents, make sure to take
handkerchiefs along," he told Tribal Council members present for the ceremony.

State Rep. Charles Graham, a Lumbee tribal member, and state Sen. Jane Smith, a
resident of Lumberton, both praised the tribe for its efforts to provide safe
and affordable housing for its elders.

"I'm proud to stand before you today and say I'm a Lumbee," Graham said. "I'm
proud to be from this community."

Patsy Brasington, property manager for the Village, said in a statement that
eight of the housing units have been filled and another eight seniors have been
approved for housing and will be moving in soon

The development includes 30 one-bedroom units and 20 two-bedroom units. The
12-acre tract also houses a clubhouse with an office, a craft room, a fitness
center and an all-purpose room.

A covered picnic shelter, gazebo, grills and an outdoor seating area is
available for resident use.

"I think this is the best move I ever made," said Luther Hunt, 70, who moved
into the Village early this month from a home in downtown Pembroke near the
railroad.

"It's quiet and I like that. This morning I slept until 8:30 and that's
something I couldn't do in my last home," he said.

Mary Brayboy, 74, also said she loves her new home.

"I couldn't have gotten a better place to live," she said.

Bob Shiles can be reached at 910-416-5165.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150815-QK-Tribe-unveils-Pembroke-Senior-Village-0815-20150815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 10, 1998

FHA 248 Indian Mortgage Guarantee Program May Be Saved

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: Albuquerque, NM


The Federal Housing Administration section 248 Indian mortgage guarantee
program, slated for termination, may be saved from the scrap heap.

Christopher Boesen, executive director of the National American Indian Housing
Council, told the Native American Housing Conference here that a lobbying effort
to save the program got underway after a notice of intent to eliminate the
program appeared in the Federal Register.

The notice in the Register said the little-used 248 would be scrapped in favor
of a new program, the Housing and Urban Development section 184 program.

"I think they will make the right decision and keep the 248 program alive," Mr.
Boesen told the meeting, co-sponsored by the Office of Thrift Supervision and
the New Mexico Office of Indian Affairs, noting that the House Committee on
Banking and Financial Services has told the Budget Committee that the move was a
mistake and should not be allowed.

The HUD section 184 program has closed 370 loans since 1995, while the FHA 248
has been much more sparsely used since its inception in the 1980s.  Still,
lenders that have used it did not want to see it shut down, and others in Indian
Country did not want to see lenders lose a tool for bringing money into tribal
areas, no matter how limited its use to date.

Mr. Boesen also told the conference that NAIHC soon will announce its first
partner in a recently announced mortgage partnership plan with private lenders.
He said he hoped the first partner would be Washington Mutual of Seattle, which
he called "an outstanding friend of Indian Country."

The executive, a veteran of committees in both the House and Senate, spoke of
the effects of the recent Native American Housing Assistance and Self
Determination Act and how that is changing the nature of Indian housing.

That Act has repealed HUD's individual Indian housing programs, like the Mutual
Help program, in favor of block grants to tribes through their tribally
designated housing entities (TDHEs).

He noted that NAHASDA clears up one obstacle to lending by extending the term of
leases on Indian reservations to 50 years.  Formerly they had been 25 years, an
obstacle to lenders looking to get security on 30-year mortgages.

He was particularly excited about Title VI of the Act, which allows tribes to
issue bonds or debt up to five times what they receive in the block grant, with
the federal government insuring the debt.

But he noted that so far, Title VI has just been a demonstration project.  It's
too early to tell the effects of NAHASDA, he said, since many tribes are not yet
drawing down their NAHASDA money since their Indian housing plans haven't been
approved yet.

But he said that tribal involvement in housing has increased, and tribal
dealings with financial institutions have improved.

A big intention of NAHASDA is to leverage government funding through private
involvement, and Mr. Boesen noted that Indian housing is a $ 600 million
business now open to lenders.

Mr. Boesen noted that Indian housing is the worst in the country, and that
Indian Country has not heretofore had the resources - human or financial - to
change that.

He noted also that, previously, the dynamic in Indian housing was the
relationship between the Indian housing authorities and HUD.  Now, he said, the
dynamic will be a government-to-government relationship between the U.S. and
tribes.

Another benefit of NAHASDA, he said, has been to end the "one size fits all"
mentality in public housing where rural and urban populations use the same
programs, in favor of housing solutions in individual communities.

Mr. Boesen mentioned the "absurdly low" estimate of 91 conventional mortgages
being closed on all Indian reservations for the most recent four-year period
found by the Government Accounting Office.

"Real estate finance has to get out to Indian Country," he said.  And he
mentioned the GAO's finding that the Bureau of Indian Affairs currently has a
113 staff year backlog in title certification requests, a major problem for
lenders wanting to make sure their borrowers have clear title to the properties
they want to buy.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Christopher Boesen

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Indian Reservation Redlining Charged

                          December 18, 1980, Thursday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Justice Department has charged an Arizona bank with violating two Federal
fair lending laws by refusing to make home loans on Indian reservations.

In a suit filed in United States District Court in Arizona, the department
charged the $420.1 million-deposit Great Western Bank & trust, Phoenix, with
illegally discriminating against American Indians and persons living or owning
property on Indian reservations.

The suit also charged that the bank discouraged Indians from applying for
mortgages.

A spokeswoman for the bank said Great Western had not yet been served with
papers and had no formal comment at this time.  She said, "We believe we are in
compliance with all applicable laws."

In a statement, the department said the suit was the first redlining case it has
brought and the first credit case involving Indians.

Redlining is a term used to describe an alleged practice in which lending
institutions refuse to make loans in certain geographic areas.

The suit asked the court to block the bank from engaging in discriminatory
lending practices and to require it to compensate persons for past actions.

The department charged the bank, which has 34 branches in the state, with
violating the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and Federal
Reserve Board regulations.

The bank serves the Navajo, Hopi and Fort Apache reservations in Arizona, the
department said.

Great Western is a subsidiary of Patagonia Corp., which has announced plans to
liquidate.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 251 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Barrasso Opening Statement at SCIA Legislative Hearing on Indian
Education Bills

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has issued the
following press release:



 Today, Senate Committee on Indian Affairs (SCIA) chairman John Barrasso (R-WY)
delivered the following remarks at a committee legislative hearing to receive
testimony on the following bills:





 &middot;         S. 2304, the Tribal Early Childhood, Education, and Related
Services Integration Act, a bill to provide for tribal demonstration projects
for the integration of early childhood development, education, including Native
language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those
demonstration projects, and for other purposes;



 &middot;         S. 2468, the Safe Academic Facilities and Environments for
Tribal Youth Act (SAFETY Act), a bill to require the secretary of the Interior
to carry out a 5-year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian
tribes for the construction of tribal schools, and for other purposes;



 &middot;         S. 2580, the Reforming American Indian Standards of Education
Act of 2016 (RAISE Act), a bill to establish the Indian Education Agency to
streamline the administration of Indian education, and for other purposes; and



 &middot;         S. 2711, the Native American Education Opportunity Act, a bill
to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in
education, and for other purposes.



 The hearing featured testimony from Mr. Lawrence S. Roberts, acting assistant
secretary for Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior; the
Honorable Carlyle Begay, senator for District 7 in the Arizona State Senate; Ms.
Patricia Whitefoot, president of the National Indian Education Association; and
Sandra Boham, Ed.D, president of Salish Kootenai College.



 At the beginning of the hearing, the committee also held a moment of silence
for Joe Medicine Crow, of the Crow Nation, who passed away at the age of 102.
Medicine Crow was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009, as well as
numerous honorary doctorate degrees.



 Click here for more information on the witnesses' testimony and to watch video
of the entire hearing.



 Senator Barrasso's remarks:



 "Today the committee will receive testimony on four education bills.



 "Senator Tester has introduced two bills: S. 2304, the Tribal Early Childhood,
Education, and Related Integration Act of 2015 and S. 2468, the Safe Academic
Facilities and Environments for Tribal Youth Act.



 "Senate bill 2304 establishes a demonstration program that would provide
funding for early childhood infrastructure and workforce development.



 "It would also expand certain benefits of the Federal Stafford Loan Forgiveness
for Teachers Program.



 "S. 2468 focuses on school construction needs for Indian children.



 "Senator McCain has introduced S. 2711, the Native American Education
Opportunity Act.



 "This bill would allow students who attend a Bureau of Indian Education school
the option to attend another school of their choice, using existing federal
dollars.



 "Finally, I have introduced S. 2580, the Reforming American Indian Standards
for Education Act of 2016 - otherwise known as the RAISE Act.



 "Last May, the committee held an oversight hearing on the organizational
challenges facing the Bureau of Indian Education.



 "The BIE school system includes 183 elementary and secondary schools and
dormitories on 64 reservations in 23 states, with an estimated 47,000 students.



 "We have heard from the Government Accountability report that the bureaucracy
at the Department of the Interior and the Bureau of Indian Affairs has created
administrative and staffing problems for these schools.



 "For instance, some of the most important functions like school construction,
facility management, and budget planning do not directly fall under the director
of the Bureau of Indian Education. Instead, the BIA manages these functions.



 "As many of my colleagues on this panel know, the BIA is failing in that
responsibility.



 "In fact, just last month, the GAO issued another eye-opening report on the
safety and health at Indian school facilities.



 "One disturbing statistic GAO uncovered is that 54 schools have received no
safety or health inspections during the past four fiscal years.



 "In addition, the committee learned late last week that the current BIE
Director, who was scheduled to testify today, has been removed from his position
as a result of a recent Inspectors General investigation.



 "If the BIA is not going to be accountable in ensuring a child's school is safe
to attend, then we must act.



 "Simply put, my bill would move all education-related responsibilities to a new
independent agency in the Department of the Interior.



 "The new Indian education agency would be headed by a presidentially-appointed
and Senate-confirmed director.



 "It would also create two new assistant directors who would oversee education
curriculum and facility management. This would streamline decision-making
process, reduce the bureaucracy, and provide a more suitable structure than what
currently exists.



 "There are many challenges to improving Indian education beyond management.
That is why I have introduced the RAISE Act today.



 "This bill is a start toward a more responsible and responsive agency.



 "All of the bills before us today have a goal of creating a better environment
for Indian students - whether they are attending a BIE-funded school, a public
school, or a tribal college or university. To that end, I look forward to our
witnesses' testimony."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Dry Creek Rancheria

                    Mailing Address 3750 Westwind Boulevard
                             Santa Rosa,  CA 95403
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (707) 522-4290
FAX: (707) 522-4278
URL: www.drycreekrancheria.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 750

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Westwater Financial, Inc. is a Native Community Development Financial
Institution (CDFI) affiliated with the Dry Creek Rancheria Band of Pomo Indians
located in Sonoma County, California. Westwater's primary mission is to improve
the financial situation of Dry Creek Rancheria tribal members who have been
traditionally underserved by conventional banks. This is accomplished by
providing financial education and access to credit via credit-builder and other
consumer loans, as well as small and micro business loans. Westwater also offers
an Individual Development Account (IDA) matched savings program for qualified
low-income community members with earned income. In addition to its primary
mission of aiding Dry Creek tribal members, Westwater's services may be offered
to other Native Americans and qualified non-tribal individuals residing in the
tri-county service area (Sonoma, Mendocino, and Lake Counties) when available
resources are not fully committed to its primary demographic target segment.
Westwater Financial's mission is to provide access to capital, as well as
financial education, coaching, and technical assistance for the Dry Creek
Rancheria Band of Pomo Indians, along with other Native Americans and Alaska
Natives residing in Westwater's service area. This mission is based on the firm
belief that by addressing the financial and credit needs of a traditionally
underserved segment of our Indian community it will provide opportunities to
stimulate economic development, p

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 150,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                              May 25, 2012 Friday

Shoshone-Bannock Tribal member from Blackfoot appointed to USDA council

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 142  words


Mark Wadsworth, of Blackfoot, a Shoshone-Bannock Tribal member and tribal range
conservationist manager, is one of 11 tribal members USDA secretary Tom Vilsack
has appointed to the Council for Native American Farming and Ranching.

The council was created to advise Vilsack on eliminating barriers for American
Indian farmers to participate in USDA programs. The other 10 officials represent
reservations in Alaska, California, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North
Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma and South Dakota. Their first meeting will be
this summer in Washington, D.C.

Council appointments are for two years. The council was formed as part of the
Keepseagle settlement and will advise the USDA secretary until 2016. The
Keepseagle v. Vilsack lawsuit alleged the USDA discriminated against American
Indian farmers and ranchers in its farm loan program.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                             August 2, 2004 Monday

Agreement to advance litigation costs is unenforceable, rules Minnesota Court of
Appeals

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 368  words


A plaintiff who paid the litigation costs of an employee who sued her employer
could not enforce an agreement granting him a share of the employee's
settlement, the Minnesota Court of Appeals has ruled.

The agreement is champertous, the court said.

The employee sought the services of an attorney in order to sue her former
employer and have her daughter - whose father was a Native American - enrolled
in a tribe. Because she could not meet the legal costs of these actions, the
plaintiff - through his finance company - agreed to loan her the necessary
funds. In exchange for the loans, the employee agreed to pay the plaintiff 27.67
percent of any recovery she obtained against her employer. In another agreement,
she assigned to the plaintiff seven percent of any benefits received as the
result of the daughter's tribal enrollment.

The employee reached a confidential settlement with her employer and paid the
plaintiff $39,000. Claiming he was due more money, the plaintiff sued to enforce
the assignment agreements.

The employee contended that the agreements constituted champerty and were
therefore void as a matter of public policy.

The court agreed.

"Based on the language of the agreement, [the employee] was required to transfer
27.67 [percent] of her recovery in the litigation to [the plaintiff]. But had
there been no recovery, [the plaintiff] would have been entitled to nothing.
Through this agreement, [the plaintiff] effectively intermeddled and speculated
in [the employee's] litigation and its outcome. We conclude that because
recovery is tied to the outcome of the litigation, the 27.67 [percent] agreement
is champertous. "

Further, the tribal enrollment agreement "says nothing about repayment of
expenses. Instead, [the plaintiff] was only entitled to the seven percent if and
when [the daughter] was successfully enrolled as a tribal member. Such an
agreement in which [the plaintiff] had no interest otherwise, and when he is in
no way related to the party he aids, is champertous and void as against public
policy," the court said.

Johnson v. Wright (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9928734) Minnesota Court of Appeals
No. A03-1511. July 13, 2004.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Tribal Affiliation Not Enough to Clear Payday Lending Operation

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - OTHER CONSUMER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 424  words


A South Dakota-based payday lending operation and its owner will pay $967,740 to
the U.S. Treasury to settle Federal Trade Commission charges of using unfair and
deceptive collection tactics.Martin A. Webb and his companies offered payday
loans ranging from $300 to $2,525 to consumers across the U.S. and advertised on
television and online, according to the FTC's complaint. The defendants tried to
garnish consumers' wages without a court order and sought to manipulate the
legal system by forcing borrowers to appear before the Cheyenne River Sioux
Tribal Court in South Dakota, which did not have jurisdiction over their cases.Â

  "Debt collectors cannot garnish consumers' wages without a court order, and
they cannot sue consumers in a tribal court that doesn't have jurisdiction over
their cases," said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer
Protection. "Regardless of tribal affiliation, debt collectors must comply with
federal law."Webb and his companies, under terms of the settlement, agreed to a
$550,000 civil penalty for violating the Credit Practices Rule, which prohibits
payday lenders from requiring borrowers to consent to have wages taken directly
out of their paychecks in the event of a default.

The defendants surrendered $417,740 stemming from their prior practice of
attempting to garnish consumers' wages without court orders, according to a
partial judgment in favor of the FTC in September 2013.Along with the monetary
payment imposed on the defendants, the settlement bans them from further unfair
and deceptive practices and from suing any consumer in the course of collecting
a debt, except for bringing a counter suit to defend against a suit brought by a
consumer.Other defendants named in the complaint include: Payday Financial LLC,
Great Sky Finance LLC, Western Sky Financial LLC, Red Stone Financial LLC,
Financial Solutions LLC, Management Systems LLC, 24-7 Cash Direct LLC, Red River
Ventures LLC and High Country Ventures LLC.

Western Sky agreed last year to stop funding loans amid rising legal battles
with authorities in several states. It previously cited "unprecedented
government interference" as the reason for laying off the majority of its
employees in Timber Lake, S.D. and its decision to close its office in Eagle
Butte, S.D. In October, Webb and Western Sky were among the defendants sued by
Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel's office for allegedly to offer
illegal payday loans online while claiming to be affiliated with a Native
American tribe to avoid legal action.

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday
                                Coastal Edition

Tribe opens assisted-living complex

BYLINE: DIANA GRAETTINGER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: INDIAN TOWNSHIP


Seniors are getting ready to move into the first-ever assisted living complex to
be built on this reservation.

The tribe celebrated the completion of the six-bed assisted-living unit with a
groundbreaking at the complex last month. Tribal Chief William Nicholas and two
elders, Blanche Socobasin and Joan Dana, burned sage leaves during the ceremony
to purify the building.

"With song and drumbeat and the fragrant smoke of the leaves, they led those
gathered through the facility and then welcomed the guests including
representatives from Maine's congressional delegation," a press release issued
by the tribe said.

"The building has been smudged," Nicholas said in the release, "so it is safe
for our elders to be there."

Elders are expected to move into the facility next month. There are about 700
people living at Indian Township.

Inside the complex are six good-sized bedrooms and baths. There is a common
living and dining room and kitchen.

"It is attached to a newly completed dining facility, and elders for their noon
meals during the week can go into the dining facility and socialize and have a
nutritious meal," tribal planner Bob Tyler said Wednesday.

The Passamaquoddy Tribe also is in the process of building a six-unit senior
citizen apartment complex next to the assisted living facility located on Route
1 near the Indian Township tribal office. The entire project has taken about
four years to come to fruition and cost around $1.8 million.

Since 2003, Tyler and other tribal leaders have worked closely with the staff of
the Genesis Fund of Damariscotta who helped leverage nearly $2 million to
support both the assisted living facility and the six-unit senior apartment
complex.

The Genesis Fund, a certified development financial institution, is a statewide
nonprofit organization that began in 1992 to provide low-interest loans for
nonprofit organizations developing affordable housing and community facilities
in underserved neighborhoods and needy communities.

USDA Rural Development and Maine Housing provided a combination of loans and
grants to help the project. "An Administration for Native Americans grant funded
the training of tribal members for jobs in the assisted living facility," the
tribe said in the press release.

Tyler said if there is a need in the future, the tribe hopes to add on to the
assisted living facility.

The reservation's sister community at Pleasant Point does not have a facility
like the new one in Indian Township, although they do have housing for the
elderly.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Sisters return business to their roots;
Company fills tribal resort niche;

BYLINE: Kevin Graman Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words


If there is anything that rivals the bond between Spokane tribal members Marina
TurningRobe and Monica Simeon, it is their ties to their homeland.

The sisters have built a business partnership on the solid foundation of both
relationships.

The manufacturers of hotel room amenities have moved their operations out of
Spokane and onto the Spokane Indian Reservation just as the partnership they
call Sister Sky begins to take flight.

Founded in 1999, the business mixes and distributes shampoo, conditioner, lotion
and soap "infused with indigenous botanicals" in the  little bottles hotel
guests find in their rooms. Last year, Sister Sky sold 500,000 1-ounce bottles,
mostly to its target market - Indian casino resorts.

"Indian gaming is creating the opportunity to diversify," Simeon said. "This is
a business that is seizing that opportunity."

From the Miccosukee Resort in Miami to the Little Creek Casino Resort in
Shelton, Wash., Sister Sky products are finding their way into Indian-owned
hotels across the country that have decided to "buy Native."

When the Clearwater River Casino Hotel opens in Lewiston this spring, it too
will be stocked with Sister Sky amenities.

If guests like the smell of sweetgrass, sage and cedar they find in their rooms,
they can purchase 8-ounce versions in hotel gift shops or on the company's Web
site, TurningRobe said.

"Some places are looking for unique products that have authenticity," she said.
"We know we can feed this demand for Native products in a way that does not
compromise our Native American traditions."

Years of attending trade shows to get the word out about their product began to
pay off when the sisters changed their strategy to target the burgeoning Indian
gaming industry. That strategy includes advertising in trade journals such as
Indian Gaming magazine.

With the help of family members, TurningRobe, 40, and Simeon, 39, mix and label
their products at a facility on reservation land owned by their father, former
Spokane Tribal Business Council member Ronald "Buzz" Gutierrez.

"It's a good fit," said Simeon, "a Native American product made in Native
America."

With the help of a Bureau of Indian Affairs loan guarantee and US Bank,
TurningRobe and Simeon have purchased manufacturing equipment to do the job they
once did on a much smaller scale in their Spokane homes.

The company is now capable of producing 30 1-ounce units a minute in an
FDA-approved "clean room" that includes a 600-gallon production tank.

Though they employ no one other than family members, TurningRobe and Simeon hope
to one day build a large manufacturing facility on a 76-acre site once allotted
to their great-great-grandfather near Ford, Wash. When that day comes, it will
fulfill their dream of bringing jobs and economic development to a reservation
that has unemployment as high as 50 percent.

"We hold very dear to our hearts our vision to build a substantial and
successful business, while bringing economic development to the reservation,"
said Simeon, who, like her sister, once left  the reservation to pursue a
career.

"I don't think we should have to leave to find work," Simeon said. "If we don't
invest and change that pattern, we will always have to leave to find work."

But while the sisters' hearts belong to the reservation, their ambitions have no
such ties.

"We're concentrating on Indian Country now, but our larger vision is national
and international," TurningRobe said.

Recently, the company applied for Small Business Administration 8(a)
certification, making them eligible for government contracts to small
disadvantaged businesses.

"We want to increase the Indian gross national product," Simeon said.

GRAPHIC: Map: Sister Sky

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Sisters return business to their roots;
Company fills tribal resort niche;

BYLINE: Kevin Graman Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words


If there is anything that rivals the bond between Spokane tribal members Marina
TurningRobe and Monica Simeon, it is their ties to their homeland.

The sisters have built a business partnership on the solid foundation of both
relationships.

The manufacturers of hotel room amenities have moved their operations out of
Spokane and onto the Spokane Indian Reservation just as the partnership they
call Sister Sky begins to take flight.

Founded in 1999, the business mixes and distributes shampoo, conditioner, lotion
and soap "infused with indigenous botanicals" in the  little bottles hotel
guests find in their rooms. Last year, Sister Sky sold 500,000 1-ounce bottles,
mostly to its target market - Indian casino resorts.

"Indian gaming is creating the opportunity to diversify," Simeon said. "This is
a business that is seizing that opportunity."

From the Miccosukee Resort in Miami to the Little Creek Casino Resort in
Shelton, Wash., Sister Sky products are finding their way into Indian-owned
hotels across the country that have decided to "buy Native."

When the Clearwater River Casino Hotel opens in Lewiston this spring, it too
will be stocked with Sister Sky amenities.

If guests like the smell of sweetgrass, sage and cedar they find in their rooms,
they can purchase 8-ounce versions in hotel gift shops or on the company's Web
site, TurningRobe said.

"Some places are looking for unique products that have authenticity," she said.
"We know we can feed this demand for Native products in a way that does not
compromise our Native American traditions."

Years of attending trade shows to get the word out about their product began to
pay off when the sisters changed their strategy to target the burgeoning Indian
gaming industry. That strategy includes advertising in trade journals such as
Indian Gaming magazine.

With the help of family members, TurningRobe, 40, and Simeon, 39, mix and label
their products at a facility on reservation land owned by their father, former
Spokane Tribal Business Council member Ronald "Buzz" Gutierrez.

"It's a good fit," said Simeon, "a Native American product made in Native
America."

With the help of a Bureau of Indian Affairs loan guarantee and US Bank,
TurningRobe and Simeon have purchased manufacturing equipment to do the job they
once did on a much smaller scale in their Spokane homes.

The company is now capable of producing 30 1-ounce units a minute in an
FDA-approved "clean room" that includes a 600-gallon production tank.

Though they employ no one other than family members, TurningRobe and Simeon hope
to one day build a large manufacturing facility on a 76-acre site once allotted
to their great-great-grandfather near Ford, Wash. When that day comes, it will
fulfill their dream of bringing jobs and economic development to a reservation
that has unemployment as high as 50 percent.

"We hold very dear to our hearts our vision to build a substantial and
successful business, while bringing economic development to the reservation,"
said Simeon, who, like her sister, once left  the reservation to pursue a
career.

"I don't think we should have to leave to find work," Simeon said. "If we don't
invest and change that pattern, we will always have to leave to find work."

But while the sisters' hearts belong to the reservation, their ambitions have no
such ties.

"We're concentrating on Indian Country now, but our larger vision is national
and international," TurningRobe said.

Recently, the company applied for Small Business Administration 8(a)
certification, making them eligible for government contracts to small
disadvantaged businesses.

"We want to increase the Indian gross national product," Simeon said.

Graphic: Map: Sister Sky

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Valley Edition

Sisters return business to their roots;
Company fills tribal resort niche;

BYLINE: Kevin Graman Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words


If there is anything that rivals the bond between Spokane tribal members Marina
TurningRobe and Monica Simeon, it is their ties to their homeland.

The sisters have built a business partnership on the solid foundation of both
relationships.

The manufacturers of hotel room amenities have moved their operations out of
Spokane and onto the Spokane Indian Reservation just as the partnership they
call Sister Sky begins to take flight.

Founded in 1999, the business mixes and distributes shampoo, conditioner, lotion
and soap "infused with indigenous botanicals" in the  little bottles hotel
guests find in their rooms. Last year, Sister Sky sold 500,000 1-ounce bottles,
mostly to its target market - Indian casino resorts.

"Indian gaming is creating the opportunity to diversify," Simeon said. "This is
a business that is seizing that opportunity."

From the Miccosukee Resort in Miami to the Little Creek Casino Resort in
Shelton, Wash., Sister Sky products are finding their way into Indian-owned
hotels across the country that have decided to "buy Native."

When the Clearwater River Casino Hotel opens in Lewiston this spring, it too
will be stocked with Sister Sky amenities.

If guests like the smell of sweetgrass, sage and cedar they find in their rooms,
they can purchase 8-ounce versions in hotel gift shops or on the company's Web
site, TurningRobe said.

"Some places are looking for unique products that have authenticity," she said.
"We know we can feed this demand for Native products in a way that does not
compromise our Native American traditions."

Years of attending trade shows to get the word out about their product began to
pay off when the sisters changed their strategy to target the burgeoning Indian
gaming industry. That strategy includes advertising in trade journals such as
Indian Gaming magazine.

With the help of family members, TurningRobe, 40, and Simeon, 39, mix and label
their products at a facility on reservation land owned by their father, former
Spokane Tribal Business Council member Ronald "Buzz" Gutierrez.

"It's a good fit," said Simeon, "a Native American product made in Native
America."

With the help of a Bureau of Indian Affairs loan guarantee and US Bank,
TurningRobe and Simeon have purchased manufacturing equipment to do the job they
once did on a much smaller scale in their Spokane homes.

The company is now capable of producing 30 1-ounce units a minute in an
FDA-approved "clean room" that includes a 600-gallon production tank.

Though they employ no one other than family members, TurningRobe and Simeon hope
to one day build a large manufacturing facility on a 76-acre site once allotted
to their great-great-grandfather near Ford, Wash. When that day comes, it will
fulfill their dream of bringing jobs and economic development to a reservation
that has unemployment as high as 50 percent.

"We hold very dear to our hearts our vision to build a substantial and
successful business, while bringing economic development to the reservation,"
said Simeon, who, like her sister, once left  the reservation to pursue a
career.

"I don't think we should have to leave to find work," Simeon said. "If we don't
invest and change that pattern, we will always have to leave to find work."

But while the sisters' hearts belong to the reservation, their ambitions have no
such ties.

"We're concentrating on Indian Country now, but our larger vision is national
and international," TurningRobe said.

Recently, the company applied for Small Business Administration 8(a)
certification, making them eligible for government contracts to small
disadvantaged businesses.

"We want to increase the Indian gross national product," Simeon said.

GRAPHIC: Map: Sister Sky

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Meetings: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  Action



 Notice of public meeting.

 Summary



 This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the second meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and
will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA
programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting
will be open to the public.



 Dates



 The meeting will be held on April 4-5, 2016. The meeting will be open to the
public on both days with time set aside for public comment on April 4 at
approximately 1:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. The OTR will make the agenda available to
the public via the OTR Web site http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later
than 10 business days before the meeting and at the meeting.

 Addresses



 The meeting will be held at the Harrah's Casino & Resort Hotel, 7777 Casino
Drive, Cherokee, NC 28719, in the Hickory Room.



 Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: Dana Richey, Designated
Federal Officer and Chief of Staff to Associate Administrator for Operations and
Management, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg.,
501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov

 For Further Information Contact



 Questions should be directed to the CNAFR Contact Person: Dana Richey,
Designated Federal Officer and Chief of Staff to Associate Administrator for
Operations and Management, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email:
Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA),
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.



 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to Farm Service Agency regulations or
internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program
participation for Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods
of maximizing the number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by
USDA farm loan programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy
services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA
farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or
ranching opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other
related issues as deemed appropriate.



 The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in September 2014.



 Interested persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues relating
to agenda topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted to the
contact person on or before March 30, 2016. Oral presentations from the public
will be heard approximately 1:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on April 4, 2016. Those
individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the
contact person and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue
they wish to present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by
March 30, 2016. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5)
minutes depending on the number of participants.



 The OTR will also make the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
contact Dana Richey, at least 10 business days in advance of the meeting.

 Leslie Wheelock,

 Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06458 Filed 3-22-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Lawsuit Against Tribal Lender Can Proceed

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 480  words


A class-action lawsuit against collection agency Delbert Services Corp., a Las
Vegas-based firm working for online tribal lender Western Sky Financial, can
proceed after a federal appeals court reversed a lower court's decision that the
dispute must be arbitrated.

The lawsuit, filed in 2014, sought damages against Delbert Services, an agency
that collected overdue loans issued by Western Sky and a related loan servicing
company, CashCall Inc. The lawsuit said Western Sky, an online lender, was
trying to evade liability with dubious assertions of sovereign immunity based on
its claimed affiliation with a Native American tribe.

Last month, in a related case, a federal judge ruled the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau can proceed with a lawsuit against CashCall and rejected the
company's argument that the CFPB was trampling on states' rights.

The CFPB had accused California-based CashCall, in a 2013 lawsuit, of violating
the Consumer Financial Protection Act by allegedly collecting tens of millions
of dollars in debt that was void under various state licensing and usury laws.
The CFPB and four state attorneys general at the time announced a series of
lawsuits against CashCall for alleged usury and deceptive collection practices
through the affiliation with Western Sky.

The lawsuits were filed separately by the CFPB and attorneys general from
Colorado, North Carolina, New Hampshire and Indiana. The attorneys general
alleged CashCall exceeded respective state usury limits, while the CFPB claimed
the company violated federal law banning "unfair and deceptive" acts. The CFPB
specifically alleged that CashCall improperly collected payments through
automatic account withdrawals for loans that were void. It became the first
action the CFPB took against an online loan servicer.

The CFPB said at the time that CashCall and its subsidiary, WS Funding, entered
into an agreement in late 2009 with Western Sky, which already was under
scrutiny from several state regulators. CashCall provided capital upfront for
Western Sky's lending operations and then would buy back the loans and assume
servicing of them.

Western Sky has been the subject of several lawsuits challenging its lending in
states with strict usury laws that cap interest rates on loans. Many states have
accused Western Sky of issuing online loans with interest rates as high as 340%.
Just in the last month New York, Michigan and Georgia sued the company. The
Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Western Sky in 2011, alleging
illegal collection practices.

The company is owned by a Cheyenne River Sioux tribal member and operates on the
tribe's South Dakota reservation.

In 2013, the company cited "unprecedented government interference" as the reason
for a decision to lay off most of its employees in Timber Lake, S.D., as well as
its decision to close its office in Eagle Butte, S.D.



URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Program Increase to
Annual Premium Pages 75836 - 75837 [FR DOC # 2016-26331]

LENGTH: 1513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5974-N-01] Section
184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Program Increase to Annual Premium AGENCY:
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing, HUD.

ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee program (Section 184 program) is a
home mortgage program specifically designed for American Indian and Alaska
Native families, Alaska villages, tribes, or tribally designated housing
entities. Over the last five years, the Section 184 program has doubled the
number of loans and eligible families being assisted by the program. For HUD to
continue to meet the increasing demand for participation in this program, HUD is
exercising its authority to increase the annual premium to the borrower from
0.15 to 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance. This annual premium will
continue until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan
guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price or
appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Effective December
1, 2016 the new annual premium of 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance
will apply to all new loan guarantees, including refinances. DATES: Effective
Date: December 1, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Heidi J. Frechette,
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Native American Programs, Office of Public and
Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW.,
Room 4126, Washington, DC 20410; telephone number 202-401-7914 (this is not a
toll-free number). Persons with hearing or speech disabilities may access this
number through TTY by calling the toll- free Federal Relay Service at
800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background Section 184 of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (Pub. L. 102-550, approved October
28, 1992), as amended by the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-330, approved October 26, 1996) and
2013 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act (Pub. L. 113-6,
approved March 26, 2013), established the Section 184 program to provide access
to sources of private mortgage financing to Indian families, Indian housing
authorities, and Indian tribes. Congress established this program in 1992 to
facilitate homeownership and increase access to capital in Native American
Communities. The Section 184 program addresses obstacles to mortgage financing
on trust land and in other Indian and Alaska Native areas by giving HUD the
authority to guarantee loans to eligible persons and entities to construct,
acquire, refinance, or rehabilitate one- to four-family dwellings in these
areas. The Section 184 Loan Guarantee Fund (the Fund) is used to fulfill
obligations of the Secretary with respect to the loans guaranteed under this
program. The Fund receives annual appropriations to cover the cost of the
program, and amounts for claims, notes, mortgages, contracts, and property
acquired by the Secretary under the Section 184 program, which reduces the
amount of appropriations needed to support the program. In recent years, rapidly
growing demand has required HUD to increase the guarantee premium and implement
a new annual upfront fee to support new loan guarantees. HUD issued loan
guarantee commitments for $495.4 million in fiscal year (FY) 2011, $670.8
million in FY 2012, $672.3 million in FY 2013, $595 million in FY 2014, $738.1
million in FY 2015, and $756.3 million in FY 2016.\1\ Additionally, expenses
have increased for acquisitions, insurance, and other program costs, and HUD has
seen higher losses now that the Fund has guaranteed over $5.5 billion in current
loans.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
Year-to-date cumulative report totaling Section 184 loans guaranteed through end
of July 2016.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- On
October 7, 2014, HUD issued a notice exercising its new statutory authority to
implement an annual premium to the borrower in the amount of 0.15 percent. (79
FR 60492). The notice also provided guidance on the cancellation of the annual
premium when the loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to-value ratio. The new annual
premium became effective on November 15, 2014 for all new loan guarantees,
including refinances. II. Increased Premium To meet projected demand for
participation in the Section 184 program for FY 2017, HUD is increasing the
annual premium from 0.15 to 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance until the
unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan guarantee fee, reaches 78
percent of the lower of the initial sales price or appraised value based on the
initial amortization schedule on all new loans, including refinances. This
increase will apply to all new program applicants as of the effective date of
this notice. It will not apply to existing mortgages guaranteed by this program.
Without an increase in the annual premium, HUD will not have sufficient funding
to the meet the anticipated demand for Section 184 mortgage loans in FY 2017.
The decision to increase the annual loan guarantee premium provides a balanced
approach that addresses the current demands for the program while focusing on
the need to remain affordable. By increasing the annual premium paid by
borrowers, the credit subsidy rate \2\ will go down, and HUD expects the program
will be able to guarantee the volume of loans predicted for FY 2017. An annual
premium of 0.25 percent would cost a borrower with a $175,000 mortgage (the
average loan size for the program) an extra $36.18 a month in total monthly fees
on the borrower's monthly payment or $434.16 annually. Since the 0.25 percent
annual premium is tied to the loan balance, the annual premium will decrease for
the borrower every year as the loan balance declines and then disappear after
the loan-to-value ratio reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales
price or appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Even with
these additional costs to borrowers, the Section 184 program will still be one
of the least expensive loan products available to Native borrowers. While [[Page
75837]] paying an annual premium may be a hardship for some potential borrowers,
HUD believes it will have a limited impact on the demand for the program, and
the new annual premium will allow HUD to continue to meet the demand for
mortgage lending transactions in fiscal year 2017 so that more Indian and Alaska
Native families have the opportunity to become homeowners.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \2\
Credit Subsidy Rate as defined in the Federal Credit Reform Act (FCRA) of 1990,
as amended by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- To
reduce some of the impact accompanying the annual premium, the payment of the
annual premium can be made through monthly payments, to spread out the cost for
borrowers, or annual and lump sum payments, to keep a borrower's monthly payment
lower. This notice increases the Section 184 program annual premium to 0.25
percent of the remaining loan balance for all new case numbers assigned on or
after December 1, 2016 until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront
loan guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price
or appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. This notice does
not supersede HUD's guidance on the cancellation of the annual premium when the
loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to- value ratio that was provided in the
October 7, 2014 Notice (79 FR 60492). IV. Tribal Consultation HUD's policy is to
consult with Indian tribes early in the process on matters that have tribal
implications. Accordingly, on June 26, 2016, HUD sent letters to all tribal
leaders participating in the Section 184 program, informing them of the nature
of the forthcoming notice and soliciting comments. A summary of comments
received and responses can be found on HUD's Web site at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/public_indian_housing/i
h/homeownership/184. V. Environmental Impact This notice involves the
establishment of a rate or cost determination that does not constitute a
development decision affecting the physical condition of specific project areas
or building sites. Accordingly, under 24 CFR 50.19(c)(6), this notice is
categorically excluded from environmental review under the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (U.S.C. 4321). Dated: October 24, 2016. Lourdes
Castro Ramirez, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian
Housing. [FR Doc. 2016-26331 Filed 10-31-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Program Increase to
Annual Premium Pages 75836 - 75837 [FR DOC # 2016-26331]

LENGTH: 1513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5974-N-01] Section
184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee Program Increase to Annual Premium AGENCY:
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing, HUD.

ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Section 184 Indian Housing Loan Guarantee program (Section 184 program) is a
home mortgage program specifically designed for American Indian and Alaska
Native families, Alaska villages, tribes, or tribally designated housing
entities. Over the last five years, the Section 184 program has doubled the
number of loans and eligible families being assisted by the program. For HUD to
continue to meet the increasing demand for participation in this program, HUD is
exercising its authority to increase the annual premium to the borrower from
0.15 to 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance. This annual premium will
continue until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan
guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price or
appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Effective December
1, 2016 the new annual premium of 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance
will apply to all new loan guarantees, including refinances. DATES: Effective
Date: December 1, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Heidi J. Frechette,
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Native American Programs, Office of Public and
Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW.,
Room 4126, Washington, DC 20410; telephone number 202-401-7914 (this is not a
toll-free number). Persons with hearing or speech disabilities may access this
number through TTY by calling the toll- free Federal Relay Service at
800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background Section 184 of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (Pub. L. 102-550, approved October
28, 1992), as amended by the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-330, approved October 26, 1996) and
2013 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act (Pub. L. 113-6,
approved March 26, 2013), established the Section 184 program to provide access
to sources of private mortgage financing to Indian families, Indian housing
authorities, and Indian tribes. Congress established this program in 1992 to
facilitate homeownership and increase access to capital in Native American
Communities. The Section 184 program addresses obstacles to mortgage financing
on trust land and in other Indian and Alaska Native areas by giving HUD the
authority to guarantee loans to eligible persons and entities to construct,
acquire, refinance, or rehabilitate one- to four-family dwellings in these
areas. The Section 184 Loan Guarantee Fund (the Fund) is used to fulfill
obligations of the Secretary with respect to the loans guaranteed under this
program. The Fund receives annual appropriations to cover the cost of the
program, and amounts for claims, notes, mortgages, contracts, and property
acquired by the Secretary under the Section 184 program, which reduces the
amount of appropriations needed to support the program. In recent years, rapidly
growing demand has required HUD to increase the guarantee premium and implement
a new annual upfront fee to support new loan guarantees. HUD issued loan
guarantee commitments for $495.4 million in fiscal year (FY) 2011, $670.8
million in FY 2012, $672.3 million in FY 2013, $595 million in FY 2014, $738.1
million in FY 2015, and $756.3 million in FY 2016.\1\ Additionally, expenses
have increased for acquisitions, insurance, and other program costs, and HUD has
seen higher losses now that the Fund has guaranteed over $5.5 billion in current
loans.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
Year-to-date cumulative report totaling Section 184 loans guaranteed through end
of July 2016.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- On
October 7, 2014, HUD issued a notice exercising its new statutory authority to
implement an annual premium to the borrower in the amount of 0.15 percent. (79
FR 60492). The notice also provided guidance on the cancellation of the annual
premium when the loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to-value ratio. The new annual
premium became effective on November 15, 2014 for all new loan guarantees,
including refinances. II. Increased Premium To meet projected demand for
participation in the Section 184 program for FY 2017, HUD is increasing the
annual premium from 0.15 to 0.25 percent of the remaining loan balance until the
unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront loan guarantee fee, reaches 78
percent of the lower of the initial sales price or appraised value based on the
initial amortization schedule on all new loans, including refinances. This
increase will apply to all new program applicants as of the effective date of
this notice. It will not apply to existing mortgages guaranteed by this program.
Without an increase in the annual premium, HUD will not have sufficient funding
to the meet the anticipated demand for Section 184 mortgage loans in FY 2017.
The decision to increase the annual loan guarantee premium provides a balanced
approach that addresses the current demands for the program while focusing on
the need to remain affordable. By increasing the annual premium paid by
borrowers, the credit subsidy rate \2\ will go down, and HUD expects the program
will be able to guarantee the volume of loans predicted for FY 2017. An annual
premium of 0.25 percent would cost a borrower with a $175,000 mortgage (the
average loan size for the program) an extra $36.18 a month in total monthly fees
on the borrower's monthly payment or $434.16 annually. Since the 0.25 percent
annual premium is tied to the loan balance, the annual premium will decrease for
the borrower every year as the loan balance declines and then disappear after
the loan-to-value ratio reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales
price or appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. Even with
these additional costs to borrowers, the Section 184 program will still be one
of the least expensive loan products available to Native borrowers. While [[Page
75837]] paying an annual premium may be a hardship for some potential borrowers,
HUD believes it will have a limited impact on the demand for the program, and
the new annual premium will allow HUD to continue to meet the demand for
mortgage lending transactions in fiscal year 2017 so that more Indian and Alaska
Native families have the opportunity to become homeowners.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \2\
Credit Subsidy Rate as defined in the Federal Credit Reform Act (FCRA) of 1990,
as amended by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- To
reduce some of the impact accompanying the annual premium, the payment of the
annual premium can be made through monthly payments, to spread out the cost for
borrowers, or annual and lump sum payments, to keep a borrower's monthly payment
lower. This notice increases the Section 184 program annual premium to 0.25
percent of the remaining loan balance for all new case numbers assigned on or
after December 1, 2016 until the unpaid principal balance, excluding the upfront
loan guarantee fee, reaches 78 percent of the lower of the initial sales price
or appraised value based on the initial amortization schedule. This notice does
not supersede HUD's guidance on the cancellation of the annual premium when the
loan reaches the 78 percent loan-to- value ratio that was provided in the
October 7, 2014 Notice (79 FR 60492). IV. Tribal Consultation HUD's policy is to
consult with Indian tribes early in the process on matters that have tribal
implications. Accordingly, on June 26, 2016, HUD sent letters to all tribal
leaders participating in the Section 184 program, informing them of the nature
of the forthcoming notice and soliciting comments. A summary of comments
received and responses can be found on HUD's Web site at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/public_indian_housing/i
h/homeownership/184. V. Environmental Impact This notice involves the
establishment of a rate or cost determination that does not constitute a
development decision affecting the physical condition of specific project areas
or building sites. Accordingly, under 24 CFR 50.19(c)(6), this notice is
categorically excluded from environmental review under the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (U.S.C. 4321). Dated: October 24, 2016. Lourdes
Castro Ramirez, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian
Housing. [FR Doc. 2016-26331 Filed 10-31-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            American Banker Magazine

                                 February 2017

California Crackdown;
Online payday lenders suffer another blow

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: BANKTECHNOLOGY; Pg. 13 Vol. 127 No. 2

LENGTH: 333  words


Efforts to rein in high-costonline payday lenders are paying off.

The most recent example is a California Supreme Court decision that could prove
fatal to the practice of Native American tribes offering consumer credit in the
state without a license. In a Dec. 22 ruling, the court said that two lenders
with tribal affiliations are not entitled to sovereign immunity and much comply
with state interest rate caps.

But even before that, consumer advocates and their allies in state government
had notched some key victories.

A report by the Center for Financial Services Innovation in November found that
the online payday loan market shrunk by 22.5% between 2014 and 2015. The report
projected that the sector would contract by another 9.9% over the next year.

"I think the tribal payday lending model is totally on the way out," said Lauren
Saunders, associate director of the National Consumer Law Center.

One key factor in the decline of online payday lending may be steps that search
engine companies such as Google have taken. Since July, the Mountain View,
Calif., search giant has banned ads for loans with annual percentage rates of
36% or higher, or where repayment is due within 60 days.

The state of California also has been working with Google, Microsoft and Yahoo
to block online ads by unlicensed payday lenders in the Golden State.

Under a legal doctrine known as sovereign immunity, tribes have sometimes been
able to get around state licensing requirements. The tribes often establish
affiliated companies that make the loans.

But in its December ruling, the California court found that the Miami Tribe of
Oklahoma and the Santee Nation of Nebraska exercised little control over the
daily operations of the lending affiliates. The court concluded that the
affiliates were largely run by people who were not members of the tribes and
were not entitled to tribal sovereign immunity. It also laid out a detailed
legal test for determining whether these sorts of business arrangements pass
muster.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Chairman Barrasso Addresses the National American Indian Housing
Council

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has issued the
following press release:



 Today, Senate Committee on Indian Affairs Chairman John Barrasso (R-WY)
delivered the following address to the National American Indian Housing Council.





 Barrasso's remarks focused on the work the committee has done on housing and
the importance of reauthorizing the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act.







 Senator Barrasso's Remarks as Prepared for Delivery:



 "I'd like to welcome all the members of the National American Indian Housing
Council, tribal leaders from across Indian country, and other distinguished
guests with us today.



 "I want to thank NAIHC's Chairwoman Sami Jo Difuntorum for inviting me to speak
to you today.



 "I appreciate the opportunity to update you on the work the committee is doing
on behalf of Indian Country.



 "I am honored to serve as chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
and to work with my colleagues who are committed to helping tribal communities.



 "As you all know, one of the most urgent needs in Indian Country is housing.



 "Families need good, safe, and affordable homes in order to prosper.



 "And there are not enough of these kinds of housing in tribal areas.



 "We have far too many tribal members who are living in inadequate houses or
have actually become homeless.



 "This is why we need to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act, or NAHASDA for short.



 "This legislation simplifies Indian housing by offering block grants and loan
-guarantee programs.



 "This important program expired in 2013.



 "While funding remains, it needs to be reauthorized. Otherwise it becomes known
as discretionary spending. That means the Indian Block Grant will have to
compete with all of the other expired programs to get funding.



 "In March of last year, I introduced a bill that will reauthorize NAHASDA until
2020, and will also enhance it.



 "My legislation will improve the program by establishing the Office of the
Assistant Secretary at the Department of Housing and Urban Development to
oversee Indian programs like this one.



 "This means that there will be someone in Washington who is directly
accountable for Indian housing.



 "We're also going to eliminate Washington's duplicative requirements on tribes
when multiple government agencies are involved in a housing project.



 "Washington should empower tribes, not restrain them. That is exactly what my
bill aims to do.



 "This legislation will also simplify actions like trying to meet environmental
review standards or administering programs to benefit American Indian veterans.



 "Finally, my bill will also give tribes more freedom to use income from housing
assistance programs in ways that will best help their members.



 "The bill passed the committee unanimously, and it has strong bipartisan
support.



 "We hope it will pass the full Senate this year, and that we can work with
members in the House of Representatives to get it across the finish line.



 "I appreciate the National American Indian Housing Council's support of my
bill, and I also appreciate the work that all of you are doing on behalf of your
communities.



 "The council plays an important role in fostering conversations about tribal
housing and finding solutions to Indian country's housing needs.



 "I ask that you continue to work with us to make sure that the reauthorization
of NAHASDA becomes law.



 "Beyond this bill, there is much work left to be done to improve housing in
Indian Country.



 "Last year, one of my first hearings was on leveraging.



 "I know how important it is to leverage federal dollars for infrastructure and
purchasing power.



 "I will continue to promote leveraging as a way forward for economic
development.



 "I am also committed to breaking down bureaucratic red tape for more
self-determination.



 "The HEARTH Act became law in 2012. So I find it hard to believe that the
Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Department of Housing and Urban Development
title approvals continue to take so long to perfect title to native lands.



 "This leads to lost revenue and lost home investment opportunities. It's
unacceptable.



 "The HEARTH Act was meant to allow tribes the ability to manage their own land,
and this is not happening, especially with loan guarantees.



 "Can someone please tell me why it is taking the Department of Housing and
Urban Development six years to deliver the "Housing Needs Study" that Congress
asked for in 2010?



 "Congress needs to see the actual figure for housing needs in Indian Country.
All of you, with NAIHC, need to see these numbers too.



 "I am afraid that we may be approaching a point where the data used in that
needs assessment is out of date. I hope that's not the case.



 "I will be pressing for answers this week when my staff meets with HUD on
Thursday.



 "Finally, let me say that I know that this organization has played an important
role in the Formula Negotiated Rule Making Session that just ended two weeks
ago.



 "Many here were part of the negotiated rulemaking process.



 "I know that you all have had eight meaningful negotiation sessions spanning
almost three years. That's a long time.



 "Many of you know my staff director was also part of those negotiations. That's
why I sent him and staff over to HUD two weeks ago to keep me and the committee
posted on the outcome.



 "Let me assure everyone here, the committee will remain engaged on the outcome
of the final rule. As I have often said, the best solutions, or in this case
negotiations, come from Indian Country, not Congress.



 "Thank you again for the invitation to speak today and have a great legislative
conference."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Chairman Barrasso Addresses the National American Indian Housing
Council

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has issued the
following press release:



 Today, Senate Committee on Indian Affairs Chairman John Barrasso (R-WY)
delivered the following address to the National American Indian Housing Council.





 Barrasso's remarks focused on the work the committee has done on housing and
the importance of reauthorizing the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act.







 Senator Barrasso's Remarks as Prepared for Delivery:



 "I'd like to welcome all the members of the National American Indian Housing
Council, tribal leaders from across Indian country, and other distinguished
guests with us today.



 "I want to thank NAIHC's Chairwoman Sami Jo Difuntorum for inviting me to speak
to you today.



 "I appreciate the opportunity to update you on the work the committee is doing
on behalf of Indian Country.



 "I am honored to serve as chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
and to work with my colleagues who are committed to helping tribal communities.



 "As you all know, one of the most urgent needs in Indian Country is housing.



 "Families need good, safe, and affordable homes in order to prosper.



 "And there are not enough of these kinds of housing in tribal areas.



 "We have far too many tribal members who are living in inadequate houses or
have actually become homeless.



 "This is why we need to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act, or NAHASDA for short.



 "This legislation simplifies Indian housing by offering block grants and loan
-guarantee programs.



 "This important program expired in 2013.



 "While funding remains, it needs to be reauthorized. Otherwise it becomes known
as discretionary spending. That means the Indian Block Grant will have to
compete with all of the other expired programs to get funding.



 "In March of last year, I introduced a bill that will reauthorize NAHASDA until
2020, and will also enhance it.



 "My legislation will improve the program by establishing the Office of the
Assistant Secretary at the Department of Housing and Urban Development to
oversee Indian programs like this one.



 "This means that there will be someone in Washington who is directly
accountable for Indian housing.



 "We're also going to eliminate Washington's duplicative requirements on tribes
when multiple government agencies are involved in a housing project.



 "Washington should empower tribes, not restrain them. That is exactly what my
bill aims to do.



 "This legislation will also simplify actions like trying to meet environmental
review standards or administering programs to benefit American Indian veterans.



 "Finally, my bill will also give tribes more freedom to use income from housing
assistance programs in ways that will best help their members.



 "The bill passed the committee unanimously, and it has strong bipartisan
support.



 "We hope it will pass the full Senate this year, and that we can work with
members in the House of Representatives to get it across the finish line.



 "I appreciate the National American Indian Housing Council's support of my
bill, and I also appreciate the work that all of you are doing on behalf of your
communities.



 "The council plays an important role in fostering conversations about tribal
housing and finding solutions to Indian country's housing needs.



 "I ask that you continue to work with us to make sure that the reauthorization
of NAHASDA becomes law.



 "Beyond this bill, there is much work left to be done to improve housing in
Indian Country.



 "Last year, one of my first hearings was on leveraging.



 "I know how important it is to leverage federal dollars for infrastructure and
purchasing power.



 "I will continue to promote leveraging as a way forward for economic
development.



 "I am also committed to breaking down bureaucratic red tape for more
self-determination.



 "The HEARTH Act became law in 2012. So I find it hard to believe that the
Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Department of Housing and Urban Development
title approvals continue to take so long to perfect title to native lands.



 "This leads to lost revenue and lost home investment opportunities. It's
unacceptable.



 "The HEARTH Act was meant to allow tribes the ability to manage their own land,
and this is not happening, especially with loan guarantees.



 "Can someone please tell me why it is taking the Department of Housing and
Urban Development six years to deliver the "Housing Needs Study" that Congress
asked for in 2010?



 "Congress needs to see the actual figure for housing needs in Indian Country.
All of you, with NAIHC, need to see these numbers too.



 "I am afraid that we may be approaching a point where the data used in that
needs assessment is out of date. I hope that's not the case.



 "I will be pressing for answers this week when my staff meets with HUD on
Thursday.



 "Finally, let me say that I know that this organization has played an important
role in the Formula Negotiated Rule Making Session that just ended two weeks
ago.



 "Many here were part of the negotiated rulemaking process.



 "I know that you all have had eight meaningful negotiation sessions spanning
almost three years. That's a long time.



 "Many of you know my staff director was also part of those negotiations. That's
why I sent him and staff over to HUD two weeks ago to keep me and the committee
posted on the outcome.



 "Let me assure everyone here, the committee will remain engaged on the outcome
of the final rule. As I have often said, the best solutions, or in this case
negotiations, come from Indian Country, not Congress.



 "Thank you again for the invitation to speak today and have a great legislative
conference."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Gary 'Litefoot' Davis to Lead Tribal Lending Trade Group

BYLINE: Joseph Kellard

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 188

LENGTH: 297  words


Gary "Litefoot" Davis, a member of the Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma and a music
and on-screen personality, was named executive director of the Native American
Financial Services Association.

The tribal lending organization said in a press release Wednesday that Davis
will take on his new role starting Oct. 1. Davis will succeed Barry Brandon, who
served in that position since 2012, according to his LinkedIn profile.

In his new role, Davis, who is also a rap recording artist and film and
television actor, said he will help create greater awareness about the financial
services provided by tribally owned companies and work to expand the
organization's reach "to create even greater growth in the tribal financial
services sector."

Davis' appointment comes at a time when state officials and federal agencies
haveincreased pressure on many tribal online lendersfor charging exorbitantly
high fees on loans. But many lendershave won in court, citing tribal sovereignty
that makes them immune from violations of lending laws.

Established in 2012, NAFSA's mission is to advocate for "tribal sovereignty,
promote responsible financial services, and provide better economic opportunity
in Indian Country for the benefit of tribal communities,"according to its
website. The trade group is based in Washington.

Davis was previously chief executive and president of the National Center for
American Indian Enterprise Development in Mesa, Ariz. Prior to that he was vice
president of Native Affairs for the Triple Five Group, the owners of the West
Edmonton Mall and Mall of America.

NAFSA's Chairman John Shotton characterized Davis' appointment as
"transformative" for the organization and called him "a passionate and tireless
advocate for creating new economic opportunities for Indian Country."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Gary 'Litefoot' Davis to Lead Tribal Lending Trade Group

BYLINE: Joseph Kellard

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 297  words


Gary "Litefoot" Davis, a member of the Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma and a music
and on-screen personality, was named executive director of the Native American
Financial Services Association.

The tribal lending organization said in a press release Wednesday that Davis
will take on his new role starting Oct. 1. Davis will succeed Barry Brandon, who
served in that position since 2012, according to his LinkedIn profile.

In his new role, Davis, who is also a rap recording artist and film and
television actor, said he will help create greater awareness about the financial
services provided by tribally owned companies and work to expand the
organization's reach "to create even greater growth in the tribal financial
services sector."

Davis' appointment comes at a time when state officials and federal agencies
haveincreased pressure on many tribal online lendersfor charging exorbitantly
high fees on loans. But many lendershave won in court, citing tribal sovereignty
that makes them immune from violations of lending laws.

Established in 2012, NAFSA's mission is to advocate for "tribal sovereignty,
promote responsible financial services, and provide better economic opportunity
in Indian Country for the benefit of tribal communities,"according to its
website. The trade group is based in Washington.

Davis was previously chief executive and president of the National Center for
American Indian Enterprise Development in Mesa, Ariz. Prior to that he was vice
president of Native Affairs for the Triple Five Group, the owners of the West
Edmonton Mall and Mall of America.

NAFSA's Chairman John Shotton characterized Davis' appointment as
"transformative" for the organization and called him "a passionate and tireless
advocate for creating new economic opportunities for Indian Country."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              April 1, 2012 Sunday

Supervisors to mull adding tribal seat to transportation board; update on
expected new air service at Arcata/Eureka Airport

BYLINE: Megan Hansen/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 469 words


Whether or not a seat especially designated for tribal representation should be
created on the Humboldt County Association of Governments board is a topic up
for discussion Tuesday afternoon at the Humboldt County Board of Supervisors
meeting.

The HCAOG board -- which is largely responsible for Humboldt County
transportation projects -- includes representatives from Humboldt County,
Eureka, Trinidad, Fortuna, Blue Lake, Rio Dell, Arcata and Ferndale. All the
delegates are city council members, with one county supervisor. No tribes are
currently represented.

HCAOG has been petitioned by various tribes and the North Coast Tribal
Transportation Commission to include a Native American seat on the board. The
supervisors will discuss whether they want to support expanded membership during
their meeting.

It's ultimately up to HCAOG to decide whether it wants to include new members,
but the supervisors will have their chance to weigh in on the issue through
HCAOG board member and Fourth District County Supervisor Virginia Bass.

Also during the afternoon session, the supervisors will receive an update on the
ongoing negotiations with American Airlines to start twice-daily service from
the Arcata/Eureka Airport to Los Angeles.

As it stands now, American Airlines is already booking flights out of the
airport for departures starting June 14. However, a revenue guarantee contract
with the county has yet to be signed. The airline wants a two-year, $1 million
revenue guarantee allowing it to recoup it losses on flights where it doesn't
meet capacity requirements.

The Redwood Region Economic Development Commission -- which oversees a county
economic development loan fund aimed at helping small businesses -- is
considering whether it wants to administer the agreement on the county's behalf.
The county can't directly authorize the agreement, and a third party is needed.

Members of the Headwaters Fund board -- created by the county to utilize $22
million in state and federal funds given to offset the sale of the Headwaters
Forest Reserve -- have offered to loan the county $1 million for the guarantee.

The Headwaters Fund board will have a special meeting Wednesday at 3:30 p.m. to
discuss the specific terms of a loan agreement. The meeting will be held at the
Prosperity Center, 520 E St. in Eureka. Members may vote to send a recommended
loan package to the supervisors for approval.

For the complete board of supervisors meeting agenda and supporting documents,
go online towww.co.humboldt.ca.us/board/agenda/questys/ .

_______________________________

IF YOU GO:

What: Board of Supervisors meeting

Where: Supervisors Chamber, first floor, Humboldt County Courthouse, 825 Fifth
St.

When: 9 a.m. Tuesday

___________________________________

Megan Hansen can be reached at 441-0511 ormhansen@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday

FTC Charges Race Car Driver In Payday Lending, Collections Scam

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - OTHER CONSUMER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 478  words


The Federal Trade Commission filed an injunction in federal court Monday
charging that a web of defendants - including AMG Services Inc., several
Internet-based lending companies and race car driver Scott Tucker - violated
federal laws by deceiving consumers when providing and collecting on payday
loans. According to court documents, Tucker - who allegedly controlled the
lending companies - and his co-defendant and brother, Blaine Tucker, allegedly
transferred more than $40 million collected from consumers by the payday lending
companies to another company Scott Tucker controls, Level 5 Motor Sports, for
"sponsorship" fees that benefit Scott Tucker's automobile racing.

The operation has claimed in legal proceedings that it is affiliated with Native
American tribes, and therefore immune from legal action.Â However, the FTC
alleges that the defendants' claims of tribal affiliation do not exempt them
from complying with federal law.The Tuckers and the other defendants claimed
they would charge borrowers the amount borrowed plus a one-time finance fee.
Instead, the FTC alleges, the defendants made multiple withdrawals from
borrowers' bank accounts and assessed a new finance fee each time, without
disclosing the true costs of the loan. Â The defendants also falsely threatened
that consumers could be arrested, prosecuted, or imprisoned for failing to pay
and that the defendants would sue them if they did not pay, according to the
FTC. Â According to documents filed by the FTC, over the last five years, the
defendants' deceptive and illegal tactics have generated more than 7,500
complaints to law enforcement authorities.Â In many cases, the defendants'
inflated fees left borrowers with supposed debts of more than triple the amount
they had borrowed.Â  In one typical example, the defendants allegedly told
consumer Eric Barboza that a $500 loan would cost him $650 to repay.Â But the
defendants attempted to charge him $1,925 to pay off the $500 loan, and
threatened him with arrest when he balked at paying that amount. The FTC's
complaint alleges that defendants' misrepresentations and false threats violated
the Federal Trade Commission Act.Â According to the FTC, the defendants also
violated the Truth in Lending Act by failing to accurately disclose the annual
percentage rate and other loan terms; and violated the Electronic Fund Transfer
Act by illegally requiring consumers to preauthorize electronic fund transfers
from their accounts.This is the second time in seven months that the FTC has
brought suit against a payday lender that has used a tribal affiliation defense
against actions by state authorities. The FTC last month expanded its first such
case, against Payday Financial LLC (see story) adding charges that the operation
illegally sued consumers in a South Dakota tribal court that did not have
jurisdiction over their cases.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

California plays trump card in Shingle Springs refi

BYLINE: by Lisa Allen

LENGTH: 1455 words


Shingle Springs Tribal Gaming Authority, the Native American organization that
runs the Red Hawk Casino in Placerville, Calif., has completed the last piece of
a debt revamp that saw California legislators take an unusually active role in
mandating changes to the tribe's debt structure.

The closing of a $505 million debt refinancing was announced on Sept. 12,
completing the tribe's quest to cut debt service costs, lower payment
obligations to its home state and county, and end a costly casino management
contract. The cornerstone of the new deal was California's agreement to take
only 15% of the struggling casino's revenue instead of 20% - for a price.

In an uncommon move, California agreed to provide a revenue-sharing cut, but
made the agreement conditional on other parties taking debt hits and payment
cuts as well. An amended gaming compact between Shingle Springs and the state of
California invokes a central tenet of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act to demand
widespread changes to the tribe's financing.

IGRA stipulates that a tribe must be the primary beneficiary of its gaming
operations. That condition comes into question in cases like Shingle Springs,
which was paying most of its funds to the state, an outside casino management
firm and bondholders.

The amended gaming compact invokes the IGRA requirement to argue that, "in order
for the Tribe to fully benefit from its Gaming Activities and for the State's
concessions under this Amended Compact to provide value to the Tribe, the Tribe
must reposition its financial commitments to its major creditors."

Section 4.4 of the amended compact reduces the state's revenue entitlement to
15%, and the payments are waived or balanced out by credits from the state
through June 2020, which is a triumph for the tribe.

But Section 4.5 of the amended compact reveals the strings attached to the
state's concession, explaining that the reduced revenue-sharing requirement is
contingent on the tribe reducing its debt obligations elsewhere. This demand is
notable because Native American tribes are limited in their options for
refinancing debt.

Since federally recognized Native American tribes are defined as sovereign
entities, they cannot issue equity. In a tough financial climate, tribes can't
resort to selling stakes in their businesses or selling tribal assets to shore
up funds.

Furthermore, most legal experts agree that tribes aren't permitted to file for
bankruptcy. Besides, if one tribe succeeded in making a legal case to file for
bankruptcy, it could undermine the sovereign protections that all other Native
American tribes enjoy.

Accordingly, all debt revamps must be concluded consensually out of court, and
no outside authority has the power to enforce a resolution. In the case of
Shingle Springs, the state of California had a powerful trump card in its
ability to give or deny revenue-sharing relief, and it played that card in
Section 4.5 of the amended compact.

That section demands that for the new payment agreement to be effective, Shingle
Springs had to terminate its casino management agreement with Minnetonka,
Minn.-based Lakes Entertainment Inc., reduce its payments to the local
government in El Dorado County and also "reduce the Tribe's existing debt
related to the Gaming Facility through refinancing of the existing Senior Notes
owed to certain bondholders that are due in 2015."

Specific demands attached to revenue-sharing concessions from California isn't
common, although an amended compact with the Coyote Valley Pomo Indians from
July 27, 2012, included a similar order for the tribe to "renegotiate its
financial commitments with [its local] County of Mendocino and with its primary
creditor."

In the case of Shingle Springs, however, these concessions and refinancing
initiatives were crucial for addressing problems that have been brewing for a
long time.

The Shingle Springs Band of Miwok Indians opened the Red Hawk Casino in December
2008, just in time for the economic downturn. High unemployment in nearby
Sacramento and other surrounding cities dampened spending in the area and, to
make matters worse, the tribe was on the hook to pay a hefty 20% of the revenue
it could muster to the state of California.

To keep the tribe solvent, it was imperative to amend its gaming compact with
the state and get some relief from the 20% casino revenue grab.

California Gov. Jerry Brown signed Shingle Springs Tribal Gaming Authority's
amended compact with California last November, and the U.S. Department of the
Interior approved it on July 23.

Tribal chairman Nicholas H. Fonseca said in a statement that day, "This amended
compact is crucial to Red Hawk Casino's financial sustainability and was agreed
upon in the spirit of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act to finally allow the
Tribe to benefit from its tribal gaming."

After Shingle Springs Tribal Gaming Authority's amended compact received the
final stamp of approval in July, the rest of the process was relatively
painless.

Lakes Entertainment agreed to end its contract to manage Red Hawk Casino last
month. The manager accepted a lump sum debt payment of $57.1 million, about $10
million less than the agreement would have yielded if it had been held through
its 2015 expiration.

Shingle Springs refinanced its $450 million in senior notes due 2015 with no
need for bondholder negotiations, the tribe's financial adviser Jeff Heimann of
Tribal Financial Advisors Inc. said in an interview.

Those notes were replaced with a $245 million senior secured term loan due 2016
and $260 million in 9.75% senior unsecured notes due 2021; in addition, the
tribe now has a $15 million revolving credit facility. The refinancing reduced
Shingle Springs' blended interest rate to 8.1% from 9.4%, according to a Sept.
12 release from Tribal Financial.

Moody's Investors Service was pleased with the refinancing, raising the tribe's
corporate rating to B3 from Caa2 on Sept. 12. The ratings agency estimated in a
Tuesday report that the new capital structure will save about $8 million per
year.

In other good news, money is trickling back into the Sacramento region.

"Shingle Springs' operating performance has improved over the past two years due
to improving economic conditions in its primary feeder market - the [Sacramento]
region - which accounts for about 75% of the Red Hawk Casino's customer visits,"
Moody's explained.

Tribal Financial's Heimann concurred with the optimistic outlook.

"It was a completely game-changing transaction for the tribe and its people," he
said. "It showed a lot of good cooperation between the state, the county and the
[tribe's casino] management partner."

Shingle Springs retained Tribal Financial, an El Segundo, Calif.-based
investment bank that specializes in financial advisory and capital raising for
Native American tribes, about 18 months ago.

The negotiations with state and local legislators were lengthy, but "once the
[legislative and regulatory] pieces were in place, we approached the market and
turned things around quickly," Heimann said, adding that the amended compact
with California was crucial to investor confidence.

Heimann explained that the new financing attracted "traditional Native American
high-yield investors," such as institutional investors and insurance companies.
Both new and existing investors bought the new notes.

Although hedge funds bought Shingle Springs' notes when they were trading at a
discount, there was not a strong hedge fund contingent in the new financing,
Heimann noted.

The debt refinancing puts Shingle Springs back on solid ground, but it's not a
guaranteed jackpot.

Red Hawk Casino will face a large new competitor later this year. The Federated
Indians of Graton Rancheria are gearing up to open their $800 million Graton
Resort & Casino in Rohnert Park, Calif., near Sonoma County's wine country.

"Despite a major competitor coming into the market, Shingle Springs was able to
get very attractive financing," Heimann asserted.

It's hard to predict the impact of the Graton casino on Shingle Springs, but
Heimann expects it to be "minor" since the new casino is 125 miles away.

The region north of California's Bay Area is already a highly competitive gaming
center populated by various competing casinos. The opening of Graton is more
worrisome for nearby River Rock Casino.

Alexander Valley, Calif.-based River Rock, operated by the Dry Creek Rancheria
Band of Pomo Indians, restructured $200 million in debt in 2011, lowering
interest rates and pushing back maturity dates to prevent a default.

River Rock stopped releasing public financial statements last year, making it
more difficult to ascertain how prepared it is to withstand competition from
Graton.

DEAL SIZE

$ 500 Million to 1 Billion

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              May 28, 2012 Monday
                                  WEB Edition

Letters to the Editor

BYLINE: Letter to the Inquirer Editor

SECTION: NEWS; P-com Opinion; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 658 words


The risks of fossil fuels

I kept thinking the article "U.S. must work to adapt to new energy landscape"
(May 20) by Chris Lafakis would address the need to invest in "new energy," such
as wind and solar power. However, it's all about the refining and pricing of
oil, including dirty tar-sands oil from Canada.

I would have thought that a Moody's economist, with risk management in his
mind-set, would have at least mentioned the risk to our economy, public health,
and the environment if we continue to use fossil fuels as our predominant energy
source.

The Environmental Protection Agency is considering the historic step of
declaring the carbon released into the atmosphere as we burn these fossil fuels
to be a pollutant. It's high time it did, and I hope concerned individuals will
let the EPA know of their support for this move.

Sue Carroll Edwards, Swarthmore

Claiming Cherokee ancestry

George Parry mentioned that the Cherokees were removed from their lands in
Tennessee and Georgia just prior to the Trail of Tears. Actually, the Cherokee
Nation had ceded its Tennessee lands to the government long before 1838
("Generationally wrong, fractionally incorrect," Sunday). I think Parry meant to
say that the Cherokees were removed from Georgia and North Carolina.

Elizabeth Warren's claims to Cherokee ancestry, "my grandmother had high
cheekbones" or long, black hair, are all-too-common claims that cause eyes to
roll in the Native American community. Many peoples around the world have high
cheekbones or black hair.

In addition, the Cherokees have some of the best ancestry documentation in the
country. Anyone can "claim" Cherokee ancestry, but to garner favoritism for
employment purposes should require a person to prove tribal
enrollment/registration.

Warren's comment about the high cheekbones means she hasn't done her homework,
nor does she really know much about Cherokee history/culture. She can become a
registered member of the Cherokee Nation, assuming her ancestor wasn't a member
of the Eastern Band of Cherokees (a separate process), by providing her
documentation to the tribal headquarters in Tahlequa, Okla. As long as her
ancestor is listed on the official Dawes Roll, she's in.

Pax Riddle, Phoenixville

Borrowers in Pa. need protection

With payday lending widely available via the Internet, the Pennsylvania
Department of Banking is overmatched trying to stop lenders who locate offshore,
use the sovereignty of Native American tribes, or shift post-office business
addressees to evade prosecution. Pennsylvanians need a safer, less costly way to
address financial emergencies.

House Bill 2191, which I am sponsoring, contains a number of crucial consumer
protections that do not exist, and would require payday lenders to be licensed
and heavily regulated. The legislation limits borrowing to 25 percent of a
person's gross paycheck, eliminates rollover loans, and provides for credit
counseling and extended payment plans at no additional charge. Borrowers are
charged a one-time interest fee of 12.5 percent on the principal borrowed, and
an additional $5 fee to cover the cost of program monitoring and administration.
The loans are designed to be paid off in one pay period, and, if necessary, may
be extended for four additional pay periods at no additional costs.

Without these protections, Pennsylvanians may be subjected to an endless cycle
of fees, interest, and penalties from which the borrower may never be able to
escape.

With my legislation, borrowers will typically see their costs slashed in half,
and strict regulation will cut into the profits of abusive Internet lenders,
effectively driving them out of Pennsylvania. Of the 34 other states that
license this form of short-term lending, Pennsylvania's law would be among the
most protective.

State Rep. Chris Ross, is a Republican representing the 158th District in
Chester County

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

Pots 'refortify Tewa people's culture'

BYLINE: Uriel J. Garcia, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 644 words


Oct. 23--For some, the nine pots are works of art. But for Tewa people, the
centuries-old artifacts were utensils, a part of the everyday lives of their
ancestors.

The Poeh Cultural Center at Pojoaque Pueblo is showcasing the pots, a variety of
pieces dated between 1850 and 1900, in an exhibit that is part of a greater
effort by the pueblo to reclaim its history and culture.

The unsigned pots recently returned to New Mexico after being on display at the
Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington,
D.C. They are among more than 20,000 pieces of pottery from New Mexico pueblos
that the Smithsonian collected in the 19th century. The nine pots are the first
to arrive out of 100 that the museum has agreed to loan to Pojoaque Pueblo on a
long-term basis. More shipments of pots are expected in the coming year.

"Through no choice of our own, we've let these pots be taken out of our lands
and separated," Pojoaque Pueblo Gov. Joe Talachy told dozens of people who
gathered at the cultural center for an opening ceremony Friday to celebrate the
return of the pots.

Talachy began an effort with former Pojoaque Gov. George Rivera about four years
ago to bring back Tewa-made artifacts to the pueblo.

"It's similar to our culture," Talachy said, "in which we've been separated in
different ways. But we always come back to center, and that's what is going on
with these pots."

Bruce Bernstein, a tribal historic preservation officer for Pojoaque Pueblo,
said part of his job has been to locate Tewa-made artifacts across the country
and, if possible, bring them home.

After Bernstein learned that the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American
Indian has a collection of Tewa-made pots, the pueblo made a request to have
them returned to New Mexico. The museum, which opened on the National Mall in
2004, agreed to a long-term loan, Bernstein said.

"These pots have been in Washington, D.C., as a delegation representing Tewa
people," he said. "But now they're coming back to refortify Tewa people's
culture."

In 1867, Bernstein said, Smithsonian officials came to New Mexico to collect
tribal artifacts. At the time, he said, many people believed Native American
culture would not survive.

Between 1880 and 1900, the Smithsonian Institution continued collecting Pueblo
artifacts, taking about 20,000 pieces of pottery from New Mexico tribes in hopes
of preserving not just the pieces, but also a part of the Pueblo culture, he
said.

So, Bernstein said, for Pojoaque Pueblo and the surrounding Tewa-speaking
communities, "It's more than just pots on display. ... It's a way to reconnect
the pottery with the community's intellect and emotion."

Karl Duncan, director of the Poeh Cultural Center, said Native Americans used
the pots to carry water, store food and in some cases store clothing. Pueblo
people still use modern pots for these purposes, but many potters also make
pieces to sell to private art collectors.

The nine pots on display at the cultural center were made before there was much
of an art market for Native American pottery, Duncan said, adding that their
designs are simple compared to those on more contemporary pots.

Duncan, of the San Carlos Apache Tribe in Arizona, said the pots have no
signatures, but the pueblo is comparing them with signed pots made at the time
to try to determine who might have made them.

"This is part of reclaiming cultural identity," he said. "In some case, Native
American people find ways to retain the language, learn the dances. And with
these pots, we can tell the stories of how Native Americans lived at the time."

Contact Uriel J. Garcia at 505-986-3062 or ugarcia@sfnewmexican.com Follow him
on Twitter @ujohnnyg.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161023-SF-Pots-refortify-Tewa-people-s-culture-1023-20161023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Notice of Inventory Completion: The Wistar Institute, Philadelphia, PA, and
University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, Philadelphia,
PA

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Wistar Institute and the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology
and Anthropology have completed an inventory of human remains, in consultation
with the appropriate Indian tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations, and have
determined that there is a cultural affiliation between the human remains and
present-day Indian tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations. Lineal descendants
or representatives of any Indian tribe or Native Hawaiian organization not
identified in this notice that wish to request transfer of control of these
human remains should submit a written request to the University of Pennsylvania
Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. If no additional requestors come
forward, transfer of control of the human remains to the lineal descendants,
Indian tribes, or Native Hawaiian organizations stated in this notice may
proceed.

Table of Contents

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Consultation
    History and Description of the Remains
    Determinations Made by the Wistar Institute Through Its Agent the University
of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology
    Additional Requestors and Disposition

DATES:

Lineal descendants or representatives of any Indian tribe or Native Hawaiian
organization not identified in this notice that wish to request transfer of
control of these human remains should submit a written request with information
in support of the request to the University of Pennsylvania Museum of
Archaeology and Anthropology at the address in this notice by August 27, 2014.
ADDRESSES:

Dr. Julian Siggers, University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and
Anthropology, 3260 South Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6324, telephone (215)
898-4050.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Notice is here given in accordance with the Native American Graves Protection
and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), 25 U.S.C. 3003, of the completion of an inventory
of human remains under the control of the Wistar Institute and in the physical
custody of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and
Anthropology. The Wistar Institute retains control of the human remains but has
authorized the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology
to handle the NAGPRA process on its behalf. The human remains were removed from
Fisherman's Key in Lee County, FL.

This notice is published as part of the National Park Service's administrative
responsibilities under NAGPRA, 25 U.S.C. 3003(d)(3). The determinations in this
notice are the sole responsibility of the museum, institution, or Federal agency
that has control of the Native American human remains. The National Park Service
is not responsible for the determinations in this notice.
Consultation

A detailed assessment of the human remains was made by the University of
Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology professional staff on behalf
the Wistar Institute in consultation with representatives of Alabama-Quassarte
Tribal Town; Kialegee Tribal Town; Miccosukee Tribe of Indians; Seminole Tribe
of Florida (previously listed as the Seminole Tribe of Florida (Dania, Big
Cypress, Brighton, Hollywood & Tampa Reservations)); and The Muscogee (Creek)
Nation.

Representatives of the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas (previously listed as
the Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas); Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana; Poarch
Band of Creeks (previously listed as the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of
Alabama); The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma; and Thlopthlocco Tribal Town were
also invited to consult, but did not participate.
History and Description of the Remains

At an unknown date in 1895, human remains representing, at minimum, one
individual (41228) were removed from a surface cemetery on Fisherman's Key on
the southwest coast of Florida by Frank Hamilton Cushing. Cushing was leading an
expedition funded by the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and
Anthropology to explore Florida's prehistoric cultures. From 1901 to 1915, the
human remains were housed at the University of Pennsylvania Museum of
Archaeology and Anthropology. On January 11, 1915, the human remains were
donated to the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia (15490).The human remains were
transferred to the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and
Anthropology on a long-term loan in 1956 (L-1011-464), where they are currently
housed. No known individual was identified. No associated funerary objects are
present.

The human remains have been identified as Native American based on the specific
cultural and geographic attribution identified in museum records. Museum
documentation identifies the human remains as those of a Seminole chief. A
physical assessment indicates this individual is female whose approximate age is
between 35 to 50 years.
Determinations Made by the Wistar Institute Through Its Agent the University of
Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology

Officials of the Wistar Institute, through its agent the University of
Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, have determined that:

Pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 3001(9), the human remains described in this notice
represent the physical remains of one individual of Native American ancestry.
    Pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 3001(2), there is a relationship of shared group
identity that can be reasonably traced between the Native American human remains
and the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas (previously listed as the
Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas); Alabama-Quassarte Tribal Town; Coushatta
Tribe of Louisiana; Kialegee Tribal Town; Miccosukee Tribe of Indians; Poarch
Band of Creeks (previously listed as the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of
Alabama); Seminole Tribe of Florida (previously listed as the Seminole Tribe of
Florida (Dania, Big Cypress, Brighton, Hollywood Tampa Reservations)); The
Muscogee (Creek) Nation; The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma; and Thlopthlocco
Tribal Town.

Additional Requestors and Disposition

Lineal descendants or representatives of any Indian tribe or Native Hawaiian
organization not identified in this notice that wish to request transfer of
control of these human remains should submit a written request with information
in support of the request to Dr. Julian Siggers, Williams Director, University
of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, 3260 South Street,
Philadelphia, PA 19104-6324, telephone (215) 898-4050, by August 27, 2014. After
that date, if no additional requestors have come forward, transfer of control of
the human remains to the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas (previously listed as
the Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas); Alabama-Quassarte Tribal Town; Coushatta
Tribe of Louisiana; Kialegee Tribal Town; Miccosukee Tribe of Indians; Poarch
Band of Creeks (previously listed as the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of
Alabama); Seminole Tribe of Florida (previously listed as the Seminole Tribe of
Florida (Dania, Big Cypress, Brighton, Hollywood & Tampa Reservations)); The
Muscogee (Creek) Nation; The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma; and Thlopthlocco
Tribal Town may proceed.

The Wistar Institute, through its agent the University of Pennsylvania Museum of
Archaeology and Anthropology, is responsible for notifying the Alabama-Coushatta
Tribe of Texas (previously listed as the Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas);
Alabama-Quassarte Tribal Town; Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana; Kialegee Tribal
Town; Miccosukee Tribe of Indians; Poarch Band of Creeks (previously listed as
the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of Alabama); Seminole Tribe of Florida
(previously listed as the Seminole Tribe of Florida (Dania, Big Cypress,
Brighton, Hollywood & Tampa Reservations)); The Muscogee (Creek) Nation; The
Seminole Nation of Oklahoma; and Thlopthlocco Tribal Town that this notice has
been published.

Dated: July 2, 2014.

David Tarler,

Acting Manager, National NAGPRA Program.

For further information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 3, 2004 Saturday Michigan Edition

Area briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 386 words


CASSOPOLIS

Bake sale to benefit anti-hunger campaign

 PARADE Magazine and Share Our Strength, a leading national anti-hunger
organization, are hosting the second annual Great American Bake Sale to support
the fight to end child hunger in America.

This year, the Cass District Library will be doing its part to support the
cause.

The bake sales will take place in conjunction with the "Giggles & Laughs, Arts &
Crafts" program of the summer reading program at 10 a.m. EDT Wednesday at the
Main Library, 319 Michigan 62 in Cassopolis; at 2 p.m. Wednesday outside at the
Howard Branch, 2341 Yankee St., Niles; at 10 a.m. July 14, at the Edwardsburg
Branch, 26745 Church St.; and at 2 p. m. July 14, at the Mason/Union Branch,
17049 U.S. 12, Edwardsburg.

CASSOPOLIS

New tribal government center to be built

 A new tribal government center will be built for the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi
Indians in Cass County, thanks to a $4.467 million loan from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

The community facilities loan from Rural Development will be used for planned
administrative buildings in Pokagon Township. It will replace the temporary
facility the tribe now uses in western Cass County. The facilities will house
administrative and governmental offices that serve about 2,800 tribal members.

Community facilities loans are available to governmental, nonprofit and tribal
organizations serving communities with a population of 20,000 or less.

Terms of the loan include an annual interest rate of 4.375 percent over 40
years.

BENTON HARBOR

Habitat celebrates new homes in Benton Harbor

 Four families received the keys to their new homes on Friday thanks to the
efforts of hundreds of volunteers, sponsors and donors.

Harbor Habitat for Humanity celebrated the completion of the 2004 Blitz Build by
hosting closing ceremonies and home dedications.

The four homes were built over a six-day period, utilizing thousands of
volunteer hours.

Teams from Whirlpool Corp. and Cook Nuclear Plant constructed their
corporate-sponsored homes, while individuals and teams from local churches and
community organizations joined forces to build the ReStore and Harbor Habitat
homes.

The homes range from three to four bedrooms and are all located along Cass
Street in Benton Harbor.


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

Arkansas AG announces lawsuit against online payday lenders

BYLINE: Bryan Cohen

LENGTH: 278 words


LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (Legal News Line) - Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel
filed a consumer-protection lawsuit Tuesday against multiple entities that
allegedly colluded to offer illegal payday loans in Arkansas while claiming to
be affiliated with a Native American tribe.

McDaniel

Western Sky Financial, CashCall Inc., WS Funding, Western Sky owner Martin Webb,
and J. Paul Reddam, CashCall and WS Funding's owner, allegedly offered online
payday loans with interest rates as high as 342 percent to Arkansans, in
violation of state law.

The South Dakota-based Western Sky allegedly identifies itself as a tribal
entity protected by tribal sovereign immunity. McDaniel alleges that Western Sky
is not owned or operated by a tribe, therefore it is not protected by tribal
immunity. Arkansas consumers who are not on tribal lands use the internet to
apply for loans and sign loan documents though Western Sky.

"Though we have successfully eliminated storefront payday lending in Arkansas,
some online lenders continue to offer the kinds of loans that often push
consumers further into debt," McDaniel said. "The defendants claim to be
protected by tribal immunity, but we intend to prove they are not and we will
ask the court to prevent them from making these harmful loans in our state."

WS Funding and Western Sky allegedly work together to originate and collect on
the illegal payday loans, while CashCall and its subsidiaries allegedly run
almost every aspect of Western Sky's operations.

The lawsuit requests that the court prohibit the defendants from offering
illegal loans in Arkansas and order the payment of civil penalties, restitution,
attorney fees and costs.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Native American Day spat shows growing partisan rift in House

BYLINE: By Steve Terrell The New Mexican

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 986 words


SANTA FE >> It was the type of ceremonial event that the New Mexico Legislature
holds every other year   hosting speeches by Native American leaders and paying
homage to the state's relationships with its various sovereign tribal and pueblo
governments.

But Wednesday's session in the state Senate chambers was different. Senate
Majority Leader Michael Sanchez arranged for the event after last Friday's
American Indian Day. On that day, Gov. Susana Martinez made a speech to a joint
session of the Legislature. But, in a break with tradition, no tribal leaders
were invited to speak.

Sanchez, D-Belen, said Wednesday that he invited all members of the House to
attend Wednesday's event. But while most House Democrats showed up for the
speeches, only a handful of Republicans   Sanchez said three   came to the
Senate Chamber for the speeches.

This unusual twist in legislative decorum was the latest example of brewing
tensions between House Republicans and Democrats. With Republicans in control of
the House for the first time in 60 years, the session is increasingly turning
into one marked by party-line votes, heated rhetoric and often unveiled
animosity.

The rhetoric flew furiously last week after Martinez's American Indian Day
speech. Some House Democrats blasted Martinez and the House Republicans for what
some Indian leaders said was a slight. Rep. James Roger Madalena, D-Jemez Pueblo
the longest-serving Native American legislator   said in a news release
following her speech, "The New Mexico Legislature has always honored and treated
the Native American community with respect   today that was violated."

House Republicans dismissed the uproar as a "political stunt."

There was no such rancor on display Wednesday when four pueblo governors, the
presidents of the Navajo and Jicarilla Apache nations and the tribal chairman of
the Fort Sill Apaches spoke in the Senate. Some of the leaders thanked Sanchez
for inviting them to speak, but nobody mentioned the perceived snub in the
House. Some of the leaders expressed thanks to the Legislature as well as
Martinez for working with them on various issues.

The governors of Acoma and Laguna pueblos made pleas for the legislators to pass
proposed gambling compacts with their tribes, which are expected to get
consideration in this session. Jeff Haozous, the Fort Sill Apache chairman,
expressed frustration about language in the compacts that would exclude his
tribe from signing a gambling compact with the state, and about two bills that
would have helped solidify his tribe as a recognized tribe in New Mexico.

Tesuque Pueblo Gov. Milton Herrera asked lawmakers to vote down measures that
would establish a commission to study the transfer of federal public lands to
state, tribal or land grant control. Earlier in the day, one of those measures,
House Bill 291, got a favorable recommendation from a House committee.

Most of the Native American leaders talked about the importance of their
governments working with the state government and of the strides that have been
made in that area over the past few decades.

Some speakers stressed the need to work in a bipartisan fashion. Privately, some
Indian leaders say they are concerned about their tribes' issues getting caught
up in the kind of hyperpartisan crossfire that has characterized this
Legislature so far.

The Democrats' side of the House chamber was empty for much of Wednesday
morning. House Democrats left their chamber without any announcement to go to
the Senate to hear the speeches.

Rep. Matthew McQueen, D-Galisteo, said, "I'm a freshman, and I was surprised we
had so many Native American representatives here" for last week's American
Indian Day. He said he was gratified that Sanchez made it possible to hear the
tribal leaders speak.

Another freshman legislator, Rep. Patricio Ruiloba, D-Albuquerque, said, "In my
orientation, it was emphasized that I am a representative not just of my
district, but of the whole state. I wanted to hear what their issues were."

Though straight party-line votes certainly weren't rare in past sessions, the
new Republican dominance in the House and Democratic vows to vigorously fight at
every turn have led to strict partisan divisions on a variety of issues.

The House Regulatory and Public Affairs Committee has been the killing floor for
many Democrat bills that died on party-line votes. These include a bill to
increase the state minimum wage; one that would have capped interest rates on
loans at 36 percent; one that would require background checks on buyers at gun
shows; a bill requiring lobbyists to disclose more information; and one aimed at
giving nurses more control over staffing at hospitals. Every vote was 4-3, with
Republicans on the winning side.

Other high-profile bills that passed   or failed   on party-line votes so far
this year:

Two Republican-sponsored bills to repeal a law allowing state residents without
proof of immigration status to get driver's licenses got favorable
recommendations along party lines from the House Safety and Civil Affairs
Committee. Subsequently, one of the bills cleared the House Judiciary Committee
on a 7-6 party-line vote.

A bill for mass retention of third-graders who fail reading tests   a
centerpiece of the governor's legislative agenda   cleared the House Education
Committee on a 7-6 party-line vote and passed the full House on Wednesday
evening.

A bill that would require employers to give pregnant women up to three months of
unpaid leave before, during or after they give birth passed with the support of
the five Democrats on the House Health Committee. The three Republicans on the
committee sided with small-business owners who expressed opposition. Two GOP
members were absent.

At the outset of the session, a move by House Republicans to reorganize and
rename some of the standing committees passed by a party-line vote.

Reporter Milan Simonich contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

BANK OFFERS BOOST TO INDIAN COUNTRY

BYLINE: MATT McKINNEY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 554 words



HIGHLIGHT: New center will try to combat widespread poverty on reservations


Taking aim at the widespread poverty rates commonly found on reservations, the
Federal Reserve bank in Minneapolis has launched a new center for the
development of Indian Country.

The center will look at everything from land issues to education, personal loans
to private businesses, acting as a clearinghouse for a variety of issues and
projects. It will convene a roundtable of experts who will occasionally meet.

"This is in line with what we have been doing informally for a couple of
decades," said bank vice president Richard Todd.

The Center for Indian Country Development will be codirected by Sue Woodrow, a
bank employee who has led other Indian Country initiatives for the Minneapolis
Fed, and Patrice Kunesh, the former deputy undersecretary of rural development
at the USDA. Kunesh is of Standing Rock Lakota descent.

The center's priorities haven't been chosen yet, said Todd, and will in part
depend on direction from American Indian leaders and those already working on
the economic development of Indian Country.

The problem of land ownership is a likely candidate, since tribal land often
gets divided between heirs to the point that land parcels become so small
they're unworkable for development. It also makes it difficult for those who
want to use reservation land as mortgage collateral.

Housing and education are also likely areas of focus for the center, he said.

Indian reservations across the country have had some of the worst poverty rates
in the nation, with high unemployment and little economic opportunity. The
casino industry that blossomed over the past two decades has helped only some of
the bands, particularly those near larger cities or vacation destinations.

The center will carry on the work that the Minneapolis Fed has done in the past,
said Todd. Some of those projects included assistance with the development of
the Model Tribal Secured Transaction Act, a law that knocked down barriers
American Indians faced when applying for loans from agencies outside the
reservation.

The Fed over the years has also examined food deserts, access to banks, tax
credits, tribal colleges and tribal land buyback programs, among other things.

The center's mission statement will be left intentionally broad, Federal Reserve
Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota said in a statement. The
center will also partner with tribal organizations and others working on
relevant projects.

The Minneapolis Fed covers an area from Montana and the Dakotas to Minnesota,
northwestern Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The region includes
45 Indian reservations.

The leadership council for the Center for Indian Country Development includes
Dante Desiderio of the Native American Finance Officers Association; Miriam
Jorgensen of the Native Nations Institute; Jacqueline Johnson Pata of the
National Congress of American Indians; Jaime Pinkham of the Bush Foundation;
Cris Stainbrook of the Indian Land Tenure Foundation; Sarah Dewees of the First
Nations Development Institute; Elsie Meeks, the state director of the USDA Rural
Development program in South Dakota; John Phillips of the American Indian Higher
Education Consortium, Gerald Sherman of Bar K Management and attorney and former
North Dakota agriculture commissioner Sarah Vogel.

Matt McKinney · 612-673-7329

Twitter: @_mattmckinney

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

William and Mary Digest Oct. 5

BYLINE: Wesley Wright, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 965 words


Oct. 05--William and Mary junior selected for DC conference

Mackenzie Neal is a junior government major at William and Mary and a member
that Quapaw Native American tribe. She spent part of last week in the nation's
capital for the the eighth annual White House Tribal Nations Conference.

"Native American youth in the United States face more challenges than any other
group," Neal said, citing statistics on poverty rates, high school graduation
rates, suicide and attempted suicide rates, obesity rates and more among Native
American youth. "The White House realizes there are so many unique challenges
they need to address, and that youth are the best people to talk about their
problems."

During her freshman year, Neal expressed interest in revitalizing the American
Indian Student Association at her school. In the same way that she is working to
connect those ties, she has watched the president closely as his actions relate
to tribes around the country.

"The Obama administration has been pushing for a more nation-to-nation
relationship," Neal said. "That's actually where this Tribal Nations Conference
comes from, trying to enhance the dialogue between tribes and the federal
government."

VIMS gets grant to battle coastal flooding long-term

A team of researchers at William and Mary's Virginia Institute of Marine Science
will spend four years studying how human decisions affect the immediate
environment and ecosystem. Researchers from Old Dominion and the University of
Georgia will also participate.

"We're talking about managing a resource that we know is under significant
pressure and probably destined to decline dramatically in the next century,"
said Donna Marie Bilkovic, and co-leader of the project. "The question is can we
in the interim do things in our management programs that will sustain at the
highest possible level the ecosystem services that coastal resources provide."

Part of the research is field studies, which will give a look into how living
shorelines and marshes affect the survival of the marine species that live in
and around them.

Another portion of the research is around computer modeling, which will see how
shorelines respond to rising waters, giving researchers better ideas about how
humans should respond.

The benefits of effective management extend far beyond the shoreline.

"Good management decisions can allow shoreline marshes to continue to provide
ecosystem services such as supporting fisheries, improving water quality, and
reducing coastal erosion," said Carl Hershner, who also works at the institute.
"That in turn affects the entire bay, with benefits for both marine life and
coastal and inland residents."

William & Mary kicks off fundraising campaign

Well on its way to raising $1 billion, William and Mary wants to secure so much
money that students from any tax bracket and any background can attend the
school with aggressive financial aid packages.

"Student loan debt has been in the spotlight and William & Mary has a bold plan
to do something about it. The university's ambitious campaign will provide
financial relief to admitted students -- and their families -- and empower those
students to lead without burden," said Sue Hanna Gerdelman '76, campaign chair.
"Our plan is to help thousands of gifted students across the U.S. afford the
opportunity to access a high-caliber education at William & Mary through an
extraordinary increase in scholarships aid."

The college wants to raise $100 million from alumni in the New York City area.
On Friday, advancement staff kicked off an aggressive campaign to solicit more
money from that region.

William and Mary estimates that 13,000 alumni, parents, and friends of the
university live in the New York City metro area, and may of those people got to
see the Empire State Building lit in green and gold Thursday evening.

People living the NYC metro area have already donated around $52 million, and
the school has collected $620 million, about a third of which will go directly
toward scholarships.

"In my view, there is no better investment than in a 324-year-old higher
education institution such as William & Mary," said Devin Murphy, one of the
fundraising leaders in the area. "The unique brand of education and long legacy
of achievement is what sets William & Mary apart from other universities in the
U.S. I am thankful for the world-class education I received at the university."

Current student, former student create social app

Sravan Yeluru and former finance major Ryan Metzger wants to make sure students
North Carolina and Virginia have a chance to start meeting their peers as soon
as they touch campus.

Yeluru, a junior, is familiar with the plight that many William and Mary
freshmen have run into in their first semester: every exeperience is very new.

"They don't have a social network and they have to build it," said the
neuroscience and business analytics major. "They aren't sure if they should
build it academically, they aren't sure if they should build it through parties
or fraternities, or through student-run organizations."

CoffeeCram is designed to bring students with similar interests together,
including ones taking the same classes.

The app could bring in money as it grows. Metzger know he and his friend could
have a good idea in their grasp, partly because the two know how to execute.

"We're really good at executing [ideas]," Metzger said. "The big difference is
that some people have really good ideas -- like billion-, trillion-dollar ideas,
but they don't do anything about them. They think they are unattainable. Sravan
and I are really good at actually making ideas real and tangible."

___ (c)2016 The Virginia Gazette (Williamsburg, Va.) Visit The Virginia Gazette
(Williamsburg, Va.) at www.vagazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161005-1VG-William-and-Mary-Digest-Oct-5-1005-20161005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2016 The Virginia Gazette


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

William and Mary Digest Oct. 5

BYLINE: Wesley Wright, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 965 words


Oct. 05--William and Mary junior selected for DC conference

Mackenzie Neal is a junior government major at William and Mary and a member
that Quapaw Native American tribe. She spent part of last week in the nation's
capital for the the eighth annual White House Tribal Nations Conference.

"Native American youth in the United States face more challenges than any other
group," Neal said, citing statistics on poverty rates, high school graduation
rates, suicide and attempted suicide rates, obesity rates and more among Native
American youth. "The White House realizes there are so many unique challenges
they need to address, and that youth are the best people to talk about their
problems."

During her freshman year, Neal expressed interest in revitalizing the American
Indian Student Association at her school. In the same way that she is working to
connect those ties, she has watched the president closely as his actions relate
to tribes around the country.

"The Obama administration has been pushing for a more nation-to-nation
relationship," Neal said. "That's actually where this Tribal Nations Conference
comes from, trying to enhance the dialogue between tribes and the federal
government."

VIMS gets grant to battle coastal flooding long-term

A team of researchers at William and Mary's Virginia Institute of Marine Science
will spend four years studying how human decisions affect the immediate
environment and ecosystem. Researchers from Old Dominion and the University of
Georgia will also participate.

"We're talking about managing a resource that we know is under significant
pressure and probably destined to decline dramatically in the next century,"
said Donna Marie Bilkovic, and co-leader of the project. "The question is can we
in the interim do things in our management programs that will sustain at the
highest possible level the ecosystem services that coastal resources provide."

Part of the research is field studies, which will give a look into how living
shorelines and marshes affect the survival of the marine species that live in
and around them.

Another portion of the research is around computer modeling, which will see how
shorelines respond to rising waters, giving researchers better ideas about how
humans should respond.

The benefits of effective management extend far beyond the shoreline.

"Good management decisions can allow shoreline marshes to continue to provide
ecosystem services such as supporting fisheries, improving water quality, and
reducing coastal erosion," said Carl Hershner, who also works at the institute.
"That in turn affects the entire bay, with benefits for both marine life and
coastal and inland residents."

William & Mary kicks off fundraising campaign

Well on its way to raising $1 billion, William and Mary wants to secure so much
money that students from any tax bracket and any background can attend the
school with aggressive financial aid packages.

"Student loan debt has been in the spotlight and William & Mary has a bold plan
to do something about it. The university's ambitious campaign will provide
financial relief to admitted students -- and their families -- and empower those
students to lead without burden," said Sue Hanna Gerdelman '76, campaign chair.
"Our plan is to help thousands of gifted students across the U.S. afford the
opportunity to access a high-caliber education at William & Mary through an
extraordinary increase in scholarships aid."

The college wants to raise $100 million from alumni in the New York City area.
On Friday, advancement staff kicked off an aggressive campaign to solicit more
money from that region.

William and Mary estimates that 13,000 alumni, parents, and friends of the
university live in the New York City metro area, and may of those people got to
see the Empire State Building lit in green and gold Thursday evening.

People living the NYC metro area have already donated around $52 million, and
the school has collected $620 million, about a third of which will go directly
toward scholarships.

"In my view, there is no better investment than in a 324-year-old higher
education institution such as William & Mary," said Devin Murphy, one of the
fundraising leaders in the area. "The unique brand of education and long legacy
of achievement is what sets William & Mary apart from other universities in the
U.S. I am thankful for the world-class education I received at the university."

Current student, former student create social app

Sravan Yeluru and former finance major Ryan Metzger wants to make sure students
North Carolina and Virginia have a chance to start meeting their peers as soon
as they touch campus.

Yeluru, a junior, is familiar with the plight that many William and Mary
freshmen have run into in their first semester: every exeperience is very new.

"They don't have a social network and they have to build it," said the
neuroscience and business analytics major. "They aren't sure if they should
build it academically, they aren't sure if they should build it through parties
or fraternities, or through student-run organizations."

CoffeeCram is designed to bring students with similar interests together,
including ones taking the same classes.

The app could bring in money as it grows. Metzger know he and his friend could
have a good idea in their grasp, partly because the two know how to execute.

"We're really good at executing [ideas]," Metzger said. "The big difference is
that some people have really good ideas -- like billion-, trillion-dollar ideas,
but they don't do anything about them. They think they are unattainable. Sravan
and I are really good at actually making ideas real and tangible."

___ (c)2016 The Virginia Gazette (Williamsburg, Va.) Visit The Virginia Gazette
(Williamsburg, Va.) at www.vagazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161005-1VG-William-and-Mary-Digest-Oct-5-1005-20161005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2016 The Virginia Gazette


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

Two Oklahoma tribes' payday loan operations cited in FTC complaint

BYLINE: Wally Kennedy, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 779 words


June 07--A federal court in the state of Nevada has been fully briefed on a
Federal Trade Commission complaint that alleges two American Indian tribes in
Oklahoma are operating payday loan companies that mask hidden fees, violate
lending practices and falsely threaten customers with arrest or imprisonment for
failing to pay their bills.

The lawsuit, filed in April in U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada,
names several defendants, including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma's AMG Services
and Tribal Financial Services, and the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma's Red Cedar
Services.

Messages seeking comment from the Miami Tribe were not returned on Thursday. A
spokeswoman for the Modoc Tribe said it had "no comment."

The FTC is alleging that the lending operations have claimed in state legal
proceedings that they are affiliated with Native American tribes and are
therefore immune from legal action. The FTC, in its lawsuit, states that the
defendants' claims of tribal affiliation do not exempt them from complying with
federal law.

The FTC has asked the federal court for a preliminary injunction to stop the
defendants' "deceptive lending and collection" tactics while the agency pursues
its case against the defendants in an effort to pay back borrowers who it says
were cheated. The court has not yet decided whether to grant an injunction, a
spokesman for the FTC's consumer protection division said Thursday.

The FTC's complaint alleges that the defendants' misrepresentations and false
threats violated the Federal Trade Commission Act. The complaint also alleges
that the defendants violated the Truth in Lending Act by failing to accurately
disclose the annual percentage rate and other loan terms, and that they violated
the Electronic Fund Transfer Act by illegally requiring consumers to
pre-authorize electronic fund transfers from their accounts.

The FTC says that on a typical $300 loan, borrowers were told they would have to
pay only $90 in interest. The FTC alleges that the lender would automatically
"renew" the loan every two weeks, so that the borrower would have to pay $975 on
the loan.

The FTC complaint alleges that a web of defendants, including AMG Services Inc.,
three other Internet-based lending companies, seven related companies and six
individuals, violated federal law by deceiving consumers when providing and
collecting on payday loans.

One of the defendants who allegedly controlled the lending companies is American
Le Mans Series auto racer Scott Tucker, who lives in Leawood, Kan. According to
documents filed with the court, Tucker and his co-defendant and brother, Blaine
Tucker, allegedly transferred more than $40 million collected from consumers by
the lending companies to another company Scott Tucker controls, Level 5 Motor
Sports, for "sponsorship" fees that benefit his automobile racing.

Tucker became wealthy from the payday-lending business he started. When state
investigators probed the company's practices, Tucker came up with a plan to sell
the business to the Indian tribes while continuing to run the company and to
collect most of its profits, according to court records.

In response to the allegations, an attorney for Level 5 Motorsports and Scott
Tucker issued this statement: "We are disappointed that the FTC has taken the
action of filing a lawsuit, but we will defend the allegations through the legal
process and begin the kind of dialogue appropriate for such a regulatory filing.

"An FTC filing is not a finding or ruling that anyone has actually violated a
statute or regulation. It is simply a lawsuit based on untested allegations. The
FTC has sued the likes of Microsoft, Google, Apple, Citigroup, Coca-Cola and
Facebook, and the reality is most actions resolve in settlements based on an
agreed understanding of the facts. We will proceed accordingly and in good faith
to address the recent filing."

According to an FTC release, the agency files complaints when it has "reason to
believe" that a law has been violated and when it appears to the commission that
a proceeding is in the public interest. The commission vote authorizing its
staff to file the complaint was 4-0.

The defendants' tactics have generated more than 7,500 complaints to law
enforcement agencies over the past five years, the FTC said.

FTC

THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION works for consumers to prevent fraudulent,
deceptive and unfair business practices, and provides information to help spot,
stop and avoid such practices. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, people
may call 877-382-4357.

___ (c)2012 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120607-JL-Two-Oklahoma-tribes-payday-loan
-operations-cited-in-FTC-complaint-0607-20120607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2012 The Joplin Globe


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

OU, library team to celebrate Indian culture

SECTION: NORMAN/METRO VI; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 592 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN -- The Norman Public Library and the Native American studies program in
the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Oklahoma will present a
two-day celebration of Native American culture.

Beginning at 9 a.m. Nov. 12, OU will present its third annual Native Fest in the
South Oval near Bizzell Memorial Library.

Activities will include an American Indian blues band, arts and crafts exhibits,
cultural demonstrations and a drum performance by the OU Society of Native
Gentlemen.

The OU Native Fest, preceding the OU/Texas A&M football game, is free and open
to the public.

On Nov. 13, the festivities will move to the Norman Public Library, 225 N
Webster.

This is the first year the library is participating in the annual festival.

The Norman Native American Cultural Festival is the latest in the series of
cultural festivals that the library has throughout the year. Among them are the
Norman Hispanic Heritage Festival and Black History Month activities.

The library's festival activities will begin at 1 p.m. with a tipi-raising on
the library grounds.

At 2 p.m. a ceremony honoring Norman's American Indian educators will be in the
Lowry Room of the library. The children's choirs of the First American United
Methodist Church of Norman will participate in the ceremony.

At 3 p.m., noted author and storyteller Tim Tingle will share stories and
excerpts from his book, "Walking the Choctaw Road."

Tingle has been touring the state as part of the Oklahoma Reads Oklahoma program
because his book, "Walking the Choctaw Road," was selected to be read and
discussed by all Oklahomans during 2005. Tingle's public performances include
American Indian tales with accompanying drums, flute and songs performed in
Indian languages.

At 4 p.m. author/illustrator team Murv Jacob and Debbie Duvall will discuss
their work.

The husband-and-wife team collaborate to produce illustrated versions of
American Indian folk tales, especially those of the Cherokee tradition. The
couple's books are featured in bookstores and museum galleries across the
nation.

For children, the library will offer storytelling by Kricket Rhoads and a
shield-making workshop with Russ Tall Chief, director of the Jacobson House
Native Art Center in Norman.The Oklahoma Fancy Dancers will perform at 5 p.m.,
just before the tipi take down ceremony.

Throughout the afternoon, library staff will be available in the Computer
Training Center to assist visitors with accessing information about tribal
histories and American Indian ancestry on the Internet.

The library also will display Oklahoma tribal flags provided by the Oklahoma
Indian Affairs Commission, an exhibit of historical photographs of Oklahoma
Indian Schools from the Oklahoma Historical Society and a photo exhibit of
tribal dancers by Norman photographer Blas Flores.

Also on display will be an exhibit of American Indian artworks on loan from the
Tribes Gallery of Norman, and displays of Indian artifacts and crafts from the
private collections of Molly Levite Griffis, Blas Flores and Louise Whitaker.

For sale during the event will be books, art and craft items in a Native
American Marketplace in the main library. Indian tacos and soft drinks will be
available in Rooms A and B.

The library's Native American Cultural Festival is made possible with the
support of the Pioneer Library System, Norman Arts Council, Norman Public
Schools' Office of Indian Education, the OU Center for Student Life, Jacobson
House Native Art Center and members of the Norman community.

For more information, call 701-2600.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 16, 1996

184 Program Will Finance 200 Loans During its First Two Years

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: Scottsdale, AZ


The Department of Housing and Urban Development's Indian mortgage guarantee
program likely will close its 200th loan by the first of the year, a Native
American Homeownership summit meeting here heard.

The HUD 184 program in its two years of existence has committed more than $ 50
million in funds and has closed 150 loans so far, according to Francis Gros
Louis, who was director of the program until just recently.

The program has been especially successful in Alaska, where 52 HUD 184s have
closed.

In fiscal 1995, HUD used all of its initial $ 22.5 million commitment for the
program.  Last year, it used all but $ 1 million of an increased $ 36.9 million
in funds.  HUD has received more than 1,000 applications for the program.

Mr. Gros-Louis said that prior to the HUD 184, only 20 mortgages had ever been
made on reservation trust land.

For fiscal 1997, Mr. Gros Louis, a Huron, said $ 66 million has been requested,
but he estimated funding would be approved at about last year's level.

Karen Garner-Wing, the current director, estimated average loan size at about $
70-75,000.

Ms. Garner-Wing briefed the summit on upcoming changes in the program, which has
been the most successful in bringing private mortgage lenders into Indian
Country.

She said that HUD will make the 184 a direct guarantee program, like the Federal
Housing Administration direct endorsement program.  That means individual
lenders will process and underwrite the loans, and then submit them to HUD for
the guarantee after the loan has been closed.

And Ms. Garner-Wing said that the Government National Mortgage Association has
just received authority to start pooling the loans into Ginnie Mae securities.

In addition, tribes themselves now will be eligible to apply as homebuyers.

Currently, only individual tribal members and Indian Housing Authorities have
been eligible for the loans.

This fiscal year, for the first time, HUD will be able to carry over to the next
year any of its 184 funds that haven't been committed at the end of the fiscal
year.  The 184 has been successful because it funds construction loans as well
as permanent mortgages, and in many Native areas there is no existing housing
stock, so the home has to be built first.

It also has been successful because it is not limited to low-mod lending.  In
addition, it has a higher loan limit, set at 1.5 times the FHA limit.

Eligible properties include tribal trust land, trust land allotted to individual
tribal members, and "fee simple" land (private property) in Indian areas.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have created a secondary market for the instrument by
agreeing to buy HUD 184s.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Karen Garner-Wing

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

Keepseagle website launches

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Jan. 05--WASHINGTON - The legal team behind the successful settlement of the
Keepseagle lawsuit has created a website to help Indian farmers determine what
they may be eligible for under the deal.

The straightforward site is located at https://www.indian

farmclass.com. It is part of a variety of outreach methods the Indian plaintiffs
in the case are using to connect with members of the class who could receive
settlement money involving a discrimination lawsuit against the federal
government. Other avenues include newspaper and online advertising.

The site includes answers to frequently asked questions, important documents and
dates, and further information.

A toll free line for questions has also been set up at (888) 233-5506.

"You may be eligible for a payment of up to $50,000 or more and forgiveness of
some or all outstanding USDA loans if you qualify as a class member," according
to the site's main page.

The site notes that a $760 million settlement was reached with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture in October in the Keepseagle v. Vilsack class action
lawsuit. The lawsuit claimed the USDA discriminated against Native Americans by
denying them equal access to credit in the USDA Farm Loan Program.

According to the suit, USDA denied thousands of Native American farmers and
ranchers the same opportunities to get farm loans or loan servicing that were
given to white farmers and ranchers. Plaintiffs also claimed that the USDA did
not do outreach to Native American farmers and ranchers or provide them with the
technical assistance they needed to prepare applications for loans and loan
servicing.

The site says the class includes all Native American farmers and ranchers who:

--Farmed or ranched or attempted to farm or ranch between Jan. 1, 1981 and Nov.
24, 1999;

--Sought, or attempted to seek, a farm loan from the USDA during that period;

--Complained about discrimination to the USDA orally or in writing on their own
or through a representative, such as a tribal government, during the same time
period.

Excluded are claims of class members who either:

--Experienced discrimination only between Jan. 1 and Nov. 23, 1997;

--Complained of discrimination only between July 1 and Nov. 23, 1997.

"The court in charge of this case still has to decide whether to approve the
settlement. Payments will be made if the court approves the settlement and after
any appeals are resolved, and the claims process is completed," the site
explains. "Please be patient. ..."

The site also lists a full explanation and notice of the settlement at
https://www.indian

farmclass.com/Documents/DetailedNotice.pdf.

It urges interested parties to register their name and address if they want to
receive a claims package in the mail. Such packages will be available if and
when the court grants final approval.

U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan has already granted preliminary approval,
and, in late-April 2011, he is scheduled to decide whether to grant final
approval. If no one appeals the final approval of the settlement, the claims
process would begin in July 2011 and last until the end of the year.

The website is expected to be updated as more information becomes available.
Plaintiffs have urged interested parties to keep checking back for more details.

To see more of the Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110105-IC-Keepseagle-website-launches-20110105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2011 Indian Country Today


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Supreme Ct. dismisses complaint against Meskwaki attorney

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


Nov. 30--TAMA, Iowa -- The Iowa Supreme Court has dismissed a complaint against
a Minnesota attorney who represented Meskwaki tribe in Tama in connection with a
software project designed to verify Native American ancestry.

Court records said Jeffrey Rasmussen, a Minnesota attorney, grabbed a computer
server from a DNA software company as part of a repossession after the tribe's
relationship with the business soured in 2006.

The Iowa attorney grievance commission had recommended Rasmussen cease and
desist practicing law in Iowa for 60 days, claiming he carried out the
repossession under false pretenses and waited until after had the computer to
serve tribal court papers for the seizure.

In a ruling handed down Friday, the Iowa Supreme Court expressed reservations
over what it called Rasmussen's "self-help repossession" on behalf of the tribe.
But it ruled he  didn't violate any disciplinary rule.

It denied sanctions and threw out the complaint.

Last year, the high court also dismissed complaints about another Minnesota
attorney, Steven  Olson, over the same incident.

According to court records, Meskwaki tribe, also known as  the Sac and Fox tribe
in Iowa, loaned a company called DNA Today $1 million to develop software that
would determine if a person was a bona fide member of an Indian tribe.

The loan was secured by company assets, including computer software.

When DNA Today ran in to financial problems and began seeing funding elsewhere,
the tribe filed for a breach of the loan agreement in tribal court in August
2006 and obtained a repossession order.

Three days later, the attorneys and tribe officials met for what DNA Today
employees thought was going to be a software demonstration in connection with
the company's request for more tribal financing.

But attorneys for the tribe planned to repossess the source code, and Rasmussen
picked up the computer and left the building during the meeting. Minutes later,
a man identifying himself as member of the tribal police handed DNA Today
workers court papers explaining the repossession.

___ (c)2012 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121130-OO-Supreme-Ct-dismisses-complaint-against-Meskwaki-attorney-1130-201211
30

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2012 Waterloo Courier


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

County to ponder tribe's request

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 834 words


April 22--LUMBERTON -- The Robeson County Board of Commissioners on Monday
agreed to consider a request from the Lumbee Tribe for a $100,000 donation to
help pay for rehabilitation of the N.C. Indian Cultural Center, although one
commissioner said he was asked by a tribal member not to support the request.

"I think it's a good thing you all are doing, but I got a call today from one of
your board members and they asked that we not honor this request," Commissioner
Hubert Sealey told Tribal Chairman Paul Brooks. "I was asked not to vote in
favor of it at all... . The reason ... was they said you all had more than
enough funds to do whatever you needed to do over there."

Sealey did not identify the Tribal Council member.

Brooks told commissioners that no money is available in the tribal budget. He
said a loan was used to purchase the property and that he estimates the total
cost of rehabilitating the property will be about $4 million.

"We have no funds to do what I'm talking about tonight," Brooks told the
commissioners. "All the funds we have are marked for what they are allowed to be
used for. You can't just take Native American Housing Assistance and Self
Determination Act funds and go out there."

The Lumbee Tribe purchased the property, about 400 acres, from the state late
last month for $351,000. The property, which once served as a thriving
recreation area, is between Pembroke and Maxton.

The property was offered to the tribe after the state terminated a 99-year,
$1-per-year private lease for the 400-plus acres and the adjoining Riverside
Golf Course.

The commissioners made few comments on the request, but Commissioner Raymond
Cummings said the board should consider providing funding for the project in its
fiscal 2014-15 budget.

Brooks reminded the commissioners of when the Indian Cultural Center property
thrived as a major recreation area for the Lumbee people. The property, he said,
includes a 100-acre lake, amphitheater, 18-hole golf course and a swimming pool.

Brooks said after improvements are made to the property, it could once again be
used for church outings, concerts, family reunions and fundraisers.

"I want to see that property become better than it was," Brooks said.

Brooks said that the tribe already has $100,000 for a walking trail, and about
$3 million in possible grants have been identified. He said he would like to see
the project finished within two or three years.

Brooks said that the center, once rehabilitated, would benefit all people in
Robeson County.

"When we talk about moving forward in relation to things that need to be done
... we all have to move together," Brooks said. "... I look at it from the
standpoint as we help you, you help us and we help each other."

Cynthia Hunt, the tribe's clerk, briefly updated the commissioners on the
history of the property, which was included in about 6,000 acres purchased by
the federal government in 1936. The property was known as Pembroke Farms, and
served as a farming co-op for poor families of all ethnic backgrounds.

Hunt said that in 1945 the federal government sold the land to the families that
lived on the property, forming the Red Banks Mutual Association, a Lumbee
farmers co-op. In 1969, she said, Lumbee leaders purchased the property and
established the recreation center.

In other business, the commissioners voted unanimously to increase the health
insurance deductible for county employees from $2,500 to $3,000 for the fiscal
year that begins July 1. The increased deductible is being called for so that
employees don't have to be charged a $50-a-month premium for health insurance,
according to Commissioner Roger Oxendine, chairman of the county's Personnel
Committee.

Oxendine said the county will have to pay about $700,000 next year to cover the
cost of health insurance for its employees.

"I don't know if we can take another hit like this after this year," Oxendine
said. "We considered several options, and this is the best one we could come up
with."

Oxendine said that the representative of the county's insurance carrier, Mark 3,
has been looking for ways of reducing the county's cost for its medical plan.

"He told us that several counties are dropping their medical coverage because of
the increase in cost," Oxendine said. "He told us that we are being sweet to our
employees."

Oxendine said that the county's Wellness Program has been the "saving grace" for
the county. The county has successfully kept medical costs down by establishing
its own health clinic and pharmacy, he said.

At Monday's meeting, the commissioners also heard a brief presentation from
Landa Gaddy concerning Michelle Obama's"Let's Move" initiative, an effort to
improve the health and lives of young people.

Gaddy said that there will be an event showcasing the talents of Robeson
County's young people on June 14 from 1 to 4 p.m. at Robeson Community College.

___ (c)2014 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140422-QK-County-to-ponder-tribe-s-request-0422-20140422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2014 The Robesonian


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

American Indians in legal fight to lend;
Window on Wall Street

BYLINE: PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1275 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

New York State's top financial regulator is seeking to stamp out Internet
businesses that offer short-term loans at exorbitant interest rates. But two
tribes are arguing that their sovereign status protects them.

FULL TEXT

Since becoming New York State's top financial regulator in 2011, Benjamin M.
Lawsky has aggressively pursued wrongdoing far beyond the state's borders,
investigating financial consultants in Washington, insurance industry practices
nationwide and money laundering overseas.

On Wednesday afternoon, two American Indian tribes, their businesses under
attack by Mr. Lawsky, argued in Federal District Court here that the regulator
had overstepped his jurisdictional bounds.

The tribes, each halfway across the country, are in Mr. Lawsky's cross hairs
over online lending operations run from their reservations. Last month, the New
York State Department of Financial Services unveiled an aggressive campaign
against the payday lending industry, seeking to stamp out Internet businesses
that offer small, short-term loans at exorbitant interest rates.

But the Indians fought back. They sued Mr. Lawsky, arguing that their sovereign
status protected them from regulation by New York. The two plaintiffs in the
case are the Otoe Missouria Tribe, in Red Rock, Oklahoma, and the Lac Vieux
Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, in Watersmeet, Michigan. The Otoe
Missouria tribe operates American Web Loan and Great Plains Lending, and the Lac
Vieux Indians run CastlePayday.com.

''New York alone is saying, 'We're the ones who get to control everything,'''
David Bernick, the lawyer representing the tribes, said before a courtroom
packed with Indian leaders.

''My clients' businesses are being destroyed because New York has decided that
tribal sovereignty doesn't matter to them,'' Mr. Bernick said. ''This is an
exercise in arrogance, and people are suffering as a result.''

Mr. Lawsky did not attend the hearing Wednesday before Judge Richard J.
Sullivan. But in court papers, he has said that despite the tribes' claims of
sovereignty, he has the power to protect vulnerable New York consumers from
Indian-run businesses that reach beyond reservation borders. He has argued that
insulating tribal businesses from regulation would hamstring New York's ability
to enforce its laws against predatory lending.

''State laws like New York's usury statutes may validly be applied to economic
transactions between Native Americans and New York consumers when those
transactions have significant and injurious off-reservation effects - as is the
case here, given the crippling debt that payday loans cause to New Yorkers,''
lawyers for Mr. Lawsky wrote in a court filing.

As part of an effort by regulators across the country to eradicate illegal
payday loans, Mr. Lawsky sent letters last month to 35 online lenders - 11 of
which asserted ties to Indian tribes - asking them to ''cease and desist'' from
offering loans with interest rates that in some cases exceed 500 percent
annually. He also sent letters to more than 100 banks, notifying them of his
investigation and asking for their cooperation.

With the states cracking down on payday lenders, Indian tribes have sought to
fill the void by entering the business over the past several years. They say
these e-commerce ventures have become vital sources of revenue, especially for
those tribes whose remote locations inhibit their ability to operate successful
casinos. Revenue from lending accounts for about half of the Otoe-Missouria
Tribe's nonfederal budget, according to a court filing.

''Every Indian tribe worth its salt has to provide health care, public safety,
education and a panoply of essential services to its members,'' said Matthew L.
M. Fletcher, a law professor at Michigan State University and an authority on
Indian law. ''These tribes must reach off the reservation to conduct business
because there is a desperate need for revenue.''

But New York regulators say that business violates state law. After Mr. Lawsky
sent his ''cease and desist'' letters, New York State's attorney general, Eric
T. Schneiderman, filed a lawsuit against Western Sky Financial, an online
lending business operated by the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe. Last week, Western
Sky, based in Timber Lake, South Dakota, suspended its operations and laid off
nearly 100 employees.

An affiliated business, Cash Call, remains in operation. Western Sky has also
accused New York State of overreaching.

A lawyer representing Western Sky, Katya Jestin of Jenner & Block, said that her
client would move to dismiss the lawsuit next week on  grounds similar to those
cited by the tribes that had already brought action against Mr. Lawsky.

''Consumers voluntarily entered into the loans and agreed when they signed the
loan agreements to be bound by the laws and the courts of the Cheyenne River
tribe,'' Ms. Jestin said. ''New York's lawsuit is an attempt to sidestep these
agreements.''

The concept of tribal sovereignty predates the formation of the United States
and is preserved in treaties between the federal government and Indian tribes.
While Congress can regulate the affairs of tribes and limit their sovereignty,
states lack that power.

Lawyers for the tribes argue that Congress, when it passed the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street regulatory law in 2010, could have chosen to exercise authority over
tribal nations' lending businesses. Instead, Dodd-Frank placed states and tribes
on equal footing under federal consumer-finance regulations. The law, said the
tribes' lawyers in a court filing, ''explicitly refused to subjugate tribal
lenders to the jurisdiction of the states.''

The tribes liken online lending businesses to their gambling operations. They
argue that New York State should not be able to stop its residents from
voluntarily reaching out for high-interest-rate loans, just as a state's
anti-gambling laws cannot forbid tribal casinos to serve New York residents who
travel to them. And each tribe says that it has created its own regulatory
authority.

Loan industry specialists noted that if the tribes were barred from doing
business in New York, they could still issue high-interest-rate loans to
consumers elsewhere. Payday loans - named because they are often secured by the
borrower's next paycheck - are illegal in just 15 states. The tribal businesses
could also issue loans in New York State at no more than the state's maximum
interest rate of 16 percent.

Regulators across the country are also concerned about the so-called
rent-a-tribe issue. In those cases, rogue payday lenders have associated with
American Indians, using tribal sovereignty as a shield to make predatory loans
beyond the reach of state usury laws.

Investigators are also examining the role of the banks in providing the capital
for the tribes to conduct their lending businesses.

Mr. Lawsky's office appears interested in these issues. On Wednesday, Garrett
Coyle, a lawyer in the New York attorney general's office, told the judge that
New York would like to examine the sources of the tribes' financing and whether
these lending businesses ''are bona fide arms of their respective tribes.''

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 28, 2008, Sunday

W.Va. attorney general reaches settlement with payday lenders

BYLINE: Paul J. Nyden, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2B

LENGTH: 469 words


Attorney General Darrell V. McGraw recently reached settlement agreements with
dozens of "payday lenders," requiring them to refund more than $1.57 million to
6,096 West Virginians.

That includes $804,167 in cash refunds and $768,619 in cancelled debts from
payday lenders and collection agencies hired to collect delinquent loans.

Payday lenders often operate over the Internet, sending quick loans to working
people for immediate cash. But those lenders charge borrowers enormous interest
rates.

Assistant Attorney General Norman A. Googel, who works in the Consumer
Protection Division, said payday lenders require borrowers to have jobs and
checking accounts.

Typically, a payday lender might provide a $300 loan, then charge $90 in
interest every two weeks until the loan is paid off. Lenders often withdraw
payments directly from borrowers' checking accounts.

A regular bank, Googel pointed out, does not typically make a $300 loan to
someone who needs quick cash.

"We began investigating this in 2005," Googel said. "Some states passed laws
legitimizing them or regulating them. But payday loans have never been legal in
West Virginia.

"We have usury laws against companies that end up charging customers 600 percent
of 800 percent in annual interest," he said.

Payday lenders in West Virginia typically set up partnerships with Internet and
out-of-state banks, like First American Cash Advance, and then claim they are
not regulated by West Virginia law.

"It is a widespread loophole claimed by companies that make loans over the
Internet. The Internet companies generally don't comply with the laws of any
state," Googel said.

Payday lenders often have catchy names like: "Cash in a Wink," "Quick Draw Cash"
and "Paycheck Today."

Three Native American tribal corporations were among the companies that recently
settled with the Consumer Protection Division.

"They asserted tribal sovereign immunity prior to settling with us," Googel
said.

Those companies agreeing to settlements included: Miami Nation Enterprises and
SFS Inc., both affiliated with the Santee Sioux Nation of Nebraska, and MTE
Financial Services, affiliated with the Modoc Tribe of Oklahoma.

"We are asserting our authority, Googel said. "We believe these loans are
entered into in West Virginia, since many people make them on their computers
while they sit in their living rooms or bedrooms."

"This is a debt trap. We have worked with consumers who got trapped into five or
six different payday loans. They get wiped out financially.

"Just this past week, I talked to a lot of people in other states who asked for
our help to stop payday lending in their states," Googel said.

The Consumer Protection Division can be reached by calling 800-368-8808.
Complain forms are available at: www.wvago.gov.

Reach Paul J. Nyden at pjnyden@wvgazette.com or 348-5164.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Tribe agrees to pay $48M in payday lending case

BYLINE: By Brianna Bailey Business Writer bbailey@oklahoman.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 841 words


Two companies controlled by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma have agreed to pay $48
million to avoid&nbsp;federal&nbsp;prosecution for their involvement in a
lending scheme that&nbsp;charged borrowers interest rates as high as 700
percent.&nbsp;As part of the Miami tribe's agreement with the federal
government, the tribe acknowledged that a tribal representative filed false
factual declarations in multiple state court actions.&nbsp;Federal prosecutors
unsealed a&nbsp;criminal indictment Wednesday charging Kansas City Race Car
driver Scott Tucker and his lawyer, Timothy Muir, with racketeering charges and
violating the&nbsp;Truth in Lending Act for their role in operating the online
payday lending business.Tucker and Muir were arrested Wednesday in Kansas City,
according to the U.S. Department of Justice.&nbsp;Tucker, 53, of Leawood, Kan.,
and Muir, 44, of Overland Park, Kan., are each charged with conspiring to
collect unlawful debts in violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act, which carries a maximum term of 20 years in prison, three
counts of violating RICO's prohibition on collecting unlawful debts, each of
which carries a maximum term of 20 years in prison, and five counts of violating
the Truth in Lending Act, each of which carries a maximum term of one year in
prison.Tucker and Muir had claimed the $2 billion payday lending business was
actually owned and operated by the Oklahoma- based Miami and Modoc tribes to
avoid liability.

The payday lending companies used the tribes' sovereign status to skirt state
and federal lending laws, the indictment claims.In a statement, the Miami Tribe
and two companies controlled by the tribe,&nbsp;AMG Services Inc. and MNE
Services Inc., said they  have cooperated with authorities in the investigation
and stopped their involvement in&nbsp;the payday lending business in 2013."This
result represents the best path forward for the Miami and its members as we
continue to build a sustainable foundation for the future," the statement said.
"We are proud of our many recent accomplishments, including the diversification
of our economic business development to support the long- term goal of securing
the tribe's valuable programs and services."Funding from the tribe's businesses
goes toward benefits and services for tribal members including health care and
scholarship funds, as well as the revitalization of the tribe's native language
and preserving Miami culture, the statement said.&nbsp;Tucker and Muir's payday
lending scheme preyed on more than 4.5 million borrowers, who&nbsp;entered into
payday loans with deceptive terms and interest rates ranging from 400 to 700
percent, Diego Rodriguez, FBI assistant director-in-charge, said in a
statement.&nbsp;"Not only did their business model violate the Truth-in Lending
Act, established to protect consumers from such loans, but they also tried to
hide from prosecution by creating a fraudulent association with Native American
tribes to receive sovereign immunity," he&nbsp;said.&nbsp;The $48 million the
Miami Tribe has agreed to forfeit in Tucker and Muir's&nbsp;criminal case is on
top of the $21 million the tribe's payday lending companies agreed to pay the
Federal Trade Commission in January 2015 to settle charges they&nbsp;broke the
law by charging consumers undisclosed and inflated fees.The tribe also agreed to
waive&nbsp;$285 million in charges that were assessed but not collected from
payday loan customers as part of its 2015 agreement with the Federal Trade
Commission.&nbsp;Beginning in 2003, Tucker entered into agreements with several
American Indian tribes, including the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, according to the
indictment. As part of the deal, the tribes claimed they owned and operated
parts of Tucker's&nbsp;payday lending business, so that when states sought to
enforce laws prohibiting the predatory&nbsp;loans, the business would be
protected by the tribes' sovereign immunity, the indictment claims. In return,
the tribes received payments from Tucker - typically about 1 percent of the
revenues, according to the indictment.&nbsp;To create the illusion that the
tribes owned and controlled Tucker's&nbsp;payday lending business, Tucker and
Muir&nbsp;engaged in a series of deceptions, including preparing false factual
declarations from tribal representatives that were submitted to state courts and
falsely claiming, among other things, that tribal corporations owned,
controlled, and managed the portions of Tucker's business targeted by state
enforcement actions, the indictment claims.Tucker opened bank accounts to
operate and receive the profits of the payday lending enterprise, which were
nominally held by tribal-owned corporations, but which were, in fact, owned and
controlled by Tucker, according to the indictment.&nbsp;The indictment seeks to
forfeit&nbsp;proceeds and property derived from Tucker and Muir's alleged
crimes, including numerous bank accounts, an&nbsp;Aspen, Colo., vacation home,
six Ferrari race cars, four Porsche automobiles, and a Learjet.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Venture Fund Aids Native Americans

                           February 26, 2001, Monday

BY Ben Jackson



Venture capital typically does not flow to Ziebach County, S.D., the second-
poorest county in the United States. So to jump-start its moribund economy, the
county - consisting mostly of the Cheyenne River Sioux Indian Reservation -
decided to create its own.

A coalition of bankers, local businessmen, and tribal members have formed the
Four Bands Community Fund, a nonprofit corporation designed to help people on
the reservation start small businesses.

Farming, ranching, and home loans are specifically excluded from the fund's
purview because agricultural loans are readily available. Instead, the goal of
the fund, which was started in April 2000, is to diversify the economy and
develop businesses out of tribal members' handiwork.

"They have a lot of people who make jewelry and luggage and things. They just
need some money to get them going," said Keith E. Willard, president and chief
executive officer of the $120 million-asset First Financial Bank USA in Dupree,
S.D., and one of the bankers advising the project.

Stewart Sarkozy-Banoczy, executive director of the Four Bands fund, said the
original idea was to fund loans of less than $4,000. As people have come to the
fund with projects, however, it has changed its focus. Some people need larger
loans to operate businesses out of their homes; others want to expand storefront
businesses or open cafes.

"Originally it was going to be very small, micro-loans," Mr. Sarkozy-Banoczy
said. "Through some of the discussions we've had, the fund is considering
different kinds of loans at different levels."

He is also working with the Bureau of Indian Affairs credit office and the Small
Business Administration to create a lending resource for people who need larger
sums.

To ensure that the loans will be repaid, training is an integral part of the
program. Anyone wanting a loan must complete a 10-week course taught by Mr.
Sarkozy-Banoczy. Borrowers learn to develop a business plan and manage finances,
scheduling, and order fulfillment. Fifteen people have completed the training.

"They'll learn the basics on how to run a small business," said Steven S.
Payne, president and CEO of $22.7 million-asset State Bank of Eagle Butte,
another adviser to the fund. His bank gave $2,000 to the fund for start-up
costs.

The coalition is still raising money to fund loans. Recently the First Nations
Development Institute, a nonprofit organization that promotes economic
development on reservations, gave Four Bands a $5,000 grant for marketing and
fund raising. Mr. Sarkozy-Banoczy said the fund's seed money will come from
private foundations and federal government programs.

The Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe has also donated office space for a business
"incubator" where participants can set up shop away from home and make use of
resources like a common fax machine. Mr. Sarkozy-Banoczy hopes to use the
Internet for global sales of goods made on the reservation and to bring money
into the local economy.

The bankers hope the new businesses will mean more business for them both in
accounts and future loans.

"We want to be able to get up there to bankable loans," said Mr. Willard of
First Financial, "and then they won't have to go to micro-loans" to expand their
businesses.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT: COMMUNITY BANKING - PRACTICAL INSIGHTS FOR TODAY'S MARKET;
Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 560 words

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday

Foxwoods restructuring gambles on complexity

BYLINE: by Lisa Allen

LENGTH: 1815 words


The restructuring of Foxwoods Resort Casino's $2.3 billion in debt has concluded
with an out-of-court agreement after four years of negotiations, eliminating
$550 million in debt obligations and pushing back debt maturity dates.

The deal, announced on July 1 by the casino's owner, the Mashantucket Pequot
Tribal Nation, was touted by sources familiar with the restructuring as the most
complex restructuring involving a Native American tribe in history.

"This was the most complicated deal we have ever worked on," said Soren
Reynertson, a managing general partner at New York-based GLC Advisors & Co. LLC,
which advised about half of the casino's creditors. "The sovereignty of the
issuer meant we lacked many of the traditional tools available in a corporate
restructuring, including certain points of leverage, a framework for
negotiations and typical sources of value."

Although the parties eventually reached a consensual solution that more than 99%
of bondholders voted to approve, the restructuring raised the specter of an even
more complex outcome: the first-ever bankruptcy filing by a Native American
tribe.

The Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation initially considered attempting an
unprecedented Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing for the Ledyard, Ct.-based casino,
sources familiar with the restructuring process told The Deal Pipeline.

The tribe was interested in filing for bankruptcy because it believed it would
have more leverage against junior creditors in court, one source said. The
tribe, however, nixed the plan because the legality was questionable and the
creditors were all against it, making a bankruptcy court less likely to support
a filing.

From a legal perspective, it's doubtful that a Native American tribe would be
eligible to file for Chapter 11, since the U.S. bankruptcy code allows filings
by people and corporations but not governmental entities. A federally recognized
Native American tribe such as the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation is
classified as a sovereign nation.

Still, the case can be made that corporations owned by Native American tribes
could file, according to Blaine Green, the head of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw
Whitman LLP's Indian law practice.

The uncertainty, however, works in the tribes' favor. "The mere threat,
possibility and potential that a tribe could file for bankruptcy could be more
effective and useful than an actual bankruptcy filing," Green said.

He went on to explain that if one tribe filed, only to have its petition denied,
the threat of bankruptcy would be unavailable to other tribes in the future.

Furthermore, if a tribe filed successfully, the bankruptcy process could call
tribes' legal protections into question, potentially stripping them of rights
that protect their sovereignty.

Protecting these rights makes a compelling case for finding an out-of-court
solution, but also makes it more difficult to reach an agreement.

Businesses owned by Native American tribes have special legal protections that
restrict creditors' avenues of recourse. Tribes are legally prohibited from
selling tribal assets or issuing equity, and they are legally immune from
attempts by outsiders to force a change of control at their businesses.

Without a court to push things along, the discussions at Foxwoods stretched on
for four years - one adviser who worked on the deal compared the process to a
"game of Whac-A-Mole" in which, each time one tranche of creditors was satisfied
with a provision, another tranche would rise up to dispute it.

Global Leveraged's Reynertson was thrilled that the parties reached a consensual
resolution with more than 99% bondholder participation.

Foxwoods CEO Scott Butera was also happy with the resolution. "This was a
one-of-a-kind deal, the first and biggest deal of its type done with Native
American sovereignties - it's a little bit revolutionary," Butera said.

Butera added that the restructuring solved Foxwoods' financial woes, explaining,
"We're in very solid financial condition - if need be, this could be a permanent
financial structure."

Now Foxwoods is looking to expand, Butera said. The company is competing for a
license to build a $1 billion casino in Milford, Mass., and is evaluating
opportunities for a $300 million to $600 million casino in the Catskill Mountain
region of New York.

The Milford proposal involves plans for a 660,000-square foot casino that would
require a $20 million contribution from Foxwoods, according to Butera, who is
working with Deutsche Bank to raise the necessary funds through debt and equity
financings. Butera added that the new project would be nonrecourse to Foxwoods,
so it won't put a huge burden on the casino's capital structure.

Under the Foxwoods restructuring agreement, the capital structure is divided
into four secured tranches. A source familiar with the restructuring process
said it's highly unusual to have even three tranches of debt that are
subordinated but still secured.

In many restructuring situations, bondholders that take losses will receive
equity to give them a possibility of recovery if the business turns around.
Foxwoods, however, couldn't provide that deal sweetener, since tribes aren't
legally permitted to issue equity.

As a result, said one legal counsel who worked on the deal, "The bottom two
classes of bonds received a haircut as part of the restructuring, so in place of
that, they received contingent interest obligations."

The contingent interest obligations are structured so that, if the casino
performs well in the future, junior creditors will receive a payout to help
compensate for the losses they swallowed during the restructuring process, the
lawyer said.

The legal counsel said the tribe got a letter of declination from the National
Indian Gaming Commission - an independent federal regulatory agency - stating
that documents relating to the new securities don't constitute management
agreements. The letter of declination, which formally distinguishes these
securities from equity, was a necessary closing condition for the deal.

Those securities were designed specifically for this unusual situation, sources
said.

In addition, some of the bonds toggle between cash-pay and pay-in-kind depending
on how the business is performing and not at the issuer's discretion. This
structure provides the issuer with flexibility in case the business is in
trouble, but also ensures payouts for creditors if it's thriving. Sources said
this structure is also unusual, and is another accommodation for a situation in
which the debtor cannot issue equity.

In the new capital structure, the first tranche of creditors includes the
casino's senior lenders: family-owned Malaysian firm Kien Huat Realty, Bank of
America NA, and Wells Fargo & Co. Those lenders will split $542 million in
existing term loans, at par, into two new term loans with longer maturities.

Kien Huat, the first investor who funded the casino's development, received a
phenomenal return on its investment, sources said.

Prioritized slightly under the first tranche is the distribution to the tribe,
which amounts to about $3 million per month, a source said. That distribution
may increase if Foxwoods performs well.

Originally, the casino paid out dividends to individual tribe members, but under
the restructuring plan, the payments will go directly to the tribal council to
fund services such as the police force.

The next tranche of debt comprises the Special Revenue Obligation (SRO) bonds.
Those bondholders, which include bond-insurer MBIA Inc. and Northwestern Mutual
Financial Network, didn't take a haircut in the restructuring.

However, the holders of Subordinated Special Revenue Obligation (SSRO) bonds and
8.5% notes - the two classes with the lowest priority - did take losses,
although the special debt instruments designed for the restructuring could help
them perform well in the future. SSRO holders include distressed bond investor
Fundamental Advisors LP, while 8.5% noteholders include Pioneer Asset Management
and insurer Aegon Group.

Foxwoods is not the only tribe-owned casino to restructure its debt in recent
memory. Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, which runs the Mohegan Sun resort in
Uncasville, Conn., restructured debt through an exchange offer in January 2012.
The Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino in Coarsegold, Calif., restructured debt in
2011. The Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians restructured
debt related to their Lake of the Torches casino in 2011. The Mescalero Apache
tribe restructured $200 million in 12% bonds related to its Inn of the Mountain
Gods resort in Mescalero, N.M., in 2010. Also in 2010, the Pueblo of Pojaque's
Buffalo Thunder Resort and Casino in Santa Fe restructured $245 million in
senior notes.

Even more restructuring may be on the horizon for tribe-owned casinos. New York
and Massachusetts have both authorized new casinos in order to bring in more tax
revenues, for example, but such new facilities will take business away from the
casinos that already operate in the Northeast.

One source suggested that Mohegan Sun's 2012 restructuring was just a
"Band-Aid," adding that the casino's capital structure may not be sustainable in
the future, while another source who is familiar with Mohegan Sun's
restructuring said the casino is not currently working with the advisor who
designed its 2012 restructuring plan, Blackstone Group LP.

Meanwhile, a source knowledgeable of Foxwoods' restructuring said other tribes
have unsustainable capital structures relating to their gaming ventures.
Tribe-owned casinos with ratings of B3 negative and lower from Moody's Investors
Service include Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, Buena Vista Gaming Authority,
Shingle Springs Tribal Gaming Authority, Snoqualmie Entertainment Authority and
Tunica-Biloxi Gaming Authority.

The Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation was advised by restructuring firm Miller
Buckfire & Co. LLC's James Doak. The tribe took legal advice from a Weil,
Gotshal & Manges LLP team that included Andrew Yoon, Stephen Karotkin, Ronit
Berkovich, Miranda Schiller, Todd Chandler, Ted Waksman, Larry Gelbfish, and
Stuart Goldring.

Bank of America NA was advised by a team from Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP that
included Waide Warner, Sartaj Gill, Marshall S. Huebner, Brian M. Resnick, James
H.R. Windels, Frank J. Azzopardi, Po Sit, John Fouhey, Susan D. Kennedy, Betty
Moy Huber, and Erin K. Cho.

Kien Huat Realty took advice from Cleary Gotlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP.

The SRO bondholders were advised by Blackstone Group's Michael Genereux and Ken
Nguyen. Certain SRO bondholders took legal advice from Bingham McCutchen LLP;
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP advised their steering committee.

The steering committee for the holders of SSRO bonds took advice from Mintz
Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo PC.

The 8.5% noteholders' steering committee was advised by Bracewell & Giuliani LLP
.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

The Week In Review

BYLINE: Michael Lepage and Daniel Peake, CongressNow Staff

LENGTH: 832 words


Congress returned from August recess this week with a busy agenda that saw the
Senate approve two spending bills and the House approve patent overhaul
legislation and a Native American housing bill.

On Thursday, the House easily passed H.R. 2786, which reauthorizes housing
programs for Native American tribes, 333-75.

The House approved an amendment by Rep. Steve Pearce (R-N.M.) to establish a new
tribal economic development pilot project and an amendment by Rep. Dan Boren
(D-Okla.) regarding membership disputes in the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma. It
rejected an amendment by Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) to deny tribal status to
Native Hawaiian groups.

On Friday, the House passed H.R. 1908, the Patent Reform Act of 2007, by a
220-175 margin. The bill makes the largest changes to the U.S. patent system
since the 1950s.

The debate on the bill was extremely heated, as opponents, led by Reps. Dana
Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) and Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio), claimed the bill would
obliterate protections for small inventors and manufacturers in order to help
high tech companies.

The bill's supporters, which included the bipartisan leadership of the House
Judiciary Committee, argued it was needed to standardize and modernize a system
prone to excessive litigation and unclear standards.

The House also approved on Friday the final conference report for H.R. 2669, the
College Cost Reduction Act of 2007, 292-97.

The bill, which President Bush has pledged to sign, reduces subsidies to private
student loan lenders and uses the funds saved to increase Pell Grants and reduce
the interest rates paid on student loans.

Democrats praised the legislation as the largest expansion of college aid in a
generation. Republicans argued the bill would hurt the private student loan
system and strongly criticized the process by which the bill was considered.

The Senate returned from its month-long August recess by jumping right into the
appropriations process.

On Tuesday the Senate took up and by Thursday passed the military construction
and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act (H.R. 2642). The bill, which passed
92-1, dramatically increases veterans spending, providing $4 billion more than
the president's request.

The bill adds to Bush's increase for construction projects at military bases and
other Defense Department facilities, including domestic bases that are being
expanded to add troops now stationed in Germany and South Korea.

Additionally, Veterans Affairs will receive a 10 percent increase for health
spending for veterans.

The president indicated he would sign the bill but urged lawmakers to offset the
additional spending with cuts elsewhere in the budget.

"This bill finally takes the necessary steps to recognize our veterans as a cost
of war," said Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.).

The House passed version was completed in June. A conference committee will meet
to decide on a final version to send to the president.

Also on Thursday, the Senate took up and passed the State and Foreign Operations
Appropriations Act (H.R. 2764) by a 81-12 vote. The bill provides $34 billion to
the Department of State, the peace corps, diplomatic agencies and foreign aid.

The bill lifts restrictions on family planning aid to overseas health
organizations that perform abortions or promote the procedure as a method of
family planning.

The White House has issued a veto threat over the provisions that were attempted
to be removed by an amendment by Sen. Sam Brownback (R-Kan.). That amendment
failed 41-53.

The so called "Mexico City policy," first implemented by President Ronald
Reagan, blocks U.S. funds from going to any group that performs, advocates or is
in favor of abortion in their country, despite U.S. funds already being barred
from the actual abortions themselves. Republicans contend that money is fungible
and that U.S. funds replace money that would otherwise be earmarked for
abortions.

"It's a gut-check issue about where you stand on life . . . where you stand on
whether on not we should be using taxpayer funds for abortion," Brownback said.

Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) disagreed. "The policy literally gags foreign
organizations that receive family planning funds," she said.

The House passed its version of the bill in June which included the same
abortion language as the Senate version. The bill now goes to conference to
hammer out the differences between the two versions before being sent to the
president.

On Friday, the Senate passed its reconciliation bill to lower student loan
interest rates. The bill cuts private-lender subsidies and directs those savings
to reduce student loan rates.

The president backed off a veto threat of the bill Thursday a day before the
bill passed with a veto proof majority, 79-12.

Tuesday, marked the return of Sen. Tim Johnson (D-S.D.). His January stroke
threw the balance of power in the Senate into question earlier this year. Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid (R-Nev.) thanked Republicans for "not exploiting" the
situation for partisan gain.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

For tribes, shutdown's effects could linger

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 486 words


BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) - Disruptions to some services for elderly American Indians
and other needy residents of reservations could linger despite the end of the
government shutdown, tribal officials said Thursday.

It could take days or even weeks to get backed-up funds flowing to tribal
programs that are under contract with the federal government, officials said.
And for many reservations, the headaches brought on by the shutdown only
compounded difficulties posed by budget cuts that kicked in even before the
impasse in Congress shut off payments entirely.

"When things like this happen, it usually trickles down to the poorest of the
poor, and Native Americans, per capita, are in the lowest spectrum of income in
the U.S.," said Brian Cladoosby, president-elect of the National Congress of
American Indians and chairman of Washington state's Swinomish Tribe.

"D.C. has to get their act together. They have to quit running the government by
chaos," he said. "We are getting impacted by that type of government."

There are more than 560 federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native
tribes. In addition to direct federal assistance for foster care, health,
education and other programs, many of them rely on the U.S. government to
oversee and disburse revenues generated by reservation activities such as oil
and gas development. Those funds, too, were tied up by the shutdown because the
federal Bureau of Indian Affairs lacked the stafff to process payments.

On Montana's Crow Indian Reservation, about 30 home health providers were among
employees that remained furloughed Thursday with no word on when they might
return to work, said Todd Wilson, director of the tribe's health department.

The indefinite loss of those jobs leaves families with elderly or disabled
members few options for care, tribal officials said.

California's Yurock Tribe expects to have 60 furloughed workers back on the job
within 48 hours, said the tribe's vice chairman, Susan Masten. That comes after
the tribe shut down a wide range of programs Oct. 7, including tutoring programs
for students, funds for the elderly, college scholarships, and general
assistance payments to about 50 families.

Masten said she fears that in a few months, when the current budget deal
expires, those programs could be threatened yet again.

On Montana's Fort Belknap Reservation, the Gros Ventre and Assiniboine tribes
are considering taking out a loan of almost $2 million to cover the cost of home
heating for the poor, medical transportation, meals for seniors and other
programs that were continued through the shutdown with tribal money, said tribal
President Tracy "Ching" King.

A loan would sap the tribes' budget since they would have to pay an unspecified
amount of interest. But King said there was little choice, and that the money
would protect against a repeat scenario should congressional budget negotiations
again unravel in coming months.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Signs of partisan tension as Native leaders visit Senate

BYLINE: Steve Terrell, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1016 words


Feb. 12--It was the type of ceremonial event that the New Mexico Legislature
holds every other year -- hosting speeches by Native American leaders and paying
homage to the state's relationships with its various sovereign tribal and pueblo
governments.

But Wednesday's session in the state Senate chambers was different. Senate
Majority Leader Michael Sanchez arranged for the event after last Friday's
American Indian Day. On that day, Gov. Susana Martinez made a speech to a joint
session of the Legislature. But, in a break with tradition, no tribal leaders
were invited to speak.

Sanchez, D-Belen, said Wednesday that he invited all members of the House to
attend Wednesday's event. But while most House Democrats showed up for the
speeches, only a handful of Republicans -- Sanchez said three -- came to the
Senate Chamber for the speeches.

This unusual twist in legislative decorum was the latest example of brewing
tensions between House Republicans and Democrats. With Republicans in control of
the House for the first time in 60 years, the session is increasingly turning
into one marked by party-line votes, heated rhetoric and often unveiled
animosity.

The rhetoric flew furiously last week after Martinez's American Indian Day
speech. Some House Democrats blasted Martinez and the House Republicans for what
some Indian leaders said was a slight. Rep. James Roger Madalena, D-Jemez Pueblo
-- the longest-serving Native American legislator -- said in a news release
following her speech, "The New Mexico Legislature has always honored and treated
the Native American community with respect -- today that was violated."

House Republicans dismissed the uproar as a "political stunt."

There was no such rancor on display Wednesday when four pueblo governors, the
presidents of the Navajo and Jicarilla Apache nations and the tribal chairman of
the Fort Sill Apaches spoke in the Senate. Some of the leaders thanked Sanchez
for inviting them to speak, but nobody mentioned the perceived snub in the
House. Some of the leaders expressed thanks to the Legislature as well as
Martinez for working with them on various issues.

The governors of Acoma and Laguna pueblos made pleas for the legislators to pass
proposed gambling compacts with their tribes, which are expected to get
consideration in this session. Jeff Haozous, the Fort Sill Apache chairman,
expressed frustration about language in the compacts that would exclude his
tribe from signing a gambling compact with the state, and about two bills that
would have helped solidify his tribe as a recognized tribe in New Mexico.

Tesuque Pueblo Gov. Milton Herrera asked lawmakers to vote down measures that
would establish a commission to study the transfer of federal public lands to
state, tribal or land grant control. Earlier in the day, one of those measures,
House Bill 291, got a favorable recommendation from a House committee.

Most of the Native American leaders talked about the importance of their
governments working with the state government and of the strides that have been
made in that area over the past few decades.

Some speakers stressed the need to work in a bipartisan fashion. Privately, some
Indian leaders say they are concerned about their tribes' issues getting caught
up in the kind of hyperpartisan crossfire that has characterized this
Legislature so far.

The Democrats' side of the House chamber was empty for much of Wednesday
morning. House Democrats left their chamber without any announcement to go to
the Senate to hear the speeches.

Rep. Matthew McQueen, D-Galisteo, said, "I'm a freshman, and I was surprised we
had so many Native American representatives here" for last week's American
Indian Day. He said he was gratified that Sanchez made it possible to hear the
tribal leaders speak.

Another freshman legislator, Rep. Patricio Ruiloba, D-Albuquerque, said, "In my
orientation, it was emphasized that I am a representative not just of my
district, but of the whole state. I wanted to hear what their issues were."

Though straight party-line votes certainly weren't rare in past sessions, the
new Republican dominance in the House and Democratic vows to vigorously fight at
every turn have led to strict partisan divisions on a variety of issues.

The House Regulatory and Public Affairs Committee has been the killing floor for
many Democrat bills that died on party-line votes. These include a bill to
increase the state minimum wage; one that would have capped interest rates on
loans at 36 percent; one that would require background checks on buyers at gun
shows; a bill requiring lobbyists to disclose more information; and one aimed at
giving nurses more control over staffing at hospitals. Every vote was 4-3, with
Republicans on the winning side.

Other high-profile bills that passed -- or failed -- on party-line votes so far
this year:

--Two Republican-sponsored bills to repeal a law allowing state residents
without proof of immigration status to get driver's licenses got favorable
recommendations along party lines from the House Safety and Civil Affairs
Committee. Subsequently, one of the bills cleared the House Judiciary Committee
on a 7-6 party-line vote.

--A bill for mass retention of third-graders who fail reading tests -- a
centerpiece of the governor's legislative agenda -- cleared the House Education
Committee on a 7-6 party-line vote and passed the full House on Wednesday
evening.

--A bill that would require employers to give pregnant women up to three months
of unpaid leave before, during or after they give birth passed with the support
of the five Democrats on the House Health Committee. The three Republicans on
the committee sided with small-business owners who expressed opposition. Two GOP
members were absent.

--At the outset of the session, a move by House Republicans to reorganize and
rename some of the standing committees passed by a party-line vote.

Reporter Milan Simonich contributed to this report.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150212-SF-Signs-of-partisan-tension-as-Native-leaders-visit-Senate-0212-201502
12

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Helping to Boost Business Development for Native American
Entrepreneurs

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Native American Heritage Month is a time to reflect on the significant
contributions the first Americans made to the establishment and growth of the
U.S. The month is a time for Native people to share their culture, traditions,
art, and ways of knowing with the entire nation. American Indians and Alaskan
Natives were also the country's first entrepreneurs, and the SBA is working hard
every day to ensure that the entrepreneurial spirit of Native people continues
to thrive.

The SBA's Office of Native American Affairs offers a variety of Entrepreneurial
Empowerment workshops nationwide. These workshops provide specialized training
to new entrepreneurs and to established Native American businesses that are
positioned to grow. They are developed to be culturally relevant and responsive
to the challenges and needs of their communities.

This year alone we've held 19 workshops in 17 states, and more than 50 tribes
have sent representatives. We also hold 8(a) business development workshops
nationwide that focus on the unique rules and considerations for tribally and
Native-owned corporations and organizations. In 2014, over 500 individuals
representing 109 different tribal communities attended these sessions. In 2015,
we will be increasing our number of workshops to ensure that we reach even more
entrepreneurs throughout Indian Country.

American Indian veterans have played a vital and distinguished role in the
United States military for over two hundred years. In fact, Native Americans
serve at a higher rate than all other service members.

In partnership with the SBA's Office of Veterans Business Development, we held a
Native American veteran-focused event called "Boots to Business: Reboot" this
August in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which saw over 125 veterans join to receive
entrepreneurial training.

Several months ago I had the opportunity to moderate a roundtable in Oregon
City, Oregon, with my colleague Patrice Kunesh, Deputy Under Secretary of Rural
Development at the USDA. Our panelists included SBA Administrator Maria
Contreras-Sweet and Phil Karsting, USDA Administrator of the Foreign
Agricultural Service. At the roundtable, we hosted 40 American Indian small
business owners and tribal leadership representing nearly 15 different tribes
nationally. The discussion included the importance of international trade for
our Native businesses as well as Foreign Trade Zones as a potential economic
driver. The participants ranged in age from tribal elders to young entrepreneurs
fresh out of college.

I hosted another roundtable in Los Angeles with Administrator Contreras-Sweet
and the California American Indian Chamber of Commerce in September. Common
threads brought by participants at both events were strong entrepreneurial ideas
and a desire to make a difference in their communities. My family has owned
small businesses in Cherokee, North Carolina, for several generations, so I
could strongly relate to the concerns, needs, and questions of those in
attendance.

For the past 15 years I have worked with Native entrepreneurs and small business
owners throughout the U.S., helping them access the tools they need to start,
maintain, and grow their entrepreneurial ventures. In the past year, the SBA has
provided over 100 million dollars in SBA loans and microloans to firms owned by
Native Americans. Across the federal government we have also provided over 10
billion dollars in small business contracts to Native-owned businesses through
the 8(a) program.

As my office looks toward 2015, I am excited for what lies ahead. We will be
rolling out numerous new initiatives in the coming months, and we are looking
forward to meeting the challenge of increasing the strength and number of
successful Native American-owned businesses throughout the nation.

The interactions I have every day leave me with no doubt that the strength and
power of America's entrepreneurial spirit is as strong in Indian Country as it
has ever been. Let's work together to ensure that both today's and tomorrow's
Native American entrepreneurs have the resources they need to make their
business dreams a reality as they spur job creation and economic opportunity in
their communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Helping to Boost Business Development for Native American
Entrepreneurs

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Native American Heritage Month is a time to reflect on the significant
contributions the first Americans made to the establishment and growth of the
U.S. The month is a time for Native people to share their culture, traditions,
art, and ways of knowing with the entire nation. American Indians and Alaskan
Natives were also the country's first entrepreneurs, and the SBA is working hard
every day to ensure that the entrepreneurial spirit of Native people continues
to thrive.

The SBA's Office of Native American Affairs offers a variety of Entrepreneurial
Empowerment workshops nationwide. These workshops provide specialized training
to new entrepreneurs and to established Native American businesses that are
positioned to grow. They are developed to be culturally relevant and responsive
to the challenges and needs of their communities.

This year alone we've held 19 workshops in 17 states, and more than 50 tribes
have sent representatives. We also hold 8(a) business development workshops
nationwide that focus on the unique rules and considerations for tribally and
Native-owned corporations and organizations. In 2014, over 500 individuals
representing 109 different tribal communities attended these sessions. In 2015,
we will be increasing our number of workshops to ensure that we reach even more
entrepreneurs throughout Indian Country.

American Indian veterans have played a vital and distinguished role in the
United States military for over two hundred years. In fact, Native Americans
serve at a higher rate than all other service members.

In partnership with the SBA's Office of Veterans Business Development, we held a
Native American veteran-focused event called "Boots to Business: Reboot" this
August in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which saw over 125 veterans join to receive
entrepreneurial training.

Several months ago I had the opportunity to moderate a roundtable in Oregon
City, Oregon, with my colleague Patrice Kunesh, Deputy Under Secretary of Rural
Development at the USDA. Our panelists included SBA Administrator Maria
Contreras-Sweet and Phil Karsting, USDA Administrator of the Foreign
Agricultural Service. At the roundtable, we hosted 40 American Indian small
business owners and tribal leadership representing nearly 15 different tribes
nationally. The discussion included the importance of international trade for
our Native businesses as well as Foreign Trade Zones as a potential economic
driver. The participants ranged in age from tribal elders to young entrepreneurs
fresh out of college.

I hosted another roundtable in Los Angeles with Administrator Contreras-Sweet
and the California American Indian Chamber of Commerce in September. Common
threads brought by participants at both events were strong entrepreneurial ideas
and a desire to make a difference in their communities. My family has owned
small businesses in Cherokee, North Carolina, for several generations, so I
could strongly relate to the concerns, needs, and questions of those in
attendance.

For the past 15 years I have worked with Native entrepreneurs and small business
owners throughout the U.S., helping them access the tools they need to start,
maintain, and grow their entrepreneurial ventures. In the past year, the SBA has
provided over 100 million dollars in SBA loans and microloans to firms owned by
Native Americans. Across the federal government we have also provided over 10
billion dollars in small business contracts to Native-owned businesses through
the 8(a) program.

As my office looks toward 2015, I am excited for what lies ahead. We will be
rolling out numerous new initiatives in the coming months, and we are looking
forward to meeting the challenge of increasing the strength and number of
successful Native American-owned businesses throughout the nation.

The interactions I have every day leave me with no doubt that the strength and
power of America's entrepreneurial spirit is as strong in Indian Country as it
has ever been. Let's work together to ensure that both today's and tomorrow's
Native American entrepreneurs have the resources they need to make their
business dreams a reality as they spur job creation and economic opportunity in
their communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Collection Agencies are Named in Pennsylvania Lawsuit

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 382  words


Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane's office filed a lawsuit Thursday
against a Texas-based operation for allegedly running an illegal online payday
loan scheme.

The suit also names several collection agencies as defendants, including the
Washington-based law firm of Weinstein, Pinson and Riley PS, Cerastes LLC and
National Credit Adjusters LLC - companies allegedly used to collect debts
derived from the illegal loans.

Primary defendants in the case include: Think Finance Inc., TC Loan Services
LLC, Elevate Credit Inc., Financial U LLC and former CEO Kenneth E. Rees. The
operation allegedly targeted consumers using three Native American tribes that
functioned as the apparent lender, as a cover, according to the lawsuit. In
turn, Think Finance earns significant revenues from various services it charges
to the tribes.

Before establishing the tribal partnerships, the company allegedly used the
cover of a rogue bank based in Center City Philadelphia, in what is commonly
referred to as a "rent-a-bank" scheme, until the federal government shut down
the bank, according to the lawsuit.

Internet marketer, Selling Source LLC, which used its "MoneyMutual" website and
television commercials to generate online leads for high-rate lenders, including
at least one tribal lender, also is named in the suit. Selling Source allegedly
made referrals of Pennsylvania residents to the scheme for a charge, even after
it was ordered to stop doing so in a 2011 agreement with the Pennsylvania
Department of Banking.

Think Finance, according to a 2013 news release, had more than $500 million in
revenuesÂ  - up from $100 million in 2010. At that time, the company reported it
had provided more than $3.5 billion in loans to 1.5 million consumers in the
U.S. and internationally.

In a statement announcing the lawsuit, Attorney General Kane said: "Any
Pennsylvania residents with problems or complaints involving payday loans or
related debt collection should get in touch with us immediately."

Kane's office filed the civil lawsuit in the Court of Common Pleas of
Philadelphia County, Pa. The defendants are accused of violating several
Pennsylvania laws including the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection
Law, the Corrupt Organizations Act and the Fair Credit Extension Uniformity Act.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 4, 2009 Tuesday

Lumbee groups receive money for housing, programs

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


Aug. 4--PEMBROKE -- The Lumbee tribal government and an organization that serves
Lumbees have been awarded money from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act,
according to a release from U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan.

The tribe will receive $4 million for housing projects. The Lumbee Regional
Development Association will receive $750,000 in grants and loans for community
projects.

"These Recovery Act funds will give the Lumbees and the development association
resources to upgrade housing and infrastructure in their community," Hagan
stated. "During these difficult economic times, this investment will create jobs
and boost the tribe's economy."

The $4 million for the tribe is being allocated through the Native American
Housing Block Grant Program, a division of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

"The federal money coming to the tribe and the Lumbee Regional Development
Association will greatly benefit the Lumbee community," said Tribal Chairman
Jimmy Goins. "Because of the funds, homes will be rehabilitated, jobs will be
created and we will be able to begin work on much needed community projects."

The money for the Lumbee Regional Development Association, an independent
nonprofit organization that serves the Lumbee community, is part of the
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Community Facilities program.

LRDA plans to use the money to build a new Head Start and Early Start facility
on Lamb Road off N.C. 211.

James Hardin, the agency's executive director, said the money is a loan the
organization will repay in four years.

"The current Head Start building is dilapidated and we have an opportunity to
add the Early Start program," Hardin said.

LRDA officials hope to have the building completed by August 2010.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090804-FY-Lumbee-groups-receive-money-for-housing-programs-0804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tribes Challenge New York's Authority Over Their Lending

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1169 words


Updated, 8:46 p.m. | Since becoming New York State's top financial regulator in
2011, Benjamin M. Lawsky has aggressively pursued wrongdoing far beyond the
state's borders, investigating financial consultants in Washington, insurance
industry practices nationwide and money laundering overseas.

On Wednesday afternoon, two American Indian tribes, their businesses under
attack by Mr. Lawsky, argued in Federal District Court in Manhattan that the
regulator had overstepped his jurisdictional bounds.

The tribes, each halfway across the country, are in Mr. Lawsky's cross hairs
over online lending operations run from their reservations. Last month, New
York's Department of Financial Services unveiled an aggressive campaign against
the payday lending industry, seeking to stamp out Internet businesses that offer
small, short-term loans at exorbitant interest rates.

But the Indians fought back. They sued Mr. Lawsky, arguing that their sovereign
status protects them from regulation by New York. The two plaintiffs in the case
are the Otoe Missouria Tribe, in Red Rock, Okla., and the Lac Vieux Desert Band
of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, in Watersmeet, Mich. The Otoe Missouria tribe
operates American Web Loan and Great Plains Lending, and the Lac Vieux Indians
run CastlePayday.com.

''New York alone is saying 'We're the ones who get to control everything,' ''
David Bernick, the lawyer representing the tribes, said before a courtroom
packed with Indian leaders.

''My clients' businesses are being destroyed because New York has decided that
tribal sovereignty doesn't matter to them,'' Mr. Bernick said. ''This is an
exercise in arrogance, and people are suffering as a result.''

Mr. Lawsky did not attend Wednesday's hearing before Judge Richard J. Sullivan.
But in court papers, he has said that despite the tribes' claims of sovereignty,
he has the power to protect vulnerable New York consumers from Indian-run
businesses that reach beyond reservation borders. He has argued that insulating
tribal businesses from regulation would hamstring New York's ability to enforce
its laws against predatory lending.

''State laws like New York's usury statutes may validly be applied to economic
transactions between Native Americans and New York consumers when those
transactions have significant and injurious off-reservation effects -- as is the
case here, given the crippling debt that payday loans cause to New Yorkers,''
lawyers for Mr. Lawsky wrote in a court filing.

As part of an effort by regulators across the country to eradicate illegal
payday loans, Mr. Lawsky sent letters last month to 35 online lenders -- 11 of
which asserted ties to Indian tribes -- asking them to ''cease and desist'' from
offering loans with interest rates that, in some cases, exceeds 500 percent
annually. He also sent letters to more than 100 banks, notifying them of his
investigation and asking for their cooperation.

With the states cracking down on payday lenders, Indian tribes have sought to
fill the void by entering the business over the last several years. They say
these e-commerce ventures have become vital sources of revenue, especially for
those tribes whose remote locations inhibit their ability to operate successful
casinos. Revenue from lending accounts for roughly half of the Otoe-Missouria
Tribe's nonfederal budget, according to a court filing.

''Every Indian tribe worth its salt has to provide health care, public safety,
education and a panoply of essential services to its members,'' said Matthew L.
M. Fletcher, a law professor at Michigan State University and an authority on
Indian law. ''These tribes must reach off the reservation to conduct business
because there is a desperate need for revenue.''

But New York regulators say that business violates state law. After Mr. Lawsky
sent his ''cease and desist'' letters, New York's attorney general,Eric T.
Schneiderman, filed a lawsuit against Western Sky Financial, an online lending
business operated on the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation in Eagle Butte, S.D.
Last week, Western Sky, based in Timber Lake, S.D., suspended its operations and
laid off nearly 100 employees. An affiliated business, Cash Call, remains in
operation. Western Sky has also accused New York State of overreaching.

A lawyer representing Western Sky, Katya Jestin of Jenner & Block, said that her
client would move to dismiss the lawsuit next week on similar grounds as the
tribes that had already brought action against Mr. Lawsky.

''Consumers voluntarily entered into the loans and agreed when they signed the
loan agreements to be bound by the laws and the courts of the Cheyenne River
tribe,'' Ms. Jestin said. ''New York's lawsuit is an attempt to sidestep these
agreements.''

The concept of tribal sovereignty predates the formation of the United States,
and is preserved in treaties between the federal government and Indian tribes.
While Congress can regulate the affairs of tribes and limit their sovereignty,
states lack that power.

Lawyers for the tribes argue that Congress, when it passed the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street regulatory law in 2010, could have chosen to exercise authority over
tribal nations' lending businesses. Instead, Dodd-Frank placed states and tribes
on equal footing under federal consumer-finance regulations. The law, said the
tribes' lawyers in a court filing, ''explicitly refused to subjugate tribal
lenders to the jurisdiction of the states.''

The tribes liken online lending businesses to their gambling operations. They
argue that New York State should not be able to stop its residents from
voluntarily reaching out for high interest-rate loans, just as a state's
anti-gambling laws cannot forbid tribal casinos from serving New York residents
who travel to them. And each tribe says that it has created its own regulatory
authority.

Loan industry specialists noted that if the tribes were barred from doing
business in New York, they could still issue high interest-rate loans to
consumers elsewhere. Payday loans -- named because they are often secured by the
borrower's next paycheck -- are illegal in just 15 states. The tribal businesses
could also issue loans in New York State at no more than the state's maximum
interest rate of 16 percent.

Regulators across the country are also concerned about the so-called
rent-a-tribe issue. In those cases, rogue payday lenders have associated with
American Indians, using tribal sovereignty as a shield to make predatory loans
beyond the reach of state usury laws.

Investigators are also examining the role of the banks in providing the capital
for the tribes to conduct their lending businesses.

Mr. Lawsky's office appears interested in these issues. On Wednesday, Garrett
Coyle, a lawyer in the New York attorney general's office, told the judge that
New York would like to further examine the sources of the tribes' financing, and
whether these lending businesses ''are bona fide arms of their respective
tribes.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/09/11/indian-tribes-press-their-online-
loan-case-against-new-york/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Katya Jestin, a lawyer for Western Sky Financial, an online
lender sued by New York's attorney general, said the suit tried to sidestep loan
agreements. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHESTER HIGGINS JR./THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Meetings: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 813  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  Action



 Notice of public meeting.

 Summary



 This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the fourth meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and
will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA
programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting
will be open to the public.



 Dates



 The teleconference meeting will be held on September 1, 2016. The meeting will
be open to the public with time set aside for public comment at approximately
1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. The OTR will make the agenda available to the public via
the OTR Web site http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business
days before the meeting and at the meeting.

 Addresses



 The meeting will be conducted using teleconference technology. This meeting
will not be convened in person. Participants interested in joining this meeting
may dial 1-877-369-5243 or 1-617-668-3633. Any modification to this number will
be accessible online at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.



 Written Comments: Written comments may be submitted to: Josiah Griffin, Acting
Designated Federal Officer, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg., 501-A,
Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
Josiah.Griffin@osec.usda.gov

 For Further Information Contact



 Questions should be directed to the CNAFR Contact Person: Josiah Griffin,
Acting Designated Federal Officer, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten Bldg.,
501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email:
Josiah.Griffin@osec.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA),
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.



 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA loan and grant programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to USDA regulations or internal guidance
or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program participation for
Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods of maximizing the
number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by USDA loan and grant
programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy services; (4) to
examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to mitigate the
effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA programs; (5)
to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or ranching opportunities for
Native American producers; and (6) to address other related issues as deemed
appropriate.



 Interested persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues relating
to agenda topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted to the
contact person on or before August 29, 2016. Oral presentations from the public
will be heard approximately 1:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. on September 1, 2016. Those
individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the
contact person and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue
they wish to present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by
August 29, 2016. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5)
minutes depending on the number of participants.



 The OTR will also make the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
contact Josiah Griffin, at least 5 business days in advance of the meeting.

 Leslie Wheelock,

 Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

 [FR Doc. 2016-19929 Filed 8-19-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Colorado's Ute Indian Tribe First to Receive Triple-A Rating

                             June 7, 2001, Thursday

By Elizabeth Albanese

DATELINE: DALLAS



The Southern Ute Indian Tribe, headquartered in Ignacio, Colo., became the first
Native American tribal government to receive a triple-A sovereign rating after
Fitch yesterday announced its analysts had given the credit its highest general
obligation rating.

Fitch analyst Katherine McManus said she was unsure if this was the first rating
of its kind because most tribal deals are private placements with ratings not
available to the public.

"As such, we have not been privy to all of the tribal deals that have happened,"
she said. "But I can tell you this is the first one we've done, and it's the
first one we've seen to get these marks."

Tribal officials said there have been casino revenue bonds issued by tribal
governments that have received ratings of triple B-minus, but this is the first
public tribal credit rating for general obligation debt that has been above
investment grade, let alone triple-A.

The tribe expects to parlay the rating news into a well-received sale of about
$75 million of GOs in the next two months. Proceeds from the sale would pay for
several projects, including a detention center, infrastructure such as water and
sewer lines and plants, and a private school that would be operated by the
tribe.

Most of the work on these projects has already begun, financed by a bridging
loan from Bank One, officials said. They added the upcoming deal would probably
be privately placed, because at this point they don't feel it's necessary to
take the steps of registering with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
applying for a bank letter of credit.

"We're obviously elated by the news," said John Jurrius, president of Jurrius
Enterprises and the financial adviser for the tribe. "We're an anomaly compared
to other tribes -- it's unusual for a tribe to be run like corporate America,
and that's what we do here."

Jurrius said tribal leaders retained his services about 10 years ago to help
them put together a sound fiscal plan.

"Tribal leaders knew they wanted to help diversify their finances because the
majority of their assets are based on mineral assets, which are being depleted,"
he said. "But you have to remember that while all tribes are taught to be a
government, unlike other forms of government, they have no tax base. It's like
going to the Walgreen's on the corner and saying, 'okay, you get to be a
government now, but you also have to pay for roads and water and sewer for your
whole block here, but you can't levy any taxes.' It's not exactly a recipe for
success."

The report, written by Fitch analysts McManus, Jessalynn Moro, Janet Martin,
Jason Dickerson, and Sean Sexton, indicated that part of the high credit marks
could be attributed to the tribe's successful financial plan. The Ute government
has not only a growth fund to pay for development, but also a permanent fund
that could be likened to a university endowment or the Texas Permanent School
Fund.

"As this fund grows, it could be used to provide security for debt for
perpetuity," Moro said.

Jurrius said the tribe has adopted fiscal strategies usually only employed by
corporations to ensure liquidity.

"They've worked hard to make their vision for growth a reality," he said. "They
now have over $1 billion of liquidity, and I expect them to be able to play with
the highest players in the bond market. I expect the market to meet them on the
same grounds they would any triple-A rated credit."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 588 words

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Katherine McMannus

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Announces Electric System Improvements in 25
States

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $1.8 billion in
funding for electric utility infrastructure projects in 25 states and one
territory to improve service for more than 37,000 rural customers. The projects
include more than $45 million for smart grid technology, $73 million for
renewable energy projects and over $213 million targeted to benefit Native
Americans. This funding will build or improve more than 6,500 miles of line to
deliver electricity to rural America.

"Rural electric cooperatives have provided reliable, affordable power to rural
communities for more than 75 years. Today's investments will help ensure our
electric infrastructure continues to deliver reliable and affordable electricity
for years to come," Vilsack said. "This funding is part of the Obama
Administration's vision for a new rural energy economy and USDA's commitment to
creating economic opportunity in rural America. Investments in smart grid
technologies will continue to modernize our nation's electric system and improve
operational efficiencies."

Today's funding announcement is provided through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Utilities Service Program.

Among the projects being funded is the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority, which
serves rural electric consumers in Arizona, New Mexico, and Utah. The utility
will receive funding of nearly $168 million to build approximately 1,215 miles
of line, invest in smart grid technologies and make other system improvements.
Nearly 3,800 rural electric consumers in the three states will see direct
benefits from this investment. Of the $168 million in funding, more than $166
million will serve Native Americans.

In North Dakota, the Nodak Electric Cooperative will receive a loan of $31
million to serve 920 consumers, build 450 miles of line, and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $2.4 million for smart grid projects and
$540,000 for service to Native Americans.

In Alabama, Covington Electric Cooperative will receive a $42.5 million loan
guarantee to construct 539 miles of line and make other system improvements,
including $8,000 for smart grid applications. These funds will increase electric
system reliability for approximately 5,400 rural Alabama customers.

Alabama, Arizona and North Dakota are part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural
Growth and Opportunity which leverages community resources in persistent poverty
areas in targeted states.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm
and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying
that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon
as possible.

Look here for a list of rural electric utilities that will receive USDA funding,
contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 30, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Amid crushing poverty, glimmers of hope // S.D. county plans for its
rejuvenation

BYLINE: Linda Kanamine

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1238 words

DATELINE: PINE RIDGE INDIAN RESERVATION, S.D.


There are no televisions, and one cabin is uninhabitable, but to Alma Brewer,
buying the Wolfcreek Hotel - this reservation's only visitor lodging - was a
good risk for the nearly unheard- of chance to be her own boss.

But after a year of slow business and unending repairs left her unable to meet a
$ 10,000 government loan payment, a teary-eyed Brewer says she has been forced
to close.

''Now I'm 50, out of a job, out of a home and without any retirement,'' she
says.

Her plight is symptomatic of Shannon County's dubious new distinction: The 1990
Census says Shannon County, wholly on tribal lands, has the nation's highest
poverty rate. More than 63% of residents live in poverty, an astounding leap
from 1980's rate of 44.7%.

Shannon County's population is 95% Native American.

But, statistics don't really express the realities of this nation of 30,000
Oglala Sioux, most of them residents of the 900,000-acre reservation.

Unemployment has been as high as 90%, but the signs of deep-rooted economic
decay are subtle: The homeless don't sleep or panhandle along the streets;
reservation families feed those without food.

Some houses desperately need repair; many have six or more cars outside to
accommodate extended families within.

''It's unconscionable that this kind of poverty exists,'' says tribal Executive
Director Mike Her Many Horses.

He blames the poverty jump on a 50% rise in reservation population since 1980,
coupled with a drop in federal funding. A moccasin factory and a plastics
factory closed, and more than 200 people lost jobs.

Yet tribal leaders look hopefully to a burgeoning economic boom. ''There's a
real rejuvenation going on,'' Her Many Horses says.

Next year, a new hospital will open with 200 new jobs, and construction will
start on a new high school.

In 1986, a new slate of mostly younger council members promised to launch some
ambitious development plans. The centerpiece: a casino-resort.

''We're talking a $ 9 million (operation). It will be one of the biggest
economic opportunities to ever come our way,'' says Councilman G. Wayne Tapio,
who heads the tribal finance committee.

But don't look for Disneyland here.

The reservation intends to cash in on its awesome natural attractions and
historic sites: Badlands National Park, an array of pastel-tinted gorges and
arches in the desert terrain, carved by millions of years of erosion. And
Wounded Knee, site of the 1890 massacre of 300 Sioux men, women and children by
7th Cavalry soldiers.

Other options include a tribal shopping mall, leasing to a chain grocery store,
department store and shops. And encouraging non-Indian companies to build
hotels.

''We're trying to create a climate for individual entrepreneurs to realize their
dreams,'' Her Many Horses says.

Leading the wave 30 miles north of Pine Ridge, Emma ''Pinky'' Clifford hustles
around her expanding store, the only shop for miles around.

She bought the store eight years ago when it was a trailer home and a gas pump,
then got a federal loan to rebuild.

''I didn't know the awesome responsibility,'' she says, surprised by the success
of the food-gas-laundromat-videotape place that is now the heart of the small
town.

But there are some who think a business boom should be on the shoulders of
individuals, not tribal government.

Rosalie and Bob Benson, with a cadre of reservation residents, have joined
forces to launch their own economic development schemes. The first project: an
artists' cooperative.

Bob Benson, a self-employed painter, says, ''It's a way of getting the
reservation back.''

Leatrice ''Chick'' Big Crow is the latest business owner. In memory of her late
daughter, popular high school basketball star and honors student Suanne Big
Crow, she opened a recreation center in May.

The 1950s-style soda shop and teen club ''gives kids an alternative to drugs and
alcohol, and an incentive that they can do whatever they put their minds to,''
she says.

Ask for proof that conditions are improving, and Lakota College librarian Ted
Hamilton says enrollment at the reservation school of more than 1,000 has
doubled since 1985.

''We're seeing people majoring in business, accounting, medical fields,'' he
says. ''And 85% of our graduates never leave the reservation. They're not
getting degrees to leave.''

Yet, among kids, nearly half the 3,762 students enrolled now will drop out
before graduating from high school, some as early as the seventh grade.

''That's a damaged labor force,'' says Randy Plume of the tribe's education
office.

But senior Ann Marie Cross, 17, says kids here know the score.

''It's always been poor here,'' she says. ''But I don't wake up in the morning
and say, 'I'm poor.' We have other qualities.''

The poorest counties

A look at the nation's poorest counties in 1980 and 1990, by percentage of
people below the federal poverty line, defined as an income of up to $ 13,924
for family of four:
County/parish         1980      County/parish        1990
Tunica, Miss.         52.9%      Shannon, S.D.       63.1%
Starr, Texas          50.6%      Starr, Texas        60.0%
Owsley, Ky.           48.3%      Tunica, Miss.       56.8%
Holmes, Miss.         46.9%      East Carroll, La.   56.8%
Greene, Ala.          45.7%      Holmes, Miss.       53.2%
Wilcox, Ala.          45.3%      Owsley, Ky.         52.1%
Lowndes, Ala.         45.0%      Ziebach, S.D.       51.1%
Humphreys, Miss.      44.7%      Maverick, Texas     50.4%
Shannon, S.D.         44.7%      Zavala, Texas       50.4%
Lee, Ark.             44.3%      Todd, S.D.          50.2%
Sharkey, Miss.        44.0%      Issaquena, Miss.    49.3%
Perry, Ala.           43.8%      Dimmit, Texas       48.9%
Ziebach, S.D.         43.7%      Menominee, Wis.     48.7%
Todd, S.D.            43.5%      Presidio, Texas     48.1%
Tallahatchie, Miss.   43.5%      Sharkey, Miss.      47.5%
Hancock, Tenn.        43.0%      Sioux, N.D.         47.4%
Madison, La.          42.7%      Lee, Ark.           47.3%
Buffalo, S.D.         42.5%      Apache, Ariz.       47.1%
Clay, Ky.             42.4%      Jefferson, Miss.    46.9%
East Carroll, La.     41.8%      Tensas, La.         46.3%
Corson, S.D.          41.5%      Humphreys, Miss.    45.9%
Quitman, Miss.        41.4%      Greene, Ala.        45.6%
Tensas, La.           41.2%      McCreary, Ky.       45.5%
Jefferson, Miss.      41.1%      Coahoma, Miss.      45.5%
Clay, Ga.             40.7%      Wilcox, Ala.        45.2%

Living in poverty
Shannon County, on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, has the
nation's highest poverty rate -- 63.1%. Percentage of people in the USA living
below the poverty line:
All persons        13.1%
Native Americans   30.9%
Blacks             29.5%
Hispanics(1)       25.3%
Asians             14.1%
Whites              9.8%

Note: In 1991, the Census Bureau considered a family of four with an income of $
13,924 or below in poverty.
1 -- Hispanics can be of any race.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Marcia Staimer, USA TODAY, Source: Census Bureau (Bar
graph, Map, Chart); PHOTOS, b/w, Johnny Sundby (3)

CUTLINE: HER MANY HORSES: Director calls poverty 'unconscionable.' CUTLINE:
'AWESOME RESPONSIBILITY': With help from a federal loan, Emma 'Pinky' Clifford's
store grew from a trailer home and a gas pump to a multiservice establishment at
the heart of her community. CUTLINE: NATURAL ASSETS: The Ogala Sioux on the
reservation hope to cash in on the breathtaking scenery of the Black Hills.

POVERTY IN AMERICA; See sidebar; Money vs. promised land // Sioux tribes spurn
cash for sacred Black Hills; See info boxes at end of text

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 12, 1994

Two Montana Tribes Profitably Are Operating Lake Resort

BYLINE: By MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 777 words

DATELINE: POLSON, Mont.


The Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes successfully have developed and
profitably operated a resort here for the last two years in what is being
pointed to as a model for Native American economic development.

The $ 6.5-to-$ 7 million resort, called KwaTakNuk, carrying the flag of the Best
Western chain, is located on Flathead Lake in northwest Montana and has 112
rooms, a restaurant, a conference center, a gift shop, indoor and outdoor pools,
and a marina.

The KwaTakNuk resort was built through the business development arm of the
tribes and was financed both by tribal equity financing and a bank loan 90%
guaranteed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs.

In a strategy taken from some Hawaiian transactions, the tribes protected
themselves through a lease arrangement from losing tribal land in even of a
default.

Tom Acevedo, chief operations officer of the Council of Energy Resource Tribes,
who has been a consultant to the tribes on the resort, told a CERT symposium
meeting at KwaTakNuk that the tribes set up a separate corporation to handle the
project, in effect changing the way they do business.

Previously, he said, the tribes had set up business ventures -- that in
actuality were jobs programs -- 100% financed internally.  But when they were
approached by outsiders to do a resort/condo project on the site of the current
resort, the tribes set up S&K Development Corp. to put together a joint venture
with the other party.

S&K appointed a board of directors separate from the tribal council, which
included a banker from Ronan State Bank, another non-tribal member, and three
members of the tribes.

S&K eventually decided the joint venture didn't have enough long-term advantages
and bought out its partner.  Then it decided to develop the current project.

"Everybody was skeptical," Mr. Acevedo told the CERT symposium, because "the
tribes had never done a successful business project."

It took S&K a year and a half to get the financing.  A second visit to the local
commercial bank here in Polson.  First Citizens Bank, it finally was successful.

The tribes agreed to put up half the money in an equity financing.  The bank
then loaned the other half of the initial financing, with the Bureau of Indian
Affairs providing a guarantee on 90% of the amount.

S&K Development leased the resort land from the tribal government, for 99 years.
In the event of a default, the lender gets the right to lease the property for
the rest of the term, or until the debt is satisfied.

This way, Mr. Acevedo said, the tribes would not lose control of the land.  This
has been a key concern of tribes and part of the reason that doing mortgages on
tribal trust lands has been very difficult.

KwaTakNuk has been open a little more than two years now, and Mr. Acevedo said
it has been profitable in both years.

The Salish and Kootenai business enterprises have all been chartered under the
tribes' sovereign government.  At one point this led to one of them having to
register with the state of Montana as a foreign corporation.

The tribes now have set up S&K Holding Co. to operate all their business
ventures.  These include S&K Electronics, which just has received an award from
the Small Business Administration.

Mr. Acevedo said S&K acquired the firm, changed management, and turned a profit
this year for the first time in the seven-year history of the firm.

S&K also has set up a construction project managing firm, Gray Wolf Construction
Co.

Gray Wolf has been involved in the tribes' latest project, a cultural center
based in nearby Pablo.

The People's Center is a more than $ 2 million project so far.  It is designed
as a "living museum" to tell the story of the Salish, Kootenai and Pend
d'Oreille tribes, which together make up the Flathead Nation.

According to the center's director, Shelly Fyant McClure, it got its start four
years ago with a $ 600,000 grant from the Administration for Native Americans, a
unit of the Department of Health and Human Services.

The tribes donated $ 750,000 for construction, well above the matching
requirement for the grant, and have since provided nearly $ 400,000 for
operations and other items, making a total commitment of more than $ 1 million.

The Army Corps of Engineers has provided grants of more than $ 150,000, to house
artifacts excavated from tribal sites.  And smaller grants of more than $ 30,000
have been received.  The Center also has a $ 125,000 loan from the tribes.

The center is scheduled to open to the public in October, and will feature
exhibits, educational programs, artists in residence programs, and a gift shop
selling the work of local artists.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

Indian tribes see economic growth beyond casinos

BYLINE: By BARBARA ARRIGONI - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 640 words


OROVILLE   Even through difficult economic times, American Indian tribes are a
growing economy and there are many opportunities for them to branch out beyond
gaming.

Those were two of the main points addressed Thursday afternoon at the Economic
Forecast Conference at Gold Country Casino in Oroville.

Tracey Stanhoff, who represented the American Indian Chamber of Commerce of
California, was one of five guest panelists for a session titled, "Native
American Economic Development: What are the keys to building sustainable Native
American businesses?"

Stanhoff said she was excited to have the opportunity to share "what we're doing
here in Indian Country."

"We have a great need to have American Indian people speaking on Native American
businesses," she told the audience. "We're trying to develop ourselves into
world-class global entrepreneurs."

The session, attended by people from Chico, Oroville, Willows and North
Highlands, was led by Don Krysakowski, assistant director of the Center for
Economic Development at Chico State University.

The Center for Economic Development is currently working on two efforts for
Indian tribes: developing the infrastructure to get high-speed Internet to the
111 tribes in California, and working with the U.S. Economic Development
Administration to identify 20 Northern California tribes to assist with economic
development strategies.

Another panelist, Craig Norte of the Federal Reserve Board, listed five barriers
to obtaining bank loans: land complexity in terms of legal issues, such as land
being held in a trust for a tribe; the lack a legal infrastructure; geographical
remoteness; lack of communication; and the low-to-moderate incomes and
"checkered credit" on reservations.

Armond Batiste of Maidu Investments, added that the tribes have great ideas, but
don't have "seed money" to get started.

"We're working with banks to get money to tribes, creating that wave that's
taken hold throughout the United States so that tribes can branch out of gaming
and into other economic opportunities," Batiste said.

Locally, some tribes are branching out and growing economically. Mooretown
Rancheria member Ken Gilbert, from the audience, said before 1996 there were
only two or three employees at the tribal office. Since the tribe opened its
gaming facility in 1996, the tribe now employs 77 people at the rancheria office
and 500 people at Feather Falls Casino.

"We are providing jobs for people in this community," he said. "We want to
continue to have this area prosper."

Mooretown also owns a mini-market, a hotel and a brewery, along with a newly
formed holdings board to look at other investment opportunities.

"We're looking to diversify, whether on the reservation or off the reservation,
which would generate jobs," Gilbert said.

Stanhoff said one of the things tribes have to do is separate the tribal
government from the business.

Another issue that came out during discussion was the emergence of politics in
tribal business.

Rabobank representative Fred Mendez said the bank has been working with a lot of
tribes, but that many aren't aware of the availability of resources on their
land.

He also said trying to underwrite a tribe is difficult.

Norte said that in his experience working with tribes, they'll probably never
get away from politics because tribes are families.

"Banks have to see stability," Norte added. "Tribes that have staggered terms on
the council is helpful."

Stanhoff said tribes are more sophisticated than people think.

"A lot of us can buy our own banks," she said. "A few tribes have done that."

Despite other obstacles mentioned during the session, a final comment from
Stanhoff struck a positive note:

"We are a very growing economy," she said. "We are the last growing economy in
rural America."

Staff writer Barbara Arrigoni can be reached at 533-3136 or
barrigoni@orovillemr.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 7, 1999

Washington Mutual to Offer HUD 184 Mortgage This Summer

BYLINE: By Mark Fogarty

LENGTH: 865 words

Washington, DC-Washington Mutual Bank this summer will begin to offer the
Department of Housing and Urban Development's section 184 guaranteed mortgage
for American Indians.

The nation's largest thrift, which services $ 163 billion of mortgages, will do
"as much as we can" of Indian business, according to Beth Castro, WaMu vice
president and manager, Community Reinvestment Program Development.

"The more the better," Ms. Castro said at a seminar of Indian mortgage lending
hosted by the Federal Housing Finance Board and the National American Indian
Housing Council. While she would not give any estimated volume of investment,
Ms. Castro said there was no cap or minimum for the program.

She mentioned the Spokane tribe of Washington as one that was "getting close" to
doing 184 business with the bank.

WaMu now has three channels it can make loans to Indian homebuyers through -
conventional lending, the Federal Housing Authority section 248 loan, and the
HUD 184. The thrift has made a couple of dozen Indian loans through the FHA 248
and its conventional lending experiment on individual trust land. It holds the
conventional loans in its own portfolio.

WaMu has committed to buying up to $ 25 million in mortgages made to members of
three Oklahoma tribes - the Choctaw, Cherokee, and Citizen Potawatomi - by First
Americans Mortgage of Kansas City. Freddie Mac and PMI Mortgage Insurance are
also partners in that program.

Ms. Castro said the thrift has closed about 20 mortgages in Oklahoma and has
more in the pipeline. Loans are also pending through the 248 and conventional
channels, she said.

Ms. Castro also said WaMu has sponsored three Northwest tribes for Affordable
Housing Program grants through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle.

The HUD 184 program has funded 520 mortgages to Indian borrowers as of April 30.
NAIHC has estimated the need for housing in Indian Country at 200,000 units -
which could add up to $ 20 billion in mortgages.

Jean Garrison, affordable housing consultant for PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. of
Illinois, said her company has committed to insuring $ 60 million "and growing"
of American Indian mortgages, through the WaMu deals and others. Another deal,
with the Chickasaw Nation of Oklahoma, garnered a Social Compact Award this
year.

Ms. Garrison said PMI hopes to be able to insure conventional mortgages to all
tribes nationwide.

Christopher Boesen, executive director of NAIHC, reported that the Southern Ute
tribe of Colorado has garnered a Low Income Housing Tax Credit allocation which
will finance the building of 50 units of affordable housing.

Several tribal entities reported success in partnering with lenders at the
FHFB/NAIHC seminar.

The Oneida Tribe of Wisconsin, for instance, has partnered with Associated Bank,
Bay Bank, Bank One and three local credit unions to bring mortgage finance to
its reservation near Green Bay.

Loretta Webster, staff attorney for the Oneida Tribe, reported that 139 "TLC"
home loans have closed since 1995. In these, the tribe contributes a 25%
downpayment, with the lender financing the rest. The tribe is able to fund the
contributions through proceeds of a very successful casino.

In addition, the tribe is aggressively repurchasing land within its original
reservation boundaries, and has sold 92 "Dream" homes it has acquired this way,
with the tribal member obtaining a mortgage from the tribe. Seventeen tribal
members also have obtained "Thrill" home improvement loans.

Norman A. Kallender, HOME Loan Director, Cook Inlet Housing Authority,
Anchorage, AK, also reported successful affiliations with private lenders such
as First National Bank of Anchorage and National Bank of Alaska.

His Indian Housing Authority (IHA), which handles the urban area of Anchorage
and seven tribal villages, has arranged 244 loans since 1993.

He described how the same $ 1 million investment leveraged 8 homes into 35 by
partnering with lenders. And now, a $ 2 million investment of NAHASDA money
(funds disbursed through the 1996 Native American Housing and Self Determination
Act) put 77 families and individuals into homes during an 18-month period.

In one program, CIHA provides a 20% buydown to the tribal borrower (who must be
at 80% of area median income) to eliminate the need for mortgage insurance. Then
it also makes a "gift" of 2% of the 5% downpayment required by its partner
Alaska Housing Finance Corp. The borrower then obtains a 75% loan-to-value
mortgage by making a 3% downpayment.

Its Rural Home Program targets even lower income borrowers, at 50% median or
less. Here, on a $ 120,000 home, CIHA would provide a $ 26,400 subsidy, AHFC
would provide another $ 25,000, the Federal Home Loan Bank Affordable Housing
Program would provide $ 10,000, the individual's tribe another $ 10,000, and the
borrower would obtain a $ 45,000 mortgage.

With such subsidies, a $ 734 monthly payment can be reduced to $ 203 per month.

Mr. Kallender said CIHA hopes to obtain $ 3 million in NAHASDA money this year
and use it to fund 100 HOME II loans, 50 rural loans, and 20 HUD 184s.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 5, 1999 Monday
                                  City Edition

"Empowerment' title means funds for tribe

BYLINE: DENISE ROSS Rapid City (S.D.) Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 619 words


PINE RIDGE -- It's not the kind of distinction a place would covet, but due to
the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation's high poverty rate -- even among Indian
reservations -- it was named one of five tribal "empowerment zones" by Congress
in January.

What that means is the tribe will get $20 million over 10 years to fund a plan
to spur economic development where unemployment is 73 percent. President Clinton
is scheduled to visit the reservation Wednesday to see one area that might be
helped by the empowerment zone programs.

"Within South Dakota, there were five applications for empowerment zones, and
nationally there were 160," said Dallas Tonsager, head of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development program in South Dakota. "Pine Ridge got the
designation because of the significant poverty levels -- there are serious,
serious problems -- and because they had a very good application."

The empowerment zone is named Oglala Oyate Woitancan, which means "the power of
the people." Other South Dakota applicants were the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe,
the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe and floodravaged Day
County.

None of the five rural empower ment zones has received any money yet, Tonager
said. The Oglala Sioux Tribe is assembling a 12-member board of directors, which
will include one member from each of the reservation's nine districts. In
addition, each district will have its own task force that will assist the "big
board" with the empowerment zone programs.

"This is a historic day for our people. Our future is in our hands," Tribal
Chairman Harold Salway wrote to tribal members recently. "Your children and
grandchildren can live better lives because of the district planning your
community does now."

A staff of three to five people will work with the board to achieve the goals
laid out in the tribe's 200-page application. Those goals include:

Creating 1,000 jobs by 2008.

Developing a Lakota Pride Shopping Center.

Preparing 35 potential homebuyers in each of the reservation's nine districts.

Organizing talking circles to strengthen families.

Training workers to run a manufacturing plant.

Within the 7,000-square-mile Pine Ridge reservation, Shannon County has a 73
percent unemployment rate and a 70 percent school dropout rate, according to the
White House Web site. The empowerment zone designation also gives the tribe
preferential treatment if it applies for other federal funds, Tonager said.

When the plan is put into motion, Rural Development staffers will monitor its
progress, Tonager said.

"It's a very wide-open program, but it does require communities to set out
goals," he said. "We require them to do a plan, and we keep them on track."

The Oglala Oyate Woitancan empowerment zone will be the second such area in
South Dakota. Four years ago, a 1,000-square-mile area in Spink and Beadle
counties was one of 30 places nationwide named an "enterprise community," which
earned it a $2.9 million federal grant. The enterprise community has a
population of 4,300 and includes the towns of Iroquois, Cavour, Yale, Tulare,
Doland and Frankfurt.

The community's executive director, Lori Hintz, said the group turned the $2.9
million into a revolving loan fund.

"We made ourselves self-sustainable. We run totally off our interest. Our
revolving loan fund is for business, rural development, housing and livestock
programs," Hintz said. "We are improving the quality of life more than we're
increasing the population."

Currently, most loan interest rates are between 5 percent and 6 percent, with
some as low as 1 percent, Hintz said. By the end of 1998, the group had awarded
127 loans, including 39 business loans, and parlayed its $2.9 million into $4.3
million, she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                             May 26, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Housing plant plan falls apart

BYLINE: The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 186  words


A business proposal by the Shuswap Nation Tribal Council to develop a
manufacturing plant for First Nations housing has collapsed and a federal loan
is no longer available.

Western Economic Diversification offered a $550,000 loan to a consortium of
Shuswap Nation Tribal Council (SNTC) and Nexbuild Manufacturing Ltd. last year.

The offer was part of the federal softwood industry community adjustment
program. The plant at Mount Paul Industrial Park was expected to employ 40
native workers building 300 prefabricated houses a year for First Nations people
across B.C.

Phil Lindsay, general manager of Community Futures Development Corp. in
Kamloops, said the softwood program wrapped up and any new deal would have to be
through another federal initiative.

"Shuswap Nation Tribal Council felt there wasn't enough time within the
agreement and declined the offer," Lindsay said.

Tribal council chairman Nathan Matthew wasn't available for comment.

The largest loan in this region under the softwood program, $1.7 million, was
awarded to Interact Wood Products, which operates a value-added manufacturing
plant in Vavenby.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Cherokee farmers in Oklahoma receive first checks from $760 million Keepseagle
lawsuit settlement

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374  words


Hundreds of Cherokee farmers in Oklahoma received checks for $50,000 each this
week as part of the settlement of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack lawsuit that alleged
discrimination on the part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"This is something we have diligently worked on for 15 years," said Cherokee
Principal Chief Bill John Baker. "It was based on the federal government not
fulfilling their promises to Cherokee farmers. "

Some 1,100 Native American farmers in northeastern Oklahoma filed claims against
USDA, more than anywhere else in the country, said tribal representative Alicia
Seyler, who assisted with the loans through the Intertribal Agricultural
Council.

Plaintiffs in the legal action claimed that the USDA denied thousands of Native
American farmers and ranchers opportunities to receive farm loans or loan
servicing that were afforded to others. They also contended that the federal
agency did not do outreach to Native Americans to provide them with the
technical assistance needed to prepare applications for such programs.

"For years Councilor Joe Byrd and I repeatedly brought up the issue in
Washington, D.C., and they finally recognized the problem and fixed it," said
Baker. "These funds will provide much-needed assistance to Cherokee farmers and
ranchers and have a major economic impact on the Cherokee Nation. "

The lawsuit class includes Native Americans who farmed or ranched between Jan.
1, 1981 and Nov. 24, 1999, sought or attempted to seek a farm loan from the USDA
and complained of discrimination during the same period.

Individuals qualifying as class members were eligible for payments of $50,000 or
more and forgiveness of some or all outstanding USDA loans.

Those who received checks were part of what were categorized as Track A claims.
Those with Track B claims, which were deemed more severe, will be notified by
mail by the end of October.

Baker said officials with some banks have expressed alarm at so many recipients
coming into financial institutions with checks for such large amounts.

"I hope all of our local banks recognize these checks are legitimate and work
with our farmers to process their funds," he said.

The lawsuit was settled in 2010. The deadline for filing claims was Dec. 27 of
last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2015 Arizona Board of Regents
              Arizona Journal of International and Comparative Law

                                Symposium, 2015

              Arizona Journal of International and Comparative Law

                       32 Ariz. J. Int'l & Comp. Law 257

LENGTH: 10377 words

A CELEBRATION OF THE NOBLE PEACE PRIZE NOMINATION OF JAMES ANAYA FOR HIS WORK AS
THE UNITED NATIONS SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES:
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES ON THE
SITUATION OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

NAME: S. James Anaya

TEXT:
 [*52]  SUMMARY

   In this report the Special Rapporteur examines the human rights situation of
indigenous peoples in the United States, on the basis of research and
information gathered, including during a visit to the country from 23 April to 4
May 2012. During his mission, the Special Rapporteur held consultations with
United States officials as well as with indigenous peoples, tribes, and nations
in Washington, D.C., Arizona, Alaska, Oregon, Washington state; South Dakota and
Oklahoma, both in Indian country and in urban areas. Appendices I and II to this
report include, respectively, summaries of information provided by the
Government and of information submitted by indigenous peoples, organizations and
individuals in connection with the mission.

   The Special Rapporteur concludes that indigenous peoples in the United States
-- including American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian peoples --
constitute vibrant communities that have contributed greatly to the life of the
country; yet they face significant challenges that are related to widespread
historical wrongs, including broken treaties and acts of oppression, and
misguided government policies, that today manifest themselves in various
indicators of disadvantage and impediments to the exercise of their individual
and collective rights.

   Significant federal legislation and programmes that have been developed over
the last few decades, in contrast to early exercises of federal power based on
misguided policies, constitute good practices that in significant measure
respond to indigenous peoples' concerns. Especially to be commended are the many
new initiatives taken by the executive to advance the rights of indigenous
peoples in the last few years.

   The Special Rapporteur finds, however, that existing federal programmes need
to be improved upon and their execution made more effective. Moreover, new
measures are needed to advance toward reconciliation with indigenous peoples and
address persistent deep-seated problems related to historical wrongs, failed
policies of the past and continuing systemic barriers to the full realization of
indigenous peoples' rights.

   The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples is an
important impetus and guide for improving upon existing measures to address the
concerns of indigenous peoples in the United States, and for developing new
measures to advance toward reconciliation. The Declaration, which is grounded in
widespread consensus and fundamental human rights values, should be a benchmark
for all relevant decision-making by the federal executive, Congress, and the
judiciary, as well as by the states of the United States. The Special Rapporteur
makes a series of recommendations in this regard.

   The Special Rapporteur would like to thank the United States Government,
especially the Department of State, for the cooperation it provided for the
mission. He would also like to express his deep gratitude to representatives of
indigenous peoples, nongovernmental organizations and academic institutions --
named in appendix II-- whose assistance in planning and carrying out of this
visit was  [*53]  indispensible. The Special Rapporteur is grateful to the
indigenous peoples that welcomed him into their communities and for the
hospitality he received. Finally, the Special Rapporteur is grateful to the
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Support Project for the
Special Rapporteur on Indigenous Peoples at the University of Arizona for their
assistance in carrying out the mission and preparing this report.

I. THE INDIGENOUS PEOPLES OF THE UNITED STATES

   1. The indigenous peoples of the United States include a vast array of
distinct groups that fall under the generally accepted designation of Native
Americans, which include American Indians and Alaska Natives; also included are
the people indigenous to Hawaii, or Native Hawaiians. These indigenous peoples
form tribes or nations -- terms used interchangeably in this report -- and other
communities with distinctive cultural and political attributes.

A. The diverse indigenous nations, tribes and communities

   2. Broadly speaking, Native Americans living in the contiguous United States
constitute tribes or nations with diverse cultural and ethnic characteristics
that can be grouped geographically. Linguistic families and other cultural
markers, however, cross rough geographic categories, and within these categories
differences abound. For historical and other reasons, Alaska Natives and Native
Hawaiians are considered distinct from Native Americans in the contiguous United
States.

   3. The United States presently recognizes and maintains what it refers to as
govemment-to-government relations with approximately 566 American Indian and
Alaska Native tribes and villages, around 230 of these being Alaskan Native
groups. For the most part each of these tribes and villages determines its own
membership. While having some form of federal recognition, Native Hawaiians do
not have a similar status under United States law as that of American Indians
and Alaska Native groups. Many other groups in the United States that identify
as indigenous peoples have not been federally recognized, although some of these
have achieved recognition at the state level.

   4. It is estimated that prior to colonization, the indigenous population
within the territory that now constitutes the United States numbered several
million, and represented diverse cultures and societies speaking hundreds of
languages and dialects. After the arrival of Europeans, the indigenous
population suffered significant decline due to the effects of disease, war,
enslavement and forced relocations.

   5. Today, according to United States census data people who identify as
Native American represent approximately 1.7 per cent of the overall population
of the United States, with 5.2 million persons identifying as American Indian or
[*54]  Alaska Native, either alone or in combination with one or more other
races.  n1 It should be noted that this number significantly exceeds the number
of those who are enrolled or registered members of federally recognized
indigenous groups. In addition, there are roughly a half a million persons that
identify entirely or partly as Native Hawaiians.

   6. Characteristically, the federally recognized tribes have reservations or
other lands that have been left to or set aside for them, and over which they
exercise powers of self-government. While the land holdings vary significantly
among the tribes, in all cases they pale in comparison to the land areas once
under their possession or control. Still, the diminished landholdings provide
some physical space and material bases for the tribes to maintain their cultures
and political institutions, and to develop economically.

   7. While many indigenous persons live on reservations or other
Native-controlled land areas, many others live in urban areas beyond the
boundaries of indigenous lands. It is quite common, however, for indigenous
persons living in urban areas to maintain close ties to the land-based
communities of the tribes with which they are affiliated, and to develop bonds
of community with other indigenous persons in their urban settings.

   8. Several indigenous peoples live in border areas and face unique
challenges, especially tribes living along the United States-Mexico border,
where heightened border security measures implemented by the federal Government
in recent years have increasingly made cross-border contact between members of
the same tribes very difficult.

B. The contributions of indigenous peoples to the broader society, despite
negative stereotypes

   9. Within the United States stereotypes persist that tend to render Native
Americans relics of the past, perpetuated by the use of Indian names by
professional and other high-profile sports teams, caricatures in the popular
media and even mainstream education on history and social studies. Throughout
his mission, the Special Rapporteur heard complaints from indigenous
representatives about such stereotypes, and about how they obscure understanding
of the reality of Native Americans today and instead help to keep alive racially
discriminatory attitudes.

   10. Beyond the stereotypes, one readily sees vibrant indigenous communities,
both in reservation and other areas, including urban areas, which have
contributed to the building of the country and continue to contribute to the
broader society. Of course their greatest contribution is in the vast expanses
of land that they gave up, through treaty cessions and otherwise, without which
the  [*55]  United States and its economic base would not exist. Native
Americans have also added to the defence and security of the United States and
are represented among the ranks of the United States military services at a rate
higher than that of any other ethnic group.

   11. Today, indigenous peoples in the United States face multiple
disadvantages, which are related to the long history of wrongs and misguided
policies that have been inflicted upon them. Nonetheless, American Indians,
Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians have survived as peoples, striving to
develop with their distinct identities intact, and to maintain and transmit to
future generations their material and cultural heritage. While doing so, they
add a cultural depth and grounding that, even while often going unnoticed by the
majority society, is an important part of the country's collective heritage.
Further, the knowledge that they retain about the country's landscapes and the
natural resources on them, along with their ethic of stewardship of the land,
are invaluable assets to the country, even if not fully appreciated.

II. UNITED STATES LAW AND POLICY REGARDING INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   12. Laws and policies related to indigenous peoples have developed over
centuries since the colonial era, and today they comprise a complex array of
decisions by the United States Congress, the executive branch of the federal
Government and the federal courts, in particular the United States Supreme
Court.

A. The basic framework

   13. The Constitution of the United States (1787) makes little reference to
indigenous peoples, the principal mention being in its article I, section 8,
which provides Congress the power to "regulate commerce with ...with the Indian
Tribes." This provision signals that, within the federal structure of government
of the United States, competency over matters relating to indigenous peoples
rests at the federal, as opposed to state, level.

   14. Looking beyond the constitutional text to historical practice, the
colonial era law of nations and reason, the United States Supreme Court
established, in a series of early 19th century cases, foundational principles
about the rights and status of Indian tribes that largely endure today. Supreme
Court doctrine recognizes that Indian tribes are inherently sovereign with
powers of self-government; indeed they are "nations" with original rights over
their ancestral lands. Within this same body of doctrine, however, the
sovereignty and original land rights of tribes are deemed necessarily diminished
and subordinated to the power of United States, as a result of discovery or
conquest by the European colonial powers or the successor United States.

    [*56]  15. The federal power to regulate commerce with the Indian tribes is
thereby enlarged to one that is deemed plenary in nature and that can be used to
unilaterally modify or extinguish tribal sovereignty or land rights. This power
is also related to and justified by a duty of protection the federal Government
is deemed to have over Indian tribes, in a so-called trusteeship. In all, tribes
are sovereign nations with certain inherent powers of self-government and
original rights, but they are rendered, in words penned by the famous Supreme
Court Justice John Marshall, "domestic dependent nations," subject to the
overriding power of the federal Government.

   16. While acknowledging positive characteristics of the rights-affirming
strain of this judicial doctrine, the Special Rapporteur notes that the
rights-limiting strain of this doctrine is out of step with contemporary human
rights values. As demonstrated by a significant body of scholarly work, the use
of notions of discovery and conquest to find Indians rights diminished and
subordinated to plenary congressional power is linked to colonial era attitudes
toward indigenous peoples that can only be described as racist. Early Supreme
Court decisions themselves reveal perceptions of Indians as backward, conquered
peoples, with descriptions of them as savages and an inferior race.

   17. At times, however, the Supreme Court and lower courts have been
protective of indigenous peoples' rights by affirming original Indian rights to
the extent consistent with operative doctrine, or more often by enforcing treaty
terms, legislation, or executive decisions that are themselves protective of
indigenous rights.

B. The evolution of federal policy and legislation

   18. Federal legislative and executive action, in the exercise of the broad
authority over indigenous affairs affirmed by the Supreme Court, has evolved
over time along with shifting policy objectives shaped by historical
circumstances and prevailing attitudes of the time.

   19. After achieving its independence, the United States continued the
practice that had been established by Great Britain and other colonial powers of
treaty-making with Indian tribes. These treaties were means both by which the
United States or its colonial precursors acquired land from Indian tribes, as
well as means by which the tribes retained rights over lands and resources not
ceded. The treaties, moreover, dealt with diverse issues and provided a
foundation for the United States' relations with tribes on the basis of their
recognition as nations with inherent sovereignty.

   20. Although the United States ceased dealing with Indian tribes through
treaties in 1871, after having consolidated its control over the territory it
had acquired across the continent, many of the historical treaties with tribes
continue in force as part of federal law and to define United States-tribal
relations. At the same time, numerous flagrant violations of historical treaties
constitute some of the principal wrongdoings committed by the United States
towards indigenous  [*57]  peoples, which was a recurring subject of concern
raised to the Special Rapporteur during his visit.

   21. Subsequent to the end of the treaty-making era, United States law and
policy was characterized by a series of steps aimed at acculturating indigenous
peoples in the ways of the dominant society and diluting or eliminating their
sovereignty and collective rights over lands and resources. In the late
nineteenth century, a vast government bureaucracy emerged under a United States
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to consolidate and manage the system of
reservations, pueblos, rancherias and settlements that were home to the
surviving indigenous peoples in the country.

   22. Under the Dawes General Allotment Act of 1887, tribal landholdings were
broken up into individual plots that could become alienable, which eventually
resulted in a substantial further loss of Indian land and a complex system of
interspersed Indian and non-Indian titled land that now characterizes tenure
within many reservations. The Dawes Act resulted in even greater impoverishment
and social upheaval among the tribes, and thus, after conferring United States
citizenship on all Indians in 1924, Congress passed the Indian Reorganization
Act of 1934 as a major reform measure.

   23. The Indian Reorganization Act included provisions to secure the Indian
land base from further erosion and provided for establishing reservation-based
governments akin to local municipalities under the authority of the Secretary of
Interior of the federal Government, on the basis of model constitutions that
were developed by the Secretary. While providing a degree of self-government,
the Act was considered a transitional measure to prepare the Indians for, in the
words of its chief architect, United States Indian Commissioner John Collier,
"real assimilation."  n2 Many Indian tribes today continue under the IRA regime.

   24. In the 1950s the United States Government attempted to complete its
programme of assimilation with Congress's adoption of a formal policy of
"termination,"  n3 which involved steps to end the special status of Indian
tribes and convert their lands to private ownership. The termination policy was
eventually abandoned, but not before several tribes lost federal recognition and
their self-governing status, and saw their landholdings dissipate, with
invariably devastating social and economic consequences that are still apparent
today.

C. The contemporary federal legislative and policy regime

   25. In the face of past federal programmes of assimilation and acculturation,
Native Americans continued to make clear their determination, as they still do,
to hold on to and recover their own distinctive cultures and institutions of
self-government  [*58]  as a basis for their development and place in the world.
With this resolve eventually came a change in federal policy, as it moved to
reflect, if not entirely accommodate, indigenous peoples' own aspirations. In
1970, the President of the United States advanced this change in a message to
Congress, in which he affirmed, "The time has come to break decisively with the
past and to create the conditions for a new era in which the Indian future is
determined by Indian Acts and Indian decisions."  n4

   26. The contemporary thrust of federal policy is marked by several pieces of
major legislation, including the Indian Self-Determination and Education
Assistance Act of 1975, by which tribes are able to assume the planning and
administration of federal programmes that are devised for their benefit; the
Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, which favours indigenous custody of indigenous
children; the American Indian Religious Freedom Act of 1978, which directs
federal officials to consult with tribes about actions that may affect religious
practices; the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act of 1990,
which directs federal agencies and museums to return indigenous remains and
sacred objects to appropriate indigenous groups; and the Native American
Languages Act of 1990, which provides support for the use and recovery of
indigenous languages through educational programmes. A number of other laws
provide protections for indigenous religion and culture, and still others
address Indian economic and natural resource development, education and civil
rights.

   27. In alignment with the existing federal legislation, there are dozens of
executive directives and programmes that apply specifically to indigenous
peoples, many of which are listed in appendix I, and that reflect a significant
level of dedication on the part of the Government to indigenous concerns within
the self-determination policy framework.

   28. Several agencies throughout the Government are dedicated specifically to
indigenous affairs, the principal one being the Department of Interior, which
includes the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Under federal law, pursuant to its
historical protectorate, or trusteeship, the United States holds in trust the
underlying title to the Indian lands within reservations and other lands set
aside by statute or treaty for the tribes. The Department is responsible for
overseeing some 55 million surface acres and the subsurface mineral resources in
some 57 million acres.

   29. There are numerous other indigenous-specific agencies and programmes in
various parts of the Government. Notably, and especially in recent years, the
Government has made an important, increased effort to appoint indigenous
individuals to high-level government positions dealing with indigenous affairs,
including the position of Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, which heads
the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Also significantly, in 2009, the position of
Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs was created to advise the
President on issues related to indigenous peoples.

 [*59]  III. THE DISADVANTAGED CONDITIONS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES: THE PRESENT DAY
LEGACIES OF HISTORICAL WRONGS

   30. United States laws and policies in the last few decades undoubtedly have
contributed to halting the erosion of indigenous identities, and have weighed in
favour of placing indigenous peoples on a path toward greater
self-determination, as well as economic and social health. Nonetheless, the
conditions of disadvantage persist with the continuing effects of a long history
of wrongs and past, misguided policies.

A. Economic and social conditions

   31. At the close of the Special Rapporteur's mission to the United States, he
received a manila envelope stuffed with letters written by students from a class
at White River High School in South Dakota, a school where a majority of the
students are from the nearby reservation of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe. In a cover
letter the class's teacher explained that the students "would like to feel they
have a voice as it is so desolate here that it is sometimes hard to remember
there is an outside world. Despite all the hardships here, these kids are so
incredibly resilient and talented."

   32. The teacher's words were a poignant introduction to the first letter in
the stack, which was from a 15-year-old girl who lamented:

        Life here is very hand to mouth. Out here, we don't have the finer
     things. You get what you get and you don't throw a fit. And I'm going
     to be honest with you, sometimes I don't eat. I've never told anyone
     this before, not even my mom, but I don't eat sometimes because I feel
     bad about making my mom buy food that I know is expensive. And you
     know what? Life is hard enough for my mom, so I will probably never
     tell her. My parents have enough to worry about. I do not know what
     you can do, but try your very best to help us. Please help us. We can
     do this. Yes we can!

   33. The evident hardship combined with resilience was reflected in the other
letters, giving a highly personalized gloss on the conditions of disadvantage
faced by indigenous peoples in the United States. These conditions vary widely
among the diverse indigenous tribes, nations and communities. United States
census data and other available statistics, however, show Native Americans to
fare much worse along social and economic indicators than any other ethnic group
in the country.

    [*60]  34. For example, Native Americans, especially on reservations, have
disproportionately high poverty rates, rising to nearly double the national
average.  n5 Along with poverty, Native Americans suffer poor health conditions,
with low life expectancy and high rates of disease, illness, alcoholism and
suicide.  n6 As for education, 77 per cent of Native Americans aged 25 or older
hold a high school diploma or alternative credential as compared with 86 per
cent of the general population, while 13 per cent of Native Americans hold a
basic university degree as compared to 28 per cent of the general population.
n7 Indigenous peoples also face disproportionate rates of incarceration, and
rates of violent crime on Indian reservations exceed those of any other racial
group and are double the national average.  n8

   35. The image now often popularized of Native Americans flush with cash from
casinos is far from the norm. A number of tribes do have casino operations as
part of economic development efforts, taking advantage of special exemptions
from ordinary state regulation and taxation that are available to them under
federal law. Most tribes, however, do not have casinos and, of those that do,
only a handful have reaped substantial riches sufficient to significantly reduce
poverty levels.

B. Violence against women

   36. The continuing vulnerabilities of indigenous communities are highlighted
by alarmingly high rates of violence against indigenous women, a grave and
persistent problem that has been well documented.  n9 The United States
Department of Justice estimates that indigenous women are more than twice as
likely as all other women to be victims of violence  n10 and that one in three
of them will be  [*61]  raped during her lifetime.  n11 Estimates are that
nearly 80 per cent of the rapes of indigenous women are by non-indigenous men,
many of who have made their way into indigenous communities but who are not
presently subject to indigenous prosecutorial authority because of their
non-indigenous status. Congress has yet to pass key reforms in the Violence
Against Women Act that would bolster tribes' ability to prosecute these cases.
In order to get away from violent situations, many victims are forced to leave
their homes and communities, which is particularly troubling in the context of
indigenous peoples. As one Tinglit woman expressed, "when I left, I didn't just
leave my family. I left my culture behind... I ran away from my traditions, from
my songs, my dances, and my heritage."

C. Lands, resources and broken treaties

   37. The conditions of disadvantage of indigenous peoples undoubtedly are not
mere happenstance. Rather, they stem from the well-documented history of the
taking of vast expanses of indigenous lands with abundant resources, along with
active suppression of indigenous peoples' culture and political institutions,
entrenched patterns of discrimination against them and outright brutality, all
of which figured in the history of the settlement of the country and the
building of its economy.

   38. Many Indian nations conveyed land to the United States or its colonial
predecessors by treaty, but almost invariably under coercion following warfare
or threat thereof, and in exchange usually for little more than promises of
government assistance and protection that usually proved illusory or worse. In
other cases, lands were simply taken by force or fraud. In many instances treaty
provisions that guaranteed reserved rights to tribes over lands or resources
were broken by the United States, under pressure to acquire land for
non-indigenous interests. It is a testament to the goodwill of Indian nations
that they have uniformly insisted on observance of the treaties, even regarding
them as sacred compacts, rather than challenge their terms as inequitable.

   39. In nearly all cases the loss of land meant the substantial or complete
undermining of indigenous peoples' own economic foundations and means of
subsistence, as well as cultural loss, given the centrality of land to cultural
and related social patterns. Especially devastating instances of such loss
involve the forced removal of indigenous peoples from their ancestral
territories, as happened for example, with the Choctaw, Cherokee and other
indigenous people who were removed from their homes in the south-eastern United
States to the Oklahoma territory in a trek through what has been called a "trail
of tears," in which many of them perished.

    [*62]  40. Another emblematic case involves the Black Hills in South Dakota,
part of the ancestral territory of the Lakota people that, under the Treaty of
Fort Laramie of 1868, was reserved to the Lakota and other tribes known
collectively as the Sioux Nation. Following the discovery of gold in the area,
in 1877 Congress passed an act reversing its promise under the treaty and
vesting ownership of the Black Hills to the Government. The Lakota and other
Sioux tribes have refused to accept payment required in accordance with a 1980
Supreme Court decision and continue to request the return of the Black Hills;
this is despite the fact that the people of these tribes are now scattered on
several reservations and are some of the poorest among any group in the country.
Today, the Black Hills are national forest and park lands, although they still
hold a central place in the history, culture, and worldviews of surrounding
tribes and at the same time serve as a constant visible reminder of their loss.

   41. In addition to millions of acres of lands lost, often in violation of
treaties, a history of inadequately controlled extractive and other activities
within or near remaining indigenous lands, including nuclear weapons testing and
uranium mining in the western United States, has resulted in widespread
environmental harm, and has caused serious and continued health problems among
Native Americans. During his visit, the Special Rapporteur also heard concerns
about several currently proposed projects that could potentially cause
environmental harm to indigenous habitats, including the Keystone XL pipeline
and the Pebble Mine project in Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed. By all accounts
the Pebble Mine would seriously threaten the sockeye salmon fisheries in the
area if developed according to current plans.

   42. In many places, including in Alaska and the Pacific Northwest in
particular, indigenous peoples continue to depend upon hunting and fishing, and
the maintenance of these subsistence activities is essential for both their
physical and their cultural survival, especially in isolated areas. However,
indigenous peoples face ever-greater threats to their subsistence activities due
to a growing surge of competing activities, restrictive state and federal
regulatory regimes, and environmental harm.

D. Sacred places

   43. With their loss of land, indigenous peoples have lost control over places
of cultural and religious significance. Particular sites and geographic spaces
that are sacred to indigenous peoples can be found throughout the vast expanse
of lands that have passed into government hands. The ability of indigenous
peoples to use and access their sacred places is often curtailed by mining,
logging, hydroelectric and other development projects, which are carried out
under permits issued by federal or state authorities. In many cases, the very
presence of these activities represents a desecration.

   44. A case that has been reviewed in detail by the Special Rapporteur
involves the San Francisco Peaks in Northern Arizona, an area sacred to the
[*63]  Navajo, Hopi and other indigenous peoples, where under a federal permit
the Snowbowl ski resort plans to make artificial snow using recycled sewage
effluent.  n12 Numerous other examples brought to the attention of the Special
Rapporteur can be found in appendix II. The desecration and lack of access to
sacred places inflicts permanent harm on indigenous peoples for whom these
places are essential parts of identity.

E. The removal of children from indigenous environments

   45. Historically, added to the taking of indigenous lands was the direct
assault on indigenous cultural expression that was carried out or facilitated by
the federal and state governments. Likely the programme of this type with the
most devastating consequences, which are still felt today, was the systematic
removal of indigenous children from their families to place them in government
or church-run boarding schools, with the objective of expunging them of their
indigenous identities. Captain Richard Pratt, founder of the Carlisle Indian
school, coined the phrase, "kill the Indian in him, save the man," in
instituting the boarding school policy in the 1880s which continued well into
the mid 1900s.

   46. Emotional, physical, and sexual abuse within the boarding schools has
been well-documented. Typically, upon entering a boarding school, indigenous
children had their hair cut, were forced to wear uniforms and were punished for
speaking their languages or practising their traditions. The compounded effect
of generations of indigenous people, including generations still living, having
passed through these schools cuts deep in indigenous communities throughout the
United States, where social problems such as alcoholism and sexual abuse are now
pervasive and loss of language is widespread.

   47. Additionally, a pattern of placing indigenous children in non-indigenous
care under state custody proceedings, with similar effects on indigenous
individuals and communities, continued until well into the 1970s, only to be
blunted by passage of the Indian Child Welfare Act in 1978, federal legislation
that advances a strong presumption of indigenous custody for indigenous children
but that continues to face barriers to its implementation.

F. Open wounds of historical events

   48. The open wounds left by historical events are plentiful, alive in
intergenerational memory if not experience. The Special Rapporteur heard
emotional testimony from a direct descendant of victims of one of the most
well-known atrocities committed against Native Americans, the massacre at Sand
Creek in 1864. Scores of Cheyenne and Arapaho were attacked by surprise and
[*64]  massacred by some 700 armed United States troops. Previously, the tribes
had signed a treaty with the United States, under which they willingly gave up
their arms and flew a flag of truce at the Sand Creek camp. No action was ever
taken against those responsible for the massacre and, despite the promises made
in a later treaty of reparations for the descendants of the victims at Sand
Creek, none has yet been made.

   49. A more recent incident that continues to spark feelings of injustice
among indigenous peoples around the United States is the well-known case of
Leonard Peltier, an activist and leader in the American Indian Movement, who was
convicted in 1977 following the deaths of two Federal Bureau of Investigation
agents during a clash on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. After a
trial that has been criticized by many as involving numerous due process
problems, Mr. Peltier was sentenced to two life sentences for murder, and has
been denied parole on various occasions. Pleas for presidential consideration of
clemency by notable individuals and institutions have not borne fruit. This
further depletes the already diminished faith in the criminal justice system
felt by many indigenous peoples throughout the country.

G. Self-government

   50. Many indigenous representatives in all the locations visited by the
Special Rapporteur stressed the importance to the health and well-being of their
peoples of securing and recovering the various expressions and practices of
their cultures, including indigenous languages, and of being able to transmit
their cultures and identities to future generations, along with securing ties to
land and natural resources and enhancing self-government capacity.

   51. As noted in paragraphs 25-29 and in appendix I, several government
programmes are in place to address the concerns of indigenous peoples and to
provide them substantial assistance. Indigenous leaders stressed to the Special
Rapporteur, however, that the solution lies fundamentally in further
strengthening indigenous peoples' ability to develop and implement their own
programmes for economic development and job creation, education, preservation
and development of cultural expressions and knowledge, and public order,
including the protection of indigenous women and children.

   52. Yet, the government policy of indigenous self-determination in place for
several decades has not abated problematic restrictions that have been imposed
on indigenous peoples' self-government. As a general matter, the sovereignty of
federally-recognized Indian tribes, as far as it goes, displaces the authority
of the states over so-called Indian country, that is, reservation and other
lands under Indian control. But United States courts have continued to see the
inherent sovereignty of tribes, and hence their self-govemance authority, as an
implicitly diminished sovereignty, and this view has served to limit the powers
of tribal regulatory and judicial authorities especially in relation to
non-indigenous persons. Additionally, tribal sovereignty may succumb to
substantial state  [*65]  sovereignty interests,  n13 and the Supreme Court has
restrictively interpreted the Indian Reorganization Act to prevent many tribes
from extending their sovereignty over recovered or newly acquired lands.  n14

   53. Judicially-established limitations on tribal sovereignty are in addition
to those imposed by Congress, especially under acts devised under the earlier
eras of assimilation. These include the Major Crimes Act of 1885, which
established paramount federal jurisdiction over certain crimes committed in
Indian country, whether by an indigenous or non-indigenous person; and Public
Law 280 of 1953, which extended state criminal and civil jurisdiction to Indian
country in specified states.

   54. Especially in light of inadequate state and federal law enforcement on
reservations, these jurisdictional limits imposed on indigenous tribes result in
situations in which, as one tribal judge lamented, "we can't police and punish
people who come into the community and cause harm to that community and its
people." The Special Rapporteur also heard numerous frustrations based on
concerns that jurisdictional limitations send the constant message to tribes
that their institutions are incompetent and inferior, no matter how capable they
have demonstrated themselves to be. Further impeding self-governance capacity
are financial constraints.

   55. It is important to note, however, that despite these impediments, many
tribal governments and justice systems are gaining strength, and the Special
Rapporteur was impressed by the determination of tribes to continue build their
governance institutions. During the Special Rapporteur's consultation in
Oklahoma, the Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation put it this way: "As the
Principal Chief of the largest Indian Tribe in the United States, my vision for
our people is one of becoming great."

H. Recognition

   56. In order for its powers of sovereignty, or self-government, to be
recognized and officially functional within the United States legal system, or
to be eligible for assistance designated for Indian tribes, an indigenous group
must have specific recognition by the federal Government. A number of indigenous
peoples, for reasons related to the same cluster of historical events that have
broadly affected indigenous peoples in the country, lack such federal
recognition and hence are especially disadvantaged. Several of these are tribes
that were stripped of their federal status as a result of the termination
policies of the 1950s.

   57. Unrecognized indigenous groups have been striving to achieve federal
recognition for decades, principally through an administrative process provided
for this purpose by the Department of the Interior. Concerns regarding the cost
[*66]  and the length of the federal recognition process, and the challenges
faced by lack of recognition, were repeatedly brought to the attention of the
Special Rapporteur. Indigenous groups have invested millions of dollars and
filed thousands of documents in support of their claims. Figures about the pace
of the recognition process yield differing perspectives. Nonetheless, as
described by one Senator "it is not a system that is working under any stretch
of the imagination."

I. Alaska

   58. Indigenous peoples in Alaska have federal recognition within a unique
legal regime that developed under a specific set of circumstances. In 1971
Congress enacted the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA), which
extinguished "all claims of aboriginal title," as well as "any aboriginal
hunting and fishing rights that may exist," throughout Alaska. The act set up a
system of native-run corporations with assets provided under the settlement, and
Alaska Natives born as of the date of the act were given shares in the
corporations.

   59. With its design of replacing rights in land and resources with individual
shares in corporations, ANCSA can be seen as being driven by the policy of
assimilation that had long been in place and that presumably was coming to an
end around the time of the act's adoption (see paras. 21-24 above). Yet ANCSA
continues to define realities for indigenous peoples in Alaska, leaving in its
aftermath precarious conditions for indigenous peoples in their ability to
maintain the subsistence and cultural patterns that have long sustained them
amid abundant fish and wildlife resources, or to craft their own vehicles of
self-determination.

   60. Subsequent federal legislation has done little to restore Alaska Native
hunting and fishing rights, but instead has left indigenous hunting and fishing
subject to the same regulatory regime that applies to non-indigenous activities.
And this regulatory regime is a highly complex, difficult one to navigate, in
which both the federal Government and the state play a part, with the state in
effect having a dominant role. The matter of subsistence hunting and fishing
remains crucial both for cultural purposes and for food security. However,
subsistence activities are subject to a state regulatory regime that allows for,
and appears to often favour, competing land and resource uses such as mining and
other activities, including hunting and fishing for sport, that may threaten
natural environments and food sources.

   61. Representatives of Alaska Native tribal governments, villages,
corporations and organizations with whom the Special Rapporteur met coincided in
the view that ANCSA was faulty in its inception. There were divergent views,
however, about the extent to which the corporations can and are being responsive
to the needs and aspirations of Alaska Natives, within the limitations of the
corporate model. The Special Rapporteur did find indications that in many
respects the native-run corporations are functioning to provide important
economic and other benefits to Alaska Natives.

    [*67]  62. At the same time, the Special Rapporteur was struck by
indications about how the economic and cultural transformations accelerated by
ANCSA have bred or exacerbated social ills among indigenous communities,
manifesting themselves, for example, in high rates of suicide, alcoholism, and
violence.

   63. Several Alaska Native representatives expressed to the Special Rapporteur
the view that the problem runs deeper than ANCSA, to the incorporation of Alaska
into the United States as a federal state through procedures that allegedly were
not in compliance with the right of the indigenous people of Alaska to
self-determination.

J. Hawaii

   64. Also uniquely vulnerable are the indigenous people of Hawaii, having
experienced a particular history of colonial onslaught and resulting economic,
social and cultural upheaval. They benefit from some federal programmes
available to Native Americans, but they have no recognized powers of
self-government under federal law. And they have little by way of effective
landholdings, their lands largely having passed to non-indigenous ownership and
control with the aggressive patterns of colonization initiated with the arrival
of the British explorer James Cook in 1778. Indigenous Hawaiians have diffuse
interests in lands "ceded" to the United States and then passed to the state of
Hawaii, under a trust that is specified in the 1959 Statehood Admission Act and
now managed by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs.

   65. Remarkably, the United States Congress in 1993 issued an apology "to
Native Hawaiians on behalf of the people of the United States for the overthrow
of the Kingdom of Hawaii on January 17, 1893 with the participation of agents
and citizens of the United States."  n15 The apology recognized that the
overthrow resulted in the suppression of the "inherent sovereignty of the Native
Hawaiian people" and called for "reconciliation" efforts.

   66. The call for reconciliation, however, remains unfilled, while a growing
movement of indigenous Hawaiians challenges the legitimacy and legality of the
annexation of Hawaii following the overthrow, as well as the process by which
Hawaii moved from its designation as a non-self-governing territory under United
Nations supervision, to being incorporated into the United States as one of its
federal states in 1959. In the meantime, indigenous Hawaiians see their sacred
places under the domination of others, and they continue to fare worse than any
other demographic group in Hawaii in terms of education, health, crime, and
employment.

    [*68]  IV. MORE NEEDS TO BE DONE

A. Welcomed, but still not sufficient, government initiatives

   67. The Special Rapporteur acknowledges the high level of attention to
indigenous peoples' concerns that is represented by numerous acts of Congress
and federal executive programmes (see paras. 25-29 above and appendix I). Such
attention represents some acknowledgment of the historical debt acquired toward
the country's first peoples, and partially fulfils historical treaty
commitments.

   68. It is evident that the federal executive has taken steps in recent years
to strengthen these programmes, in addition to its new initiatives to develop
consultation policies and open spaces of dialogue with tribes; to strengthen
support for the recovery of indigenous languages; to settle outstanding claims
for mismanagement indigenous assets held in trust by the Government; to increase
funding for federal programmes; to address the problem of violence against
indigenous women; to clean up environmental pollution caused by natural resource
extraction; to assist tribes with acquiring land to restore their land bases;
and to enhance tribal capacity and cooperative arrangements in the area of law
and order, among others.

   69. The Special Rapporteur notes however, concerns that were raised with him
about the adequacy of effective implementation of the highly developed body of
law and government programmes concerning indigenous peoples. While welcoming
improved consultation procedures, for example, a number of indigenous leaders
complained that they have yet to see significant change in the decision-making
of government agents about matters of crucial concern to their peoples, in
particular decisions about lands that are outside of indigenous-controlled areas
but that nonetheless affect their access to natural or cultural resources or
environmental well-being.

   70. The Special Rapporteur also repeatedly heard concerns about a lack of
sufficient funding for housing, health, education, environmental remediation,
women's health and safety, language and other programmes, concerns that were
raised by both federal officials and representatives of indigenous peoples. Also
pointed out were complicated or confusing bureaucratic procedures, and an
inadequate understanding and awareness among government officials about tribal
realities or even about the content of relevant laws and policies themselves.

   71. The Special Rapporteur observes, nonetheless, that the overall thrust of
the policy underlying the federal legislation and programmes adopted in the last
few decades - a policy of advancing indigenous self-determination and
development with respect for cultural identity - is generally in line with the
aspirations expressed by indigenous peoples. The problems signalled are that the
laws and programmes do not go far enough to meet those aspirations and that they
are underfunded or inadequately administered. The Special Rapporteur takes
special note, moreover, that they fail to go so far as to ultimately resolve
persistent, deep-seated problems.

 [*69]  B. The need for determined action within a programme of reconciliation

   72. It is evident that numerous matters relating to the history of misdealing
and harm inflicted on indigenous peoples are still unresolved. In all his
consultations with indigenous peoples during his visit to the United States, it
was impressed upon the Special Rapporteur that historical wrongs continue to
live in intergenerational memory and trauma, and that, together with current
systemic problems, they still inflict harm. Across the United States, he heard
of specific unresolved problems of historical origins and systemic dimensions,
and indigenous representatives made abundantly clear that these problems
continue to breed disharmony, dislocation and hardship.

   73. The Special Rapporteur is of the firm view that, unless genuine movement
is made toward resolving these pending matters, the place of indigenous peoples
within the United States will continue to be an unstable, disadvantaged and
inequitable one, and the country's moral standing will suffer. Determined action
should take place within a cross-cultural, encompassing programme of
reconciliation, aimed at closing the latent wounds and building just and
equitable conditions, and at providing needed redress consistent with the United
States' human rights obligations.

   74. The Special Rapporteur notes that the Government took a step that could
be one on a path toward reconciliation, when in 2010 Congress adopted a
resolution of apology to the indigenous peoples of the country, following in the
spirit of the apology previously issued to Native Hawaiians (para. 65 above).
Acknowledging widespread wrongdoing, the Apology states: "The United States,
acting through Congress ... apologizes on behalf of the people of the United
States for the many instances of violence, maltreatment and neglect inflicted on
Native Peoples by citizens of the United States [and] expresses its regret". The
apology also "urges the President to acknowledge the wrongs of the United States
against Indian tribes in the history of the United States in order to bring
healing to this land."  n16 The full text of the apology bears reading. However,
strangely, the apology was buried deep in a defense appropriations act, and
apparently few indigenous people, much less the public in general, were made
aware of it.

   75. Such an apology should not go unnoticed. Rather, it should be a point of
public awakening and mark a path toward reconciliation, a path for concrete
steps to address issues whose resolution is essential to defeating disharmony,
and a path toward more enlightened framing of relations between indigenous
peoples and the United States.

   76. Among the pending issues that should be addressed with firm
determination, within a programme of reconciliation, are the severed or frayed
connections with culturally significant landscapes and sacred sites, such as
those resulting from the taking of the Black Hills or from environmental
pollution in countless places; imposed limitations on indigenous self-governance
capacity,  [*70]  such as that preventing indigenous authorities from acting
with full force to combat violence against women; the pathologies left by the
removal of indigenous children from their communities; and other persistent
symbols of subordination, such as the refusal of the United States thus far to
make good on its long-standing promise to provide reparations for the Sand Creek
massacre. Also to be addressed are the pervasive problems left in the aftermath
of Alaska Statehood and the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and the still
not remedied, yet acknowledged, suppression of indigenous Hawaiian sovereignty.

   77. The Special Rapporteur notes the previous significant effort made by the
United States to comprehensively resolve the grievances of Indian tribes by its
creation in 1946 of the Indian Claims Commission and by extending the
Commission's authority widely to include claims based on "fair and honourable
dealings," inter alia. Over its life the Commission determined hundreds of land
claims based on treaties or ancestral occupation, but the only remedies provided
under the relevant statute were for monetary compensation upon a finding of
extinguishment or taking of rights, a product of the assimilationist frame of
thinking of the period in which the Commission was created, which left many
fundamental issues unresolved or further complicated. Still the establishment of
the Commission represents the capacity of the United States to take sweeping
action to address evident wrongs on the basis of prevailing policy preferences.

   78. What is now needed is a resolve to take action to address the pending,
deep-seated concerns of indigenous peoples, but within current notions of
justice and the human rights of indigenous peoples. Exemplifying the kind of
restorative action to be taken consistent with contemporary human rights values
is the return of the sacred Blue Lake to Taos Pueblo and the restoration of land
to the Timbisha Shoshone Tribe. Both land areas were restored from land under
federal administration, with no consequence for any individual property
interests. Another exemplary action is the more recent initiative to transfer
management of national park lands to the Oglala Sioux Tribe in South Dakota.
Such measures reveal a needed understanding of the centrality of land and
geographic spaces to the physical and cultural well-being of indigenous peoples,
in accordance with standards now prevailing internationally and accepted by the
United States.

V. THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE DECLARATION ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   79. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples stands
as an important impetus and guide for measures to address the concerns of
indigenous peoples in the United States and to move toward reconciliation. An
authoritative instrument with broad support, the Declaration marks a path toward
remedying the injustices and inequitable conditions faced by indigenous peoples,
calling on determined action to secure their rights, within a model of respect
for their self-determination and distinctive cultural identities.

    [*71]  80. The Declaration represents a global consensus among Governments
and indigenous peoples worldwide that is joined in by the United States as well
as by indigenous peoples in the country. It was adopted by the General Assembly
with the affirmative votes of an overwhelming majority of United Nations Member
States amid expressions of celebration by indigenous peoples from around the
world. At the urging of indigenous leaders from throughout the country, the
United States declared its support for the Declaration on 16 December 2010,
reversing its earlier position.

   81. By its very nature, the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
is not legally binding, but it is nonetheless an extension of the commitment
assumed by United Nations Member States - including the United States - to
promote and respect human rights under the United Nations Charter, customary
international law, and multilateral human rights treaties to which the United
States is a Party, including the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Racial Discrimination.  n17

   82. Whatever its precise legal significance, the Declaration embodies a
convergence of common understanding about the rights of indigenous peoples, upon
a foundation of fundamental human rights, including rights of equality,
self-determination, property and cultural integrity. It is a product of more
than two decades of deliberations in which the experiences and aspirations of
indigenous peoples worldwide, along with failures and successes of the relevant
laws and policies of States, were closely examined, with a view toward promoting
human rights.

   83. With these characteristics, the Declaration is now part of United States
domestic and foreign policy, as made clear in the United States' announcement
that its endorsement of the instrument:


     . reflects the U.S. commitment to work with [indigenous] tribes,
     individuals, and communities to address the many challenges they face.
     The United States aspires to improve relations with indigenous peoples
     by looking to the principles embodied in the Declaration in its
     dealings with federally recognized tribe, while also working, as
     appropriate, with all indigenous individuals and communities in the
     United States.
     . Moreover, the United States is committed to serving as a model in
     the international community in promoting and protecting the collective
     rights of indigenous peoples as well as the human rights of all
     individuals.

    [*72]  84. As part of United States domestic and foreign policy, an
extension of its international human right commitments, and reflecting a
commitment to indigenous peoples in the United States, the Declaration should
now serve as a beacon for executive, legislative and judicial decision-makers in
relation to issues concerning the indigenous peoples of the country. All such
decision-making should incorporate awareness and close consideration of the
Declaration's terms. Moreover, the Declaration is an instrument that should
motivate and guide steps toward still-needed reconciliation with the country's
indigenous peoples, on just terms.

VI. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

   85. Indigenous peoples in the United States - including American Indian,
Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian peoples - constitute vibrant communities that
have contributed greatly to the life of the country. Yet they face significant
challenges that are related to widespread historical wrongs and misguided
government policies that today manifest themselves in various indicators of
disadvantage and impediments to the exercise of their individual and collective
rights.

Existing federal legislation and executive programmes

   86. Many acts of Congress and federal programmes that have been developed
over the last few decades - in contrast to earlier exercises of federal power
based on misguided policies - constitute good practices that in significant
measure respond to indigenous peoples' concerns. Especially to be commended are
the many new initiatives taken by the executive to advance the rights of
indigenous peoples in the last few years.

The need to build on good practices and advance toward reconciliation

   87. Relevant authorities should take steps to address the concerns of
indigenous leaders that, in certain respects, federal legislation protective of
their rights is not adequately implemented and that federal programmes are not
adequately funded or administered.

   88. Further, the federal executive and Congress should respond to initiatives
promoted by indigenous peoples for new or amended legislation and programmes, in
accordance with the international human rights commitments of the United States.

89. Despite positive aspects of existing legislation and programmes, new
measures are needed to advance reconciliation with indigenous peoples and to
provide redress for persistent deep-seated problems. Federal authorities  [*73]
should identify, develop and implement such measures in full consultation and
coordination with indigenous peoples.

   90. Measures of reconciliation and redress should include, inter alia,
initiatives to address outstanding claims of treaty violations or non-consensual
takings of traditional lands to which indigenous peoples retain cultural or
economic attachment, and to restore or secure indigenous peoples' capacities to
maintain connections with places and sites of cultural or religious
significance, in accordance with the United States international human rights
commitments. In this regard, the return of Blue Lake to Taos Pueblo, the
restoration of land to the Timbisha Shoshone, the establishment of the Oglala
Sioux Tribal Park, and current initiatives of the National Park Service and the
United States Forest Service to protect sacred sites, constitute important
precedents or moves in this direction.

   91. Other measures of reconciliation should include efforts to identify and
heal particular sources of open wounds. And hence, for example, promised
reparations should be provided to the descendants of the Sands Creek massacre,
and new or renewed consideration should be given to clemency for Leonard Peltier
.

   92. Issues of self-governance, environmental degradation, language
restoration, and federal recognition, as well as the particular concerns of
indigenous peoples in urban settings and border areas, among other matters,
should also be addressed.

The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples

   93. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples is an
important impetus and guide for improving upon existing measures to address the
concerns of indigenous peoples in the United States, and for developing new
measures to advance toward reconciliation. The Declaration represents an
international standard accepted by the United States, at the urging of
indigenous peoples from across the country, and is an extension of the United
States historical leadership and commitment to promote human rights under
various sources of international law. With these characteristics, the
Declaration is a benchmark for all relevant decision-making by the federal
executive, Congress, and the judiciary, as well as by the states of the United
States.

The federal executive

   94. The federal executive should work closely with indigenous leaders, at all
levels of decision-making, to identify and remove any barriers to effective
implementation of existing government programmes and directives, and to improve
upon them. In this regard, efforts should be made to ensure  [*74]  coordinated
and clear delineation of tasks among the various government agencies working on
indigenous issues, effective means of interaction and consultation with
indigenous peoples, and coherent, coordinated federal executive action on
indigenous issues.

   95. In keeping with the expressed commitment of the United States to the
principles of the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and its
related international human rights obligations, the President should consider
issuing a directive to all executive agencies to adhere to the Declaration in
all their decision-making concerning indigenous peoples.

   96. Independently of such a presidential directive, given that the
Declaration has already been adopted as part of United States policy, all
executive agencies that touch upon indigenous affairs should become fully aware
of the meaning of the Declaration with respect to their respective spheres of
responsibility, and they should ensure that their decisions and consultation
procedures are consistent with the Declaration. To this end there should be a
crosscutting executive level campaign to ensure awareness about the content and
meaning of the Declaration.

   97. In following up to the apology resolution adopted by Congress in 2010,
which directs the President to pursue reconciliation with the country's
indigenous peoples, the President should develop, in consultation with them, a
set of relevant initiatives in accordance with paragraphs 87-92 above. As an
initial measure, the President should make the apology resolution widely known
among indigenous peoples and the public at large, in a way that is appropriate
to the sensitivities and aspirations of indigenous peoples, and within a broader
programme that contributes to public education about indigenous peoples and the
issues they face.

Congress

   98. Congress should act promptly on legislative proposals advocated by
indigenous leaders for the protection of their peoples' rights, and ensure that
any legislation concerning indigenous peoples is adopted in consultation with
them. Particular, immediate priority should be placed on legislation advocated
by indigenous peoples and proposed by the executive to extend protection for
indigenous women against violence by, inter alia, enlarging the law enforcement
capacities of tribal authorities.

   99. Following up to the hearing on the Declaration held by the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs on 9 June 2011, Congress should hold hearings to
educate its members about the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
and to consider specific legislative measures that are needed to fully implement
the rights affirmed therein. Attention should be paid to aspects of already
existing legislation that should be reformed, and to new legislation that could
advance needed measures of reconciliation. Consideration should  [*75]  also be
given to providing judicial remedies for infringements of rights incorporated in
the Declaration.

   100.Congress should, in consultation with indigenous peoples, enact
legislative reforms or altogether new legislation as required to achieve the
reconciliation called for in its apology resolution of 2010.

   101. Any legislation adopted by Congress should be in alignment with the
human rights standards represented by the Declaration. To this end Congress
should consider adopting a resolution affirming the Declaration as the policy of
United States and declaring its resolve to exercise its power to advance the
principles and goals of the Declaration.

   102. At a minimum, Congress should continuously refrain from exercising any
purported power to unilaterally extinguish indigenous peoples' rights, with the
understanding that to do so would be morally wrong and against United States
domestic and foreign policy, and that it would incur responsibility for the
United States under its international human rights obligations.

The federal judiciary

   103. The federal judiciary, in particular the United States Supreme Court,
has played a significant role in defining the rights and status of indigenous
peoples. While affirming indigenous peoples' rights and inherent sovereignty, it
has also articulated grounds for limiting those rights on the basis of colonial
era doctrine that is out of step with contemporary human rights values.

   104. Consistent with well-established methods of judicial reasoning, the
federal courts should discard such colonial era doctrine in favour of an
alternative jurisprudence infused with the contemporary human rights values that
have been embraced by the United States, including those values reflected in the
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Furthermore,
just as the Supreme Court looked to the law of nations of the colonial era to
define bedrock principles concerning the rights and status of indigenous
peoples, it should now look to contemporary international law, to which the
Declaration is connected, for the same purposes.

   105. Accordingly, the federal courts should interpret, or reinterpret,
relevant doctrine, treaties and statutes in light of the Declaration, both in
regard to the nature of indigenous peoples' rights and the nature of federal
power.

 [*76]  The states of the United States

   106. Although competency over indigenous affairs rests at the federal level,
states of the United States exercise authority that in various ways affects the
rights of indigenous peoples. Relevant state authorities should become aware of
the rights of indigenous peoples affirmed in the Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples, and develop state policies to promote the goals of the
Declaration and to ensure that the decisions of state authorities are consistent
with it.

Indigenous peoples' authorities

   107. Indigenous authorities should endeavour to educate the members of their
tribes, nations or communities about the Declaration and its contents. They
should apply the Declaration in their own self-governance, as well as use it as
a common point of understanding in dealings with federal and state legislative,
executive and judicial authorities.

Alaska and Hawaii

   108. The situations in Alaska and Hawaii are each unique and merit particular
attention and action on the part of the United States to secure the rights of
indigenous peoples there. The Special Rapporteur intends to address these
situations further in future communications with the United States.

APPENDIX I: SUMMARY OF INFORMATION ON FEDERAL PROGRAMMES, POLICIES, LEGISLATION
AND OTHER INITIATIVES RELATED TO INDIGENOUS PEOPLES SUBMITTED TO THE SPECIAL
RAPPORTEUR BY GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVES, AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENTS

Executive Orders

   1. Executive Order No. 13007 - Indian Sacred Sites of 1996: Calls on federal
agencies responsible for management of federal lands, to accommodate, to the
extent practicable, access to and ceremonial use of Indian sacred sites by
Indian religious practitioners and avoid adversely affecting the physical
integrity of such sites, and where appropriate, maintain the confidentiality of
sacred sites.

   2. Executive Order 13175 Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal
Governments of 2000: Aims to establish regular and meaningful consultation and
[*77]  collaboration with tribal officials in the development of certain federal
policies related to tribes, to strengthen the United States
govemment-to-government relationships with Indian tribes, and to reduce the
imposition of unfunded mandates upon Indian tribes.

   3. Presidential Memorandum of November 5, 2009: Directs each agency to submit
to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), within 90 days, a
detailed plan of actions the agency will take to implement the policies and
directives of Executive Order 13175.

   4. The plan should be developed after consultation by the agency with Indian
tribes and tribal officials as described in Executive Order 13175. Further, each
agency head must submit to the Director of the OMB, within 270 days after
November 5, 2009, and annually thereafter, a progress report on the status of
each action included in its plan together with any proposed updates to its plan.

   5. Executive Order 13592 Improving American Indian and Alaska Native
Educational Opportunities and Strengthening Tribal Colleges and Universities of
2011: Establishes the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska
Native Education chaired by the Secretaries of Interior and Education. Its
purpose is to help expand educational opportunities and improve educational
outcomes for American Indian and Alaska Native students including instruction in
indigenous languages, cultures and histories and preparation for college and
career building.

Legislation

   6. Omnibus Appropriations Act H.R. 2764-526, Sec. 699B of 2008: Establishes
an Advisor for Activities Relating to Indigenous Peoples Internationally who is
required to advise the Director of United States Foreign Assistance and the
Administrator of USAID on matters relating to indigenous peoples, and who should
represent the United States Government on such matters in meetings with foreign
governments and multilateral institutions.

   7. Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010: Improves the capacity of tribal
governments to deal with domestic violence and sex crimes, alcohol and substance
abuse, strengthens services to victims, and provides enhanced tribal sentencing
authority. The Act also expands recruitment and retention of Bureau of Indian
Affairs and tribal officers and provides new guidelines and training for
officers handling domestic violence and sex crimes. Establishes the Office of
Tribal Justice within the Justice Department.

   8. Claims Resolution Act of 2010: Authorizes and funds the Cobell v. Salazar
settlement agreement (regarding alleged mismanagement of Indian trust accounts).
Additionally, it included four water settlements for seven tribes in Arizona,
Montana and New Mexico and provisions for over $ 1 billion for new water
infrastructure projects to meet drinking water supply needs and rehabilitation
of existing, aging infrastructure. To date, there are 26 congressionally enacted
Indian water rights settlements.

    [*78]  9. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) of (2010):
Authorizes new and expanded programmes and services to American Indian and
Alaska Natives through the Indian Health Service to make health care accessible
and affordable. Created permanent authorization for the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act (IHCIA), which is the legal authority for the provision of
health care to American Indians and Alaska Natives.

   10. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009: Provides more than $ 3
billion to help tribal communities renovate schools on reservations, promote job
creation, improve housing and support health and policing services.

   11. Indian Arts and Crafts Amendments Act of 2010: Amends the Indian Arts and
Crafts Act, which makes illegal to sell, offer, or display for sale any art or
craft product falsely suggesting it was Indian made. The Act empowers federal
law enforcement officers to enforce this prohibition and it differentiates among
penalties bases on the price of goods involved in the offense.

Legislative proposals

   12. Proposed American Jobs Act: Intended to provide employment opportunities
and tax cuts to small businesses and employees. Within Indian Country, the Act
will serve to provide tax cuts to Native American-owned businesses, the
extension of payroll tax cuts to Native American workers, the extension of
unemployment insurance, subsidized employment opportunities for Native American
youth and adults, community rebuilding and revitalization, and expansion of
high-speed internet.

   13. S. 1925 - Proposed Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act: Title IX
addresses violence perpetrated against American Indian and Alaska Native women
by restoring concurrent tribal criminal jurisdiction over all persons who commit
misdemeanor domestic and dating violence in Indian Country and clarifies tribal
court authorities to issue and enforce civil protection orders.

   14. H.R. 4970 - Proposed Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act: Among
other measures, would authorize Native American victims of domestic violence or
Indian Tribes on behalf of Indian victims to seek protection orders from United
States district courts against suspects of abuse.

Other Executive/White House Initiatives

   15. Presidential Proclamation of National Native American Heritage Month
November of 2011: Proclamation to celebrate the rich and diverse ancestry of
American Indians and Alaska Natives and their contributions to the United
States.

   16. Presidential Website: Winning the Future - President Obama and the Native
American Community: Serves to assist Native Americans and Alaska Natives
navigate federal government programmes and policies. The site contains a
resource center designed to bring together over 25 different agencies and  [*79]
departments into one, navigable location. See
http://www.whitehouse.gov/nativeamericans

   17. White House Tribal Nations Conferences 2009 - 2011: Over the past three
years, the President has hosted three White House Tribal Conferences that
brought together Cabinet Secretaries and senior Administration officials with
leaders invited from all the federally recognized tribes in order to strengthen
the relationship between the United States Government and tribal governments.
Issues discussed by representatives from federal agencies and tribal leaders
include job creation and tribal economies; promotion of safe and strong tribal
communities; protection of natural resources and respect of cultural rights; and
social issues including health care, education, housing, and infrastructure.

   18. Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP)/ High Intensity Drug
Trafficking Area Program: Provides funding for enforcement and drug prevention
efforts nationwide including Native American projects in Oregon, Arizona, New
York and Oklahoma. The ONDCP engaged in a consultation process for the National
Northern Border Counternarcotics Strategy in five northern states which included
federal, state and tribal officials.

   19. America's Great Outdoors and the Call to Action: Presidential initiative
that includes the support of tribal historic preservation efforts and tribal
cultural traditions. Grants support tribes in fulfilling responsibilities under
the National Historic Preservation Act including conducting surveys of historic
places, maintaining historic site inventories, nominating properties to the
National Register of Historic Places, and reviewing Federal agency undertakings
under Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act.

   20. White House Rural Council: Works across federal agencies to address
challenges faced by tribal communities in the area of sustainable economic
development and to promote economic prosperity in Indian Country.

   21. Let's Move! in Indian Country is a comprehensive initiative dedicated to
solving the problem of obesity within a generation, so that children bom today
will grow up healthier and able to pursue their dreams. .

Department of Agriculture

   22. USDA Office of Tribal Relations (OTR): Established in 2009 to serve as
point of contact between the Department and all federally recognized tribal
governments, tribal communities, individual tribal members, as well as
state-recognized tribal governments. OTR is responsible for working with all
departmental agencies to build a collaborative and integrated approach to
issues, programmes and services addressing the needs of American Indians and
Alaskan Natives, including Tribal consultation.

   23. USDA Action Plan for Tribal Consultation and Collaboration: Outlines
actions the Department intends to take to develop consultation processes across
all departmental agencies at a regional level regarding their different
programmes and  [*80]  services, which would include a reporting, accountability
and performance assessment structure for these consultation processes.

   24. Sacred Sites Policy Review: Review by the USDA's Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR) and the Forest Service of the effectiveness of existing policies
and procedures for the protection of Native American sacred sites on National
Forest System Lands, which involved national and regional level listening
sessions with tribal governments and traditional cultural practitioners to
gather recommendations. A final report with recommendations for needed action at
the level of US DA will be developed in consultation with tribal governments and
cultural practitioners.

   25. USDA Rural Development: Provided for investment in business in Indian
Country through multiple programmes that included $ 7.6 million for their
Business & Industry Loan Guarantee programme and $ 4.2 million in grants to
support economic development. The USDA also provided over $ 50 million through
Natural Resources Conservation Service programmes to improve and benefit trust
lands across the country.

   26. Internet Access: Both the Department of Agriculture and the Department of
Commerce have dedicated programmes to bring high-speed, affordable broadband
into tribal communities and have awarded loans and grants worth over $ 1.5
billion for projects to benefit tribal areas.

   27. Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement of 2010: The Government reached a $ 760
million settlement with Native American farmers and ranchers who sued the
Department of Agriculture for discrimination in loan programmes. In addition to
monetary damages and debt relief awarded to Native American farmers, the
settlement contained programmatic reforms including the establishment of a
Council on Native American Farming and Ranching that responds directly to the
Secretary of Agriculture, technical assistance to help access farm loan
programmes, a moratorium on further collection of delinquent loans during the
pendency of the settlement process and an additional round of loan servicing
after completion of the claims process.

Department of Interior

   28. Department of the Interior Action Plan and Tribal Consultation Policy:
Developed by a joint federal-tribal team. Provides for a Department-wide tribal
governance officer, early tribal involvement in the design of actions
implicating tribal interests.

   29. Department of the Interior Indian Loan Guaranty Insurance and Interest
Subsidy Program: Established by the Indian Finance Act of 1974 to stimulate
American Indian and Alaska Native economic enterprises and employment. In fiscal
year 2011, the programme made over 46 loan guarantees, totalling more than $ 78
million.

   30. Department of the Interior Indian Water Rights Office leads, coordinates,
and manages the Department's Indian water rights settlement program.

    [*81]  31. National Commission on Indian Trust Administration and Reform:
The Secretary of the Interior appointed five prominent American Indians to
service on the Commission. The Commission will undertake an evaluation of
Interior's trust management of Native American trust funds.

   32. Department of the Interior Pilot program to reduce crime on Indian
reservations: Engages reservation communities experiencing high crime rates to
reduce violent crime, juvenile delinquency, and criminal behaviour.

   33. Proposed Lease Reforms: Aims to simplify the leasing process on tribal
lands and enhance tribally driven renewable solar and wind energy projects.

   34. Management of Indian trust lands: Over 11 million acres belong to
individual Indians and nearly 44 million acres are held in trust for Indian
tribes. On these lands, the Department manages over 109,000 leases.

Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians

   35. The Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians manages
approximately $ 3.7 billion in trust funds from leases, use permits, land sales
and income from financial assets. The Office has a Trust Beneficiary Call Center
to implement the Cobell v. Salazar decision, which provides the Department with
the ability to resolve trust claims. The call centre uses a toll-free phone
number to provide comprehensive account information to beneficiaries. The Office
also has a Trust Asset and Accounting Management System, an integrated database
containing land title documents, including supporting revenue distribution,
invoicing, acquisitions and all legal details relating to land transactions.

Bureau of Indian Affairs

   36. Water Rights Negotiation/Litigation Program: A programme of the Bureau of
Indian Affairs (BIA) to provide funds to the United States and tribes for
activities associated with securing or defending federally reserved Indian water
rights through negotiations and/or litigation. It primarily provides funds for
necessary documentation, expert witnesses and technical reports to further water
rights claims.

   37. Water Management, Planning, and Pre-Development Program: A BIA programme
for assisting tribes in managing, conserving and utilizing trust water
resources, primarily by providing funds for necessary technical research,
studies and other information for Indian tribes.

   38. High Priority Performance Goal crime reduction initiative of 2009:
Programme implemented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs in collaboration with
tribal law enforcement officials intended to reduce violent crime in four
targeted reservations by five percent over a 24-month period. The initiative was
expanded to two additional reservations.

 [*82]  Bureau of Indian Education

   39. The Bureau of Indian Education funds 183 elementary and secondary schools
on 64 reservations throughout the United States, serving approximately 42,000
Indian students. Of these, 58 are tribally-operated under contracts or grants.
The Bureau also funds or operates off-reservation boarding schools and provides
higher education scholarships to Indian students.

United States Geological Survey

   40. Technical Training in Support of Native American Relations (TESNAR): A
programme that provides grants for the development and implementation of
technical training, by USGS scientists, for the employees of Tribes and tribal
organizations in order to strengthen the technical capacity of Tribes in
managing tribal natural and cultural resources.

Bureau of Reclamation

   41. Native American Affairs Program: A programme of the Bureau of Reclamation
(BOR) that provides support for Indian water rights negotiations and the
realization of various irrigation, water development, drought relief and other
services and programmes implemented by the BOR.

   42. Water Rights Settlement Projects: Provides support for Indian water
rights settlements, including serving as the construction entity for water
supply projects approved as part of enacted settlements.

   43. Bureau of Reclamation/ Rural Water Projects: Works with Indian tribes to
assess their water supply needs, including for domestic uses, and to address
these needs by designing and constructing water supply projects. Construction of
water projects to provide safe and reliable domestic water supplies to Indian
tribes, and other local entities, are ongoing in several states.

US Fish & Wildlife Service

   44. Tribal Wildlife Grants Program: Provided approximately 360 grants to
nearly 200 tribal governments to conserve, protect and enhance fish, wildlife,
plants and habitats.

 [*83]  National Park Service

   45. Agreements on gathering of traditional plants and minerals: The National
Park Service is preparing to issue a rule to authorize agreements between Park
Service and federally-recognized tribes to permit limited gathering of plants
and minerals for traditional purposes.

   46. Proposed Tribal National Park: The National Park Service is working with
the Oglala Sioux Tribe to develop legislation to establish the first tribal
national park in the South Unit of the Badlands National Park, which is located
entirely in the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.

   47. National Park Service Management Policies: Management policies and other
official guidelines such as Director's Order # 53 - Special Park Uses, direct
officials to respect the government-to-govemment relationship, to provide access
to and use of Indian sacred sites, and to ensure that consultation to ascertain
and address the concerns of Indian tribes and tribal traditional religious
practitioners is carried out when actions that may have an effect on Indian
tribes and their cultural traditions are proposed.

   48. National Park Service Shared Beringian Heritage Program: United States
and Russian joint cooperation for the protection of the area's natural, cultural
resources and the rights of indigenous peoples in both countries. The National
Park Service is to consult with Alaska indigenous peoples regarding initiatives
under the program.

Bureau of Land Management

   49. BLM Tribal Consultation Policy: Developed in response to Executive Order
13175 with the purpose to identify the cultural values, the religious beliefs,
the traditional practices, and the legal rights of Native American people which
could be affected by BLM actions on Federal lands.

   50. BLM - 8100 Manual and Handbook: Instructs BLM managers on identification
and management of cultural resources on public lands. Provides for tribal
consultation to identify and manage sacred sites, including providing access to
such sites.

   51. BLM/Co-management Agreements: Provides for co-management agreements to
manage areas of significant value to Tribes. These have included co-management
agreement with the Pueblo de Cochiti in New Mexico to manage the Kasha-Katuwe
Tent Rocks National Monument; and a co-management agreement with Taos Pueblo,
New Mexico to jointly manage the "Wild Rivers Section" of the Rio Grande.

   52. BLM Cultural Resources Management program: Provides for repatriation to
Native American peoples of human remains and cultural items held in BLM's
collections and enhancing management of culturally significant sites on public
lands.

 [*84]  Department of Justice

   53. Violence Against Women Federal/Tribal Prosecution Task Force: Composed of
federal and tribal prosecutors that facilitate and coordinate action between the
Justice Department and tribal governments regarding the prosecution of violent
crimes against women in Indian Country including the development of
recommendations and resource materials on prosecutions of these offenses.

   54. Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solicitation: Provides a single streamlined
application process for tribal government-specific grant programmes administered
by the Office of Justice Programs, Community Oriented Policing Services, and the
Office on Violence Against Women.

   55. Consideration of Policy Regarding Eagle Feathers: Departments of Justice
and the Interior have worked to facilitate tribal members' access to eagle
feathers for religious and cultural purposes and to address concerns over the
effects of federal laws protecting eagles on tribal and cultural practices.

Department of Homeland Security

   56. Tribal Relations Program: Seeks to include tribal governments in many
facets of homeland security and emergency management, through joint law
enforcement operations with Customs and Border Protection and improved response
to disasters affecting tribal members and tribal lands.

Department of Labor

   57. Indian and Native American Program/ Employment and Training
Administration: Provides funding for tribes and Native American non-profit
organizations to provide employment and training services to unemployed and
low-income Native Americans, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians.

Department of Commerce

   58. The Minority Business Development Agency of the Department of Commerce:
Funded six Native American Business Enterprise Centers in Arizona, California,
New Mexico, North Dakota, Washington and Oklahoma.

Department of the Treasury

   59. Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI) -- Native
Initiatives Program: Designed to increase capital, credit, and financial
services for Native populations across the nation and build the capacity of
Native community  [*85]  development financial institutions to provide financial
products and services to Native Communities.

Department of Housing and Urban Development

   60. Section 184 Loan Guarantee Program: Based on the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992, the programme provides home ownership opportunities to
American Indians and Alaska Native living on trust or restricted lands.

   61. Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant Program Section 184A Loan Guarantee
Program for Native Hawaiians: Provides access to private financing on Hawaiian
home lands and promotes homeownership, property rehabilitation and new home
constructions for eligible Native Hawaiian individuals.

   62. Native American Housing Needs Assessment: Study undertaken by Housing and
Urban Development that included regional and national outreach meetings with
tribal housing stakeholders to seek input on methodology for survey of housing
needs.

   63. Indian Housing Block Grant (IHBG) Program: Provides annual funding to
Native American tribes or tribally designated housing authority to make housing
assistance available to low-income Indian families. IHBG was established through
the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996.

   64. Indian Community Development Block Grant (ICDBG) Program: Provides grants
to improve housing and economic opportunities in Native American and Alaskan
Native communities.

   65. Rural Housing and Economic Development (RHED) Program: Provides for rural
housing and economic development activities at the state and local levels
including reservation and tribal communities in rural areas.

   66. Tribal Colleges and Universities Program (TCUP): Assists Tribal Colleges
and Universities to build, expand, renovate and equip their facilities and
support their role as service providers for health programmes, job training and
economic development.

   67. Resident Opportunity and Self-Sufficiency (ROSS) Program: Provides
funding for job training and support services to assist public housing residents
to transition from welfare to work.

   68. Department of Housing and Urban Development Tribal Govemment-to-Govemment
Consultation Policy of 2001: Enhances communication and coordination between the
Department and federally recognized Indian tribes or Alaska Native tribes.

 [*86]  Department of Veterans Affairs

   69. Home Loans to Native American Veterans: The Department of Veterans
Affairs Loan Guaranty Service works with federally-recognized tribes to provide
loans to Native American Veterans for the purchase, construction, or improvement
of homes located on federally-recognized trust land.

Department of Energy

   70. Office of Indian Energy/ Indian Country Energy and Infrastructure Working
Group: An informal group of tribal leaders who provide advice and input to the
Office of Indian Energy and Department of Energy on energy development issues in
Indian Country.

   71. Office of Indian Energy: Engaged in the development of programmes for
tribal energy education, strategic and targeted technical assistance for tribes
on renewable energy project deployment, transmission and electrification,
innovative project development, and best practices forums.

   72. Strategic Technical Assistance Response Team (START): An initiative of
the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs (DOE-IE) that advances modern
clean energy project development in Indian Country.

   73. Department of Energy Technical Assistance and Grants: Technical
assistance and grants to help Native American communities develop renewable
energy resources and energy efficiency.

   74. Tribal Energy Program: Provides funds to tribes to undertake assessments
of energy efficiency of tribal buildings and provide training for assessing
clean energy options.

   75. American Indian Research and Education Initiative: Department of Energy
facilitated partnership between the American Indian Higher Education Consortium
and the American Indian Science and Engineering Society to bring science,
technology, engineering, and mathematics research and education funding to
Native American students in tribal colleges and universities.

Department of Health and Human Services

   76. Tribal Advisory Committee: Established by the Secretary to improve
services, outreach, and consultation efforts with tribes.

   77. Indian Health Service and Health Resources and Services Administration/
National Health Service Corp program: Seeks to improve the recruitment and
retention of healthcare providers in the Indian healthcare system.

   78. Special Diabetes Program for Indians: Provides funding to Indian Health
Service, tribal, and urban Indian health programmes for community-driven
strategies to address diabetes treatment.

    [*87]  79. National Action Alliance for Suicide Prevention: Developed new
task forces to address and improve suicide prevention programmes in American
Indians and Alaska Native communities.

   80. Indian Health Service Sexual Assault Policy and Protocol: Establishes a
standard of care for sexual assault victims who seek clinical services within an
Indian Health Service operated hospital; seeks to ensure that care is culturally
sensitive, patient-centered, and needs are addressed with a coordinated response
from the community. The policies also assist in evidence collection for possible
use in the criminal justice system.

   81. Administration for Native Americans/US Department of Health & Human
Services: Promotes self-sufficiency for Native Americans by providing
discretionary grant funding for community-based projects, and training and
technical assistance to eligible tribes and Native organizations. Conducted a
Language Symposium in September 2011 to build and share best practices, discuss
challenges and barriers and identify necessary resources to support language and
culture in Native communities.

Department of Education

   82. National Advisory Council on Indian Education: Advises the Secretary of
Education on the funding and administration of Department programmes relevant to
American Indians and Alaska Natives and reports to Congress on any
recommendations that the Council considers appropriate for the improvement of
federal education programmes that include or may benefit Native Americans.

Environmental Protection Agency

   83. Office of Air and Radiation: Supported initiatives for tribal involvement
in the designation and application of Clean Air Act standards within Indian
Country.

   84. Indian Environmental General Assistance Program: Provides technical and
financial assistance to tribes to develop and administer federal environmental
programmes.

   85. EPA Targeted Grants: Provided $ 12 million in grants to 83 tribes to
establish Tribal Environmental Response Programs to address contamination on
tribal lands.

   86. Border 2012 Program: Provides for the improvement and expansion of clean
water and wastewater management capacity to tribal communities in border areas.

   87. Tribal Solid Waste Interagency Workgroup: Environmental Protection
Agency, in collaboration with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Indian Health
Service, Department of Defense and United States Department of Agriculture,
provides financial assistance to tribes to manage new solid waste initiatives.

    [*88]  88. EPA-Tribal Science Council: Partnership with tribal
representatives to integrate Environmental Protection Agency and tribal
interests, including the integration of traditional ecological knowledge in
environmental science, policy and decision-making.

   89. EPA - Policy on Consultation and Coordination: Provides for consultation
with federally recognized tribal governments when Environmental Protection
Agency actions and decisions may affect tribal interests. The EPA has developed
a guide to consulting with Indian Tribal Governments for Federal Government
personnel.

   90. Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Reporting for Facilities Located in Indian
Country and Clarification of Additional Opportunities Available to Tribal
Governments under the TRI Program: Requires each facility located in Indian
country to submit TRI reports to the Agency and the appropriate Tribe, rather
than to the State in which the facility is located. The rule also provides
Tribes with the opportunity to request that facilities located in their lands be
added to the TRI and that a particular chemical be added or deleted from the TRI
chemical list.

   91. Health and Environment Impacts of Uranium Contamination in the Navajo
Nation (June 2008): Five-year plan developed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs,
Department of Energy, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Environmental Protection
Agency and Indian Health Service at the request of the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform to address the public health and environmental
impacts from historical uranium mining on the Navajo Reservation.

   92. National Environmental Justice Advisory Council: Currently developing a
national tribal and indigenous peoples' environmental justice policy to improve
the Agency's effectiveness when addressing the environmental justice concerns of
federally-recognized tribes, tribal members, state-recognized tribes, indigenous
organizations, and other indigenous stakeholders.

   93. National Tribal Operations Committee (NTOC): Works to ensure more
affective representation of tribal interests within the NTOC and stronger
connections between the NTOC and regional and subject matter tribal partnership
groups including air, water and science councils.

   94. American Indian Environmental Office (AIEO): Supports implementation of
federal environmental laws consistent with the federal trust responsibility, the
govemment-to-government relationship, and Agency's 1984 Indian Policy. It
participates in the Arctic Council Indigenous Peoples Contaminant Action Program
(IPCAP), which intends to build awareness and capacity among Arctic indigenous
communities to better understand their contaminant exposures and to more
effectively engage in governmental efforts to address exposure issues.

   95. Border 2020 Program: American Indian Environmental Office collaborates
with the Office of International and Tribal Affairs (OITA) in conducting
effective coordination and formal govemment-to-govemment consultation with
United States border tribes and in outreach to Mexican border indigenous
communities.

    [*89]  96. North American Tribal/First Nations/Indigenous Climate Change
Adaptation Project: American Indian Environmental Office is a lead partner with
other federal agencies, the Canadian government, and a Canadian indigenous
not-for-profit organization in an effort to design a workshop scheduled for
September 2012 to focus on climate change adaptation needs of North American
indigenous communities in the area of food security and traditional plant use.

Department of Transportation

   97. Indian Reservations Roads Program: Provides funds for planning,
designing, construction, and maintenance activities on Indian Reservation Roads.
The programme is jointly administered by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and
the Federal Highway Administration's Federals Lands Highway Office.

   98. Public Transportation on Indian Reservations Program/Tribal Transit
Program: Provides a total of $ 45 million in direct funding to federally
recognized tribes to support tribal public transportation in rural areas.

The Special Rapporteur met with representatives of the following federal
departments, offices, bureaus, agencies, and other institutions during his visit
to the United States from 23 April to 4 May 2012

Federal Level

Department of State

     United States Agency for International Development
     . Bureau of International Organizations, Office of Human Rights and
     Humanitarian Affairs
     . Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
     . Office of the Legal Adviser
     . Office of the Special Representative for Global Intergovernmental
     Affairs
     . Office of Global Women's Issues
     . Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
     . Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs


Department of the Interior

     . Bureau of Indian Affairs
     . The Bureau of Indian Education
     . Bureau of Land Management
     . National Park Service
     . Bureau of Reclamation
     . Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians
     . The United States Geological Survey
      [*90.]  International Affairs Coordinator for the Office of the
     Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs


Department of Justice

     . Office of Tribal Justice


The White House

     . Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs
     . Advisor on Violence Against Women
     . Office of Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement and Others


Department of Health and Human Services

     . Director, Indian Health Service
     . Chief Medical Officer, Indian Health Service
     . Office of the General Counsel
     . Office of Multilateral Affairs


Environmental Protection Agency

     . American Indian Environmental Office, including its Tribal
     /Indigenous Peoples Environmental Justice Work Group
     . Assessment and Remediation Division, Office of Superfund Remediation
     and Technology Innovation
     . Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response
     . Cross-Cutting Issues Law Office of General Counsel


Department of Housing and Urban Development

     . Office of Native American Programs
     . Office of Public and Indian Housing
     . Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity
     . Secretary for Public Affairs
     . Office of International and Philanthropic Innovation
     . Office of Policy Development and Research


United States Department of Agriculture

     . Office of Tribal Relations
     . Natural Resources and Environment
     . Forest Service


Department of Education

State Level

     . Office of the Governor of South Dakota
     . Office of the Governor of Alaska

    [*91]  APPENDIX II: SUMMARY OF INFORMATION AND ALLEGATIONS PRESENTED BY
INDIGENOUS PEOPLES, GROUPS, AND ORGANIZATIONS TO THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE
RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   1. During his mission, the Special Rapporteur held consultations with United
States officials as well as with indigenous peoples, tribes, and nations in
Washington, D.C.; Arizona; Alaska; Oregon; Washington state; South Dakota; and
Oklahoma, both in Indian country and in urban areas. The Special Rapporteur is
very grateful for the assistance he received from the National Congress of
American Indians; the Navajo Nation; the Indian Law Resource Center; the
International Indian Treaty Council; the University of Arizona Indigenous
Peoples Law and Policy Program; the Alaska Native Heritage Center; Port Graham
Village; Chickaloon Village; the Curyung Tribal Council; the National Indian
Child Welfare Association; the Cowlitz Indian Tribe; the University of Tulsa;
and Sinte Gleska University for their assistance in planning key consultations
in the various locations visited. He would also like to thank the numerous
individuals who provided essential assistance in this regard, in particular,
Dalee Sambo Dorough (Alaska), Armstrong Wiggins (Washington, D.C.), William
Means (South Dakota), Andrea Carmen (Alaska), Melissa Clyde (Oregon), Gabe
Galanda (Oregon), Bill Rice (Oklahoma), and Seanna Howard and Robert Williams,
Jr. (Arizona).

   2. The Special Rapporteur received the following information either in person
during his consultations or via electronic or other means. The submissions are
divided roughly by the region of their origin for organizational purposes.

Northeast and Washington, D.C.

   3. Seneca Nation of Indians: United States has frequently breached treaty
promises to the Seneca Nation; Government infringement on Seneca rights,
including the construction of the Kinzua Dam and the violation of
treaty-protected lands rights, waters rights, and resources rights, and the
right to economic development.

   4. Algonquin Confederacy of the Quinnipiac Tribal Council, Inc.:
Discriminatory practices and removal of Quinnipiac artifacts and landmarks from
traditional territories.

   5. Haudenosaunee Ska-Roh-Reh: Contaminated drinking water; barriers to
practising traditional religion; treaty breach by the United States Government.

   6. Association of American Indian Affairs: Stronger protection needed for
sacred sites; reform is needed for the federal recognition process; promotion of
international repatriation with recommended modalities; call to create a Special
US/Tribal Nations Joint Commission on Implementation of the United Nations
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

    [*92]  7. Ramapough Lunaape Nation: Industrial pollution threatens the
health and well-being of community; state recognition by resolution has been
achieved but federal recognition is still lacking.

   8. Maine Indian Tribal - State Commission (MITSC): Maine Indian Claims
Settlement Act and Maine Implementing Act create structural inequalities that
limit the self-determination of Maine tribes; structural inequalities contribute
to Maine tribal members experiencing extreme poverty, high unemployment, short
life expectancy, poor health, limited educational opportunities and diminished
economic development.

   9. Members of the Beaver Clan, Onondaga Nation: Report on sexual violence and
criminal acts against indigenous children.

   10. Indian Law Resource Center: Highlights areas of Government policy that
present significant concerns for indigenous peoples located in the United States
and elsewhere including the effect of United States' foreign policy on
indigenous peoples in other countries; recommendations are made for policy
change that would bring the United States into compliance with the United
Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

Southeast region

   11. Lummi Nation: Need for protection of sacred sites and repatriation of
ancestral remains.

   12. Council of the Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation Aboriginal People:
Affirm rights to land, culture and way within the context of historical
violations by the Government.

   13. Choctaw Nation of Florida: Historical taking of lands and treaty breach
issues.

   14. Yamasi People: Need for sustainable development and peaceful and
productive communication between indigenous peoples and the Government regarding
environmental issues.

Midwest and Great Lakes region

   15. Keweenaw Bay Indian Community (KBIC): Mining activities, including
prospective mining development, is negatively affecting indigenous lands and
waters within the Anishinaabeg territory and established reservation homelands,
which includes the destruction of the sacred place, Migi zii wa sin (Eagle
Rock).

   16. Anishinaabe representative: Increased mining in the Great Lakes region is
a growing threat to native communities on both sides of the United States/Canada
border.

   17. Native American Alliance of Ohio (NAAO): Report that "documentary
genocide," the practice of eliminating recognition of native peoples, is taking
place in Ohio.

 [*93]  South Dakota and broader Great Plains region (including submissions at
Sinte Gleska University consultation)

   18. Sioux Nation Treaty Council: Contamination from extractive industries
including gold mining, uranium mining and strip mining for coal in treaty
territory; breach of the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; high rates of cancer among
indigenous people of the Northern Great Plains; misrepresentation of Sioux
peoples by non-indigenous person; proposed war games in Buffalo Gap National
Grasslands.

   19. Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe: Uncertainty remains regarding compensation
stemming from the Tribal Equitable Compensation Act (TECA) and P.L. 106-511, an
act to provide for equitable compensation for the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe,
and for other purposes.

   20. Lakota People's Law Project: Native children are taken from their
families in violation of the Indian Child Welfare Act and this is reflected by
the disproportionately high rate of Native American children in foster care.

   21. Chief Iron Eagle, Nakota Sioux Fire (Yankton Sioux Reservation): Lack of
adequate legal recourse to address treaty breach and sovereignty issues faced by
indigenous peoples in the United States.

   22. Black Hills Sioux Nation Treaty Council and Owe Aku International Justice
Project: Treaty violation of the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; laws and policies in
the United States do not extend equal rights to Native peoples and nations;
inadequate implementation of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples by the United States Government.

   23. Oceti Sakowin Omniciye and Treaty of 1805 Task Force: United States
Government in violation of the 1805 Treaty, the first treaty between the Dakota,
Lakota, & Nakota and the Government.

   24. Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation (Fort Berthold Reservation): Need to
streamline process for federal review and approval of individual Indian tribes
mineral leases while maintaining trust responsibility; Bakken Formation can
provide numerous benefits to the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation and its
members but must be developed in a way that does not harm community.

   25. Nueta, Hidatsa, & Sahnish Allottee Economic Development Corporation:
Environmental degradation resulting from oil development in the area; lack of
corporate responsibility regarding oil development in Fort Berthold; lack of
consultation regarding development of the Garrison Dam / Lake Sakakawea Project.

   26. Ihanktonwan Dakota: Self-government and self-determination in light of
the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; Doctrine of
Discovery in addition to a patchwork of federal statutes, regulations and
policies create foremost barriers to self-determination.

   27. American Indian Movement Interpretative Center: Concerns regarding
development activities in the Penokee Range and Bad River Watershed of
Wisconsin; opposition to the Keystone XL Pipeline Project; concerns regarding
[*94]  effects of uranium mining in the Navajo Nation; call for the immediate
release of Leonard Peltier.

   28. Community for the Advancement of Native Studies: Underrepresentation of
Native American students in higher education and as teachers and administrators
in the South Dakota education system; discriminatory practices within the state
education system.

   29. Sisseton and Wahpeton representative: Treaty information 1668 - 1817;
information regarding the Waldron - Black Tomahawk Controversy and the Status of
"Mixed Bloods" among the Teton Sioux.

   30. Emerson Elk, Fred Sitting Up, Bill Means, Shawn Bordeaux, and Sam Mato:
Indigenous identity theft is taking place through academic colonialism,
legislation, agency rule making, and other activities.

   31. Oahe Landowners Board of Directors: Inadequate compensation for the
dispossession of indigenous lands as part of the Oahe Dam and Reservoir Project.

   32. Cante Wanjila: Inability of Native Americans incarcerated in federal,
state and private prisons to freely practise their traditional religions without
discrimination, harassment, indifference and racial profiling.

   33. Ihanktonwan Treaty Steering Committee: Continued interest in the seven
treaties the tribe has with the federal government; lack of consultation by the
United States Government regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline Project, poor
groundwater quality due to uranium mining; mismanagement of tribal lands by the
Government; land dispossession.

   34. National Boarding School Healing Project: Information regarding the
experiences of American Indians attending boarding schools during the years of
1920 to 1960 in the northern plains region; accounts of emotional, physical and
sexual abuse and neglect of children and separation from families and
communities.

   35. Native American Women's Health Education Resource Center: Native American
and Alaska Native women are often denied due process within courts and health
care services following a sexual assault; denial of health services based on
race; need for improved standard of care for sexual assault victims, including
the collection of forensic evidence to assist with the prosecution process.

   36. Bryce in the Woods: Historical overview of Lakota economic system and
secretarial orders regarding Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe lands.

   37. Chief Arvol Looking Horse and Indigenous Elders and Medicine Peoples:
Call for United States Government to acknowledge indigenous peoples' right to
self-determination, respect their religious and cultural practices, and include
indigenous peoples in consultation and decision-making processes.

   38. International Indian Treaty Council: Failure of the United States
Government to fully accept the rights to self-determination and free, prior and
informed consent of indigenous peoples; importance of implementation of
Committee for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination concluding observations
regarding the Western Shoshone indigenous peoples and nuclear testing, toxic and
dangerous waste storage and other activities carried out in areas of spiritual
or cultural significance to indigenous peoples; the United Nations Declaration
as a  [*95]  framework for a "new jurisdiction" for redress of treaty
violations; proposed language to strengthen and recognize treaty rights within
the proposed American Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

   39. President of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe: Non-consultation by state and
federal authorities regarding the development of the Keystone XL Pipeline
Project; treaty breach of the 1851 and 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; loss of lands
due to the General Allotment Act 1887; call for improved implementation of the
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

   40. Rosebud Sioux Tribe member: Concerns regarding Indian health-care
services, home energy costs, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), and the Keystone XL Pipeline Project.

   41. Owe Aku (Bring Back the Way): Environmental degradation caused by
uranium, oil and gas development; lack of free, prior and informed consent;
treaty violations by the United States Government; genocide by the Government in
Lakota homelands.

   42. Oglala Sioux Tribe: Infringement on treaty lands by construction and
operation of Keystone XL Pipeline Project; negative environmental consequences
if the pipeline is constructed and operated; provided several resolutions from
native nations and organizations opposing the Keystone XL Pipeline Project.

   43. Chief Iron Eagle, Nakota Sioux Fire: Working to address issues related to
treaty rights for the Nakota people.

   44. Standing Rock Sioux Tribe:


     . Resolution opposing the original route of the development of the
     Keystone XL Pipeline Project through the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
     aboriginal homelands and the new proposed route through the Lakota
     Homelands.
     . Obstruction of the right to education; need to improve intellectual
     development of Lakota children.

   45. Sicangu Lakota Nation: Complex federal and state laws and regulations
negatively affect tribal sovereignty and hinder economic development of
indigenous peoples.

   46. Chief Oliver Red Cloud: Taking of lands after the ratification of the
1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; Indian Reorganization Act promoted colonialism and
assimilation of Native Americans.

   47. Lakota Rose LaPlante: South Dakota Department of Social Service is in
non-compliance with the Indian Child Welfare Act.

   48. International Native Indian Programs Incorporated (INIPI): Alleged misuse
of funds on the Pine Ridge Reservation.

   49. Cante Tenza Okolakiciye - Strong Heart Warrior Society, Free &
Independent Lakota Nation and Elders: Call for the United States Government to
investigate alleged graft and corruption within the Oglala Sioux Tribal
Government as well as elder abuse by Oglala Sioux tribal members.

    [*96]  50. Unites Sioux Tribes Development Corporation: Difficulties with
gaming compacts and tribal-state relations.

   51. Mniwakhanwozu Oyate: Presentation is in his native language, with
attachment of an article of Sinte Gleksa University hosting the Special
Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples.

   52. Sheryl Lightfoot (Ojibwe): United States Government qualified support for
the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples appears to be
an active process of self-exemption and a pre-emptive strike against
implementation that preserves the status quo while also offering some relief
from transnational and domestic political pressure.

   53. Lawrence Swallow: Indian Reorganization Act constitutions do not reflect
culture or identity of indigenous peoples; inadequate management of land claims;
physical abuse of children.

Oklahoma and South-Central region (including submissions at Tulsa consultation)

   54. Lipan Apache Band of Texas: Community members of El Calaboz Rancheria are
harassed by United States Government agents working along the United States -
Mexico border; lack of free, prior and informed consent regarding seizure and
destruction traditional rancheria lands.

   55. Osage Indians: Wrongful transfer of headrights in the Osage Mineral Trust
to non-Indians and corporations.

   56. United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee: Overview of the Western/Arkansas
Cherokee people; current status of the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokees, the
band's history, and how it has staved off termination attempts.

   57. Kickapoo Tribe of Oklahoma: Difficulties of tribal members in obtaining a
1-872 card and using the card for entry into the United States; need to protect
and respect Native American religious practices, customs, and observances;
encroachment of urban areas on wildlife habitat that inhibits hunting and
gathering; delays in placing newly acquired tribally owned lands into trust
status.

   58. Sac and Fox Nation: Refusal by the Department of the Interior to
acknowledge the rights granted to the Nation through their Federal Corporate
Charter undermines self-determination; proposed pump station for the Keystone XL
Pipeline Project threatens water sources and gravesites; violation of Native
American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act by the state of Pennsylvania.

   59. Tusekia Harjo Band of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma: Outlines the
negative effects of discrimination on the social conditions of American Indians;
many Indians have lost faith in law enforcement and justice systems in Indian
Country; mistreatment of Indians in state and federal courts; need to implement
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as a means to end
discrimination.

    [*97]  60. Muscogee (Creek) Nation representative: Unequal treatment in
economic for opportunities inhibits economic development, which is connected to
social, political and legal issues for Muscogee (Creek) Nation.

   61. Cherokee Nation representative: Tribal courts are not afforded the same
respect as federal and state courts; tribal court judges and justices are viewed
and treated with less esteem than their federal and state counterparts.

   62. Executive Director Choctaw/Cherokee: Federal recognition is a flawed and
arbitrary process with the primary objective being forced assimilation.

   63. Chickasaw Nation Department of Justice: Compacting with the United States
as one of the original "demonstration" tribes with Indian Health Services proved
to be a positive and empowering experience in self-governance; recent challenges
to tribal self governance by federal and state agencies; protection of natural
resources; and litigation connected to water rights agreements.

   64. Euchee (Yuchi) Tribe: Tribe is not federally recognized but is trying to
gain federal recognition, which it sees as critical to its self-determination.

   65. Principal Chief Cherokee Nation: Department of the Interior adoption of a
tribal consultation policy; resolution of longstanding breach of Indian Trust
lawsuits; national criminal justice training program; preservation and
revitalization of native languages; ongoing problems, including violence against
indigenous women.

   66. Prairie Band Potawatomi: State taxation of Native American veterans
domiciled in Indian Country violates the Soldiers and Sailors Civil Relief Act
of 1940.

   67. Descendants of the Sand Creek Massacre: Call for the United States
Government to make reparations in connection to the 1864 Sand Creek Massacre
near Fort Lyon, Colorado.

   68. Gregory Bigler (Tribal Court Judge): Lack of jurisdiction over
non-Indians; jurisdiction questions over activities within the Tribes'/Nations'
territory; inability to craft solutions for some criminal and certain juvenile
cases due to limited resources.

69. Walter R. Echo-Hawk (Chief Justice for the Supreme Court of the Kickapoo
Tribe of Oklahoma; Justice of the Supreme Court of the Pawnee Nation): Discusses
multiple aspects of federal Indian law and policy that require strengthening or
could benefit from reform in light of the U.N. Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples.

   70. Haskell Indian Nations University Student Senate: Chronic underfunding
undermines Native American education and institutions; call for improved federal
support for Native American education.

   71. Wetlands Preservation Organization: Development threatens the Wakarusa
Wetlands; forced relocation of plants and animals creates an environmental and
social threat.

   72. Ponca Tribe Business Committee: Pollutants from the Continental Carbon
Company facility in Ponca City, Oklahoma continued to interfere, with the Ponca
peoples' health and the use of their property.

    [*98]  73. National Indian Youth Council (Dr. Kay McGowan): Governments,
including the United States, that have systematically used boarding school
programmes to diminish their indigenous populations and the need to
systematically redress the damage of such programmes.

   74. Indigenous Environment Network: Overview of difficulties involved in
living in the modern world and yet staying rooted to tradition, particularly in
light of continuing racism toward Indians and development of the Keystone XL
Pipeline Project, which threatens archaeological and historical sites.

   75. Tribal Towns of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation (Hickory Grounds): Making
efforts to protect, preserve and maintain sacred historical sites in the
aboriginal homelands of the Muscogee people.

   76. Ponca Tribe of Oklahoma member: Provided information regarding treaties
with the United States beginning in 1858 and 1865, which ceded thousands of
acres of land.

Pacific Northwest region (including submission at Portland consultation)

   77. Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission: Importance of the Columbia
River and its fish population to Northwest Coastal Indians is reinforced by a
map showing the various native peoples associated with the river.

   78. Snoqualmie Tribal Elder: Violations of Snoqualmie tribal member's civil
and human rights due to banishment from the tribe and lack of due process.

   79. Métis Consulting, LLC: Métis descendants excluded from consultation and
planning process regarding Fort Vancouver Barracks Transfer; continued
occupation by the United States Army and U.S. National Park Service of Metis
traditional lands that were confiscated in 1846.

   80. National Indian Child Welfare Association: Current national trends in
American Indian and Alaska Native child welfare policy and practice;
disproportionate rate of American Indian and Alaska Native children in United
States state foster care systems.

   81. Seattle Human Rights Commission: Poor social and economic conditions of
Seattle urban Indian populations include high rates of accidental deaths,
diabetes, liver disease, alcohol-related deaths, infant mortality, poverty,
homelessness and lower education achievement.

   82. City of Seattle Native American Employees Association (CANOES): Violence
against native women is a serious concern in the Pacific Northwest as women have
very few resources aimed at preventing such violence or assisting victims of
violence.

   83. Honor the Earth /1000 Nations: Lack of compliance with essential elements
of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous peoples undermines
sacred sites protection and religious freedoms; militarization of Indian
Country.

    [*99]  84. Cowlitz Tribe: Efforts to consolidate their land base and engage
in economic development opportunities following their "restoration" to federal
recognition, having previously been terminated during the 1950s.

   85. Makah Tribe Chairman: Barriers to indigenous management of natural
resources, especially marine resources; need to integrate tribal governments
into higher levels of natural resource management at federal level, especially
energy, land and ocean management.

Southwest region (including submissions at Tucson consultation)

   86. San Carlos Apache Tribe representative: Opposition to a land exchange
process that would facilitate mining in the Oak Flat area in Arizona's Tonto
National Forest, a region that has cultural, social, religious and political
significance to for the Apache and other indigenous peoples.

   87. Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation: Increased border security and
other restrictive measures have made travel difficult across the United States -
Mexico border for tribal members and restricted freedom of movement; and the
proposed Rosemont Copper mine threatens cultural and archaeological sites
containing numerous funerary and sacred objects.

   88. Gente de l'ioti, A.C.: Tohono O'odham Nation exercise of the right to
self-determination is severely restricted by the presence of United States
federal agents on the Nation's main reservation; the United States Customs and
Border Patrol regularly violate the rights of indigenous peoples that reside in
near the United States - Mexico border.

   89. Tohono O'odham (Mexico): The Tohono O'odham peoples in Mexico and the
United States were separated by metal barriers installed by the United States
Government without consultation; the Department of Homeland Security fails to
recognize the right of indigenous people to freely enter and exit the Tohono
O'odham reservation.

   90. Individual from Tohono O'odham: Deaths of immigrants crossing on Tohono
O'odham Nation; access to water as a human right.

   91. O'odham Voice Against the Wall: Failure to adequately recognize and
protect the human rights of indigenous peoples whose communities span the United
States - Mexico border.

   92. Leonard Peltier Defense Offense Committee: Concerns regarding the health,
safety and reintegration of Leonard Peltier.

   93. Keepers of the Secret (from Havasupai Tribe): Current ban on uranium
mining does not protect Havasupai territory and drinking water sources.

   94. Navajo Nation Office of the Vice President: The goal of the Navajo Nation
is to develop an educational system that endorses Navajo culture by sustaining
the language while promoting academic success; the Navajo nation is moving
forward to create and operate a school system specifically designed to meet the
needs of Navajo students despite disparities among the funding levels for state
and private education systems and the Navajo Nation education system.

    [*100]  95. Navajo Nation Human Rights Commission: The United States
frequently allows for the desecration and economic exploitation of indigenous
peoples' sacred sites, including the San Francisco Peaks located in Flagstaff,
Arizona for the benefit on non-indigenous peoples, business owners and the
non-indigenous public to the detriment of indigenous peoples.

   96. Navajo Nation Corrections Project and International Indian Treaty
Council: High rate of Native Americans incarcerated in state and federal
prisons; Native peoples are often denied access to traditional religious and
spiritual ceremonies and services while incarcerated; wrongful conviction and
prosecutorial misconduct of Leonard Peltier.

   97. Dine' bi Siihasin: Mismanagement of housing programmes in the Navajo
Nation result in discrimination and oppression.

   98. Chihene Nde Nation: Due to lack of federal recognition, the tribe is
having great difficulty protecting sacred and ancient sites from being excavated
and looted.

   99. Pueblo of Laguna: Indigenous transmission of knowledge to future
generations is difficult without access to traditional lands, language and
cultural practices; uranium mining has contaminated water sources and threatens
many sacred sites.

   100. Nahuacalli and Tonatierra Project: Rights of indigenous peoples are
threatened by Arizona Senate Bill 1070, the North American Free Trade Agreement,
and the Doctrine of Discovery.

   101. Native American Church of North America, Inc.: Concerns regarding health
and sustainability of naturally occurring peyote in peyote gardens; reoccurring
issues for peyote users and harvesters include wrongful arrest, confiscation,
prejudicial treatment in family custody cases, and discrimination in employment.

   102. Native American Directions: The Tucson Unified School District's Mexican
American Studies program is a good example how a school district should reflect
the community that it serves.

   103. Indigenous Elders and Medicine Peoples Council: A recent report
regarding the USDA Forest Service Policies and Procedures fails to provide
meaningful and effective direction for the development of policies for the
protection of indigenous sacred sites.

   104. Indigenous Youth Experience Council: United States Government has
statutory and treaty obligations as well as standing agreements to protect the
sacred places of indigenous peoples.

   105. National Congress of American Indians: Importance of "Carcieri Fix" to
restore the benefits provided by the Indian Reorganization Act and to remove the
uncertainty surrounding development and strategic planning in Indian Country;
support for reform of federal surface leasing regulations for American Indian
lands; important that tribes have equal access to states of all programmes.

   106. Indian Law Resource Center, National Congress of American Indians Task
Force on Violence Against Women, National Indigenous Women's Resource Center,
Inc., and Clan Star, Inc.: Violence against American Indian and Alaska  [*101]
Native women and girls in the United States has reached epidemic levels in
Indian Country and Alaska Native villages.

   107. Morning Star Institute: Hundreds of Native American sacred places,
heritage languages and cultures are endangered; Native Americans encounter
serious barriers when attempting to exercise their cultural rights.

   108. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona: Mining in the Oak Flat area will result
in the destruction of sacred sites, notably mining in any part of the ecosystem
will negatively affect the religious and cultural integrity of the area as a
whole.

   109. Black Mesa United-Dzilijiin Bee Ahota, Inc. (BMU-DzBA): Strip mining and
related activities threaten Black Mesa, a sacred mountain, and area drinking
water sources.

   110. Intemational Council of Thirteen Indigenous Grandmothers: Mining
threatens the survival of indigenous cultures, contaminates soil and drinking
water; government, financial institutions and decision-making bodies should have
better implementation of free, prior and informed consent with regard to
indigenous peoples.

   111. Representative of boarding school survivors, Leo Killsback: Boarding
schools and forced assimilation created historical trauma that is now imbedded
in the contemporary lives of Native Americans.

   112. Tewa Women United: Extractive industry threaten natural resources
including water, air and land in New Mexico; Historical Document Retrieval and
Assessment Project document.

   113. Honor Our Pueblo Existence: Indigenous peoples in the Southwest region
of the United States live in the shadow of a violent culture created by
Government and military projects to research, develop, and manufacture weapons
of mass destruction.

   114. Black Mesa Water Coalition: Department of the Interior has a trust
responsibility to indigenous communities to protect drinking water sources.

   115. Individual from Navajo reservation: Need to protect indigenous peoples'
right to water.

   116. Wooden Shoe People representative: Working to bring attention to the
non-binding apology to Native Americans on behalf of the citizens of the United
States that was included in the 2010 Department of Defense Appropriations Bill.

   117. Pueblo of Jemez, New Mexico: The Jemez Pueblo has never ceded or
abandoned the Indian title to the Valles Caldera, which is critically important
to the group for both spiritual and resource reasons. Jemez Pueblo has never
been compensated for the taking of these lands by the United States.

   118. National Indian Youth Council:


     . The contemporary legal framework for prosecuting domestic violence
     in Indian Country is in adequate; tribes need criminal and full civil
     jurisdiction over non-Indian offenders in order to protect Native
     women against violence;
     . Urban Indians are frequently landholders of allotments, and given
     current emphasis on extractive industries, mineral extraction, and
     [*102]  energy policy, off and near reservation Indian are affected by
     on-reservation policymaking; and
     . United States Government consistently ignores urban Indians
     generally, and in the following areas, specifically: the right to
     participation, violence against women, cultural and spiritual issues,
     education and related services, and person sovereignty.

   119. Forgotten People organization:


     . Failures of the United States Government to remediate conditions in
     the Hopi Partition Land and the area affected by the Bennett Freeze,
     which was lifted in 2009 with inadequate funding for rehabilitation or
     the protection of water rights;
     . Mental, physical and psychological trauma resulting from the Bennett
     Freeze including youth suicide and mental illness;
     . Expropriation of land and for energy resource exploitation;
     . Health and remediation issues related to uranium mining on the
     Navajo Nation;
     . Land and animal confiscation;
     . Extractive industries and the contamination of water sources and
     high rates of cancer and contamination resulting from abandoned
     uranium mines;
     . Destruction of spiritual and sacred sites on Black Mesa as the
     result of mining;
     . Forced relocation of the people from Black Mesa has resulted in the
     inability to practise traditional religion, which is based on a
     spiritual relationship with ancestral lands;
     . Threats to indigenous peoples while they are attempting to protect
     burial and sacred sites; destruction of sacred sites; and
     . Opposition to Senate Bill 2109 /House Resolution 4067, Little
     Colorado River Water Rights Settlement and its potential benefits for
     the Navajo Generating Station (NGS) owners and Peabody Coal Company;
     settlement grants a waiver without redress for past, present and
     future contamination of our water sources.


Alaska (including submissions at Anchorage consultation)

   120. Native Village of Point Hope: Importance of accessibility to subsistence
resources including whales, seals, polar bears and fish; negative repercussions
of military activities and radiation on village population and wildlife; high
poverty rates and substance abuse in area.

   121. Alaska--Hawaii Alliance for Self Determination: Self-determination for
Native Alaska and Hawaiian peoples; government and corporate practices are
abusive toward indigenous natural resources and cultural practices.

    [*103]  122. Chugachmiut Tribal Consortium: High rate of suicide among
Alaska Natives; intergenerational stress and related long-term consequences on
children and communities.

   123. Indian Law Resource Center: Legal barriers regarding violence against
Native American and Alaska Native women include the lack of jurisdiction over
non-Indians, lack of adequate response to violence against Alaska Native women
due to jurisdictional limitations created by United States law, and
ramifications of Public Law 280.

   124. Native Village of Eklutna: Need to balance subsistence needs of
indigenous peoples with development of urban areas in Alaska.

   125. Akiak Native Community and Akiak IRA Council: Restrictions on king
salmon fishing inhibit families and elders from gathering a sufficient fish
supply for the winter; confusing fishing regulations hinder some indigenous
peoples from harvesting fish.

   126. Yupiit Nation, Akiak Native Community: The Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act restricts traditional fishing activities; request for
Congressional hearings to examine high rates of suicide, domestic violence,
sexual assault, accidental death, and health issues in Alaska Native
communities.

   127. l[#xF1]upiat Community of the Arctic Slope: Maps of Arctic Slope area;
proposed oil and gas exploration development; information about possible oil
spill in Arctic Ocean.

   128. Kenaitze Indian Tribe Community members:


     . Status of Alaska Native peoples is distinct from indigenous peoples
     in the contiguous United States; Alaska Natives must be afforded
     rights of self-determination and self-government.
     . The United States provided false and misleading information
     regarding the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories.

   129. NANA Regional Corporation: Importance of the Declaration on the Rights
of Indigenous Peoples and the promotion of indigenous rights domestically; need
to protect and promote subsistence activities at the federal and state levels;
Kuskokwim river king salmon closure places severe stress on the food security of
Yupiit households in the region; economic barriers to rural economic
development; diminishing population of indigenous language speakers.

   130. Alaska Native and Indigenous Faculty Council: Significant disparities
exist between Alaska Natives and other Alaskans.

   131. Ahtna, Inc.: Ongoing adverse land title and subsistence disputes are
exacerbated by differential enforcement of property laws and a lack of
enforcement of trespass laws.

   132. Sealaska Corporation: The equitable settlement of Native land claims is
fundamentally an issue of Native rights, but also of job fairness and
self-determination; the importance to pursue subsistence activities, both to
preserve aspects of culture and to ensure food security; the legal framework
governing  [*104]  subsistence in Alaska significantly hampers the ability of
Alaska Natives to access their traditional foods.

   133. Native Village of Paimiut, Yupiaq: Alaska Natives Commission: Final
Report, Volume I, Anchorage, Alaska (May 1994).

   134. Occupy Bearing Sea: Commercial fishing is having damaging effects on
native fishing practices; North Pacific Fisheries Management Council needs to
enact policies to protect native fishing.

   135. Yup'ik Eskimo Dillingham community member: Pebble Mine Project will have
devastating consequences on the Bristol Bay cultural landscape and salmon stocks
used for subsistence harvest.

   136. Atmautluak Traditional Council: Call to the Special Rapporteur on the
rights of indigenous peoples to review the denial of the right to
self-determination regarding the situation of Alaska and Hawaii.

   137. Native Village of Unalakleet community member: Off-shore oil and gas
development threatens indigenous communities that rely on marine mammals and
fish as primary sources of food; flooding and erosion related to climate change;
lack of education; high suicide rates; and lack of self-government.

   138. Alaska Federation of Natives: Need for food security is a basic human
right and a vital part of Alaska indigenous cultures; provided information
regarding way to empower indigenous people to have an active and meaningful role
in issues that affect them.

   139. Chickaloon Village Traditional Council; Chickaloon Native Village:
Proposed Usibelli coal mine threatens indigenous lands and culture.

   140. Chickaloon Village community members:


     . Negative effects of Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act on
     indigenous families and culture.
     . Education at the Ya Ne Dah Ah school includes traditional Athabascan
     culture, history, language in addition to math, reading, and writing
     while creating relationships between elders and young people of the
     village.
     . Importance of language in Athabascan culture, tradition and
     spirituality.
     . Indigenous lands and watersheds that support salmon habitat should
     be protected from the negative effects of coal mining and related
     activities.
     . Concern regarding environmental degradation and mental health issues
     related to the proposed coal mine.
     . Mental health of village residents is not being adequately
     considered under the Rapid Health Impact Assessment of the Wishbone
     Hill Coal Mining Project.
     . Importance of several rivers and creeks in area to indigenous
     peoples including Moose Creek, Buffalo Creek, Eska Creek, Chickaloon
     and King rivers.
      [*105]  . Federal Indian law and the Alaska Native Claims Settlement
     Act have undermined efforts of Alaskan tribes to realize
     self-determination, to promote native education, and to assert tribal
     sovereignty.

   141. Second International Indigenous Women's Symposium on Environmental and
Reproductive Health:


     . Gwich'in Arctic Village; Venetie Tribal Government, Alaska;
     Resistance of Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands (REDOIL):
     Tribal challenges to oil and mining industries; right to a healthy
     environment; need to protect environment and traditional food
     resources, particularly caribou.
     . Gwich'in Steering Committee: Importance of Arctic National Wildlife
     Refuge and the Porcupine Caribou Herd for the Gwich'in Nation who are
     a remote and traditional people; threats to communities from oil and
     gas development.
     . Resistance of Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands
     (REDOIL): Dramatic increase in respiratory ailments in native
     communities has occurred due to industrial activities, particularly
     mining.
     . International Indian Treaty Council; North -- South Indigenous
     Network Against Pesticides; Indigenous Women's Environmental and
     Reproductive Health Initiative; and the Native Village of Savoonga:
     Negative effects of environmental toxins on the health, well-being,
     and cultures of indigenous peoples particularly indigenous women,
     children and future generations; framework for assessing United States
     laws, policies and practices regarding the production, use export, and
     disposal and dumping of environmental toxins.
     . Elim Students Against Urainium: Uranium exploratory activities
     damaging effects on the Tubutulik River and Norton Bay watersheds.
     . Importance of traditional medicine and how it can be used to achieve
     better physical and mental health for Alaskan Natives.
     . Alaska Inter-Tribal Council: Expression of political will by
     Atmautluak Traditional Council and Native Village of St. Michael to be
     reinstated to the list of non-self-governing territories.
     . Native Youth Sexual Health Network: Indigenous peoples and HIV in
     the United States; suicide rates among indigenous youth; detention and
     incarceration of indigenous youth; child apprehension; violence
     against indigenous women.
     . Native American Women's Health Education Resource Center: Roundtable
     report on the accessibility of Plan B as an over the counter (OTC)
     within Indian Health Services.

    [*106]  142. Curyung Tribal Council and community members:


     . Background and history of Curyung tribe; value of subsistence;
     . Information regarding the proposed Pebble Mine Project; risks of
     Pebble Mine Project; potential negative effects of oil spills;
     . Efforts by the tribe regarding environmental and economic issues,
     particularly preservation of populations of marine resources;
     . Tribal resolutions that provide for protection of the Bristol Bay
     watershed; tribal resolution to re-instate Alaska to the list of
     Non-Self-Governing Territories; and
     . Pebble Partnership Report; Bristol Bay Regional Vision Statement;
     and the Environmental Protection Agency Bristol Bay Watershed
     Assessment.

   143. Nunamta Aulukestai: Potential harm regarding with offshore drilling in
the Bristol Bay region; risks to regional indigenous peoples, wildlife and
natural resources from the Pebble Mine Project; environmental reports regarding
the Pebble Mine Project; and information regarding opposition to the Pebble Mine
Project.

   144. Bristol Bay Native Corporation: Information on Pebble Mine Project;
Bristol Bay Native Corporation opposition to Pebble Mine Project; concerns
regarding unacceptable environmental effects of the project; and information
regarding the importance of responsible resource development.

   145. Bristol Bay Vision: Report that documents a yearlong effort by the
residents of Bristol Bay to create a vision for their schools and community.

   146. Atmautluak Traditional Council: Resolution declaring the tribe's
sovereignty.

   147. Knugank Tribe: The tribe was omitted from the list of federally
recognized tribes in 1993, which inhibits efforts to promote sovereignty and the
exercise the right to self-govern; and the inability of the tribe to gain title
to a traditional cemetery.

   148. Qutekcak Tribe: As a result of historical circumstances and
administrative errors, Qutekcak Native Community has not been allowed federal
recognition.

   149. Knikatnu, Inc.: Concerns regarding the proposed Susitna -- Watana
Hydroelectric Project, No. 14241; concerns regarding wildlife management and
declining wildlife populations in Alaska and effects on indigenous peoples.

   150. Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium: The Southeast Alaska Regional
Suicide Prevention Task Force is developing coping strategies to reduce the high
rate of suicide among Alaska Natives.

 [*107]  California

   151. La Cuna de Aztlan Sacred Sites Protection Circle: Development of solar
power projects threatens sacred sites in Eastern Riverside and San Bernardino
counties.

   152. Kawaiisu Tribe of Tejon, Kawaiisu National Council: Lack of recognition
and treaty breach contribute to the tribe's inability to exercise its right to
full and effective participation in matters related to culture, land and
territories; tribe opposes corporate ownership of grave goods, artifacts and
cultural sites.

   153. American Indian Rights and Resources Organization (Temecula Indians):
Damaging effects of disenrollment, banishment, and denial of tribal membership,
including exclusion from participation in regularly schedule elections for the
Tribal Council.

   154. Tosobol Clan (Temecula Indians): Allottee disenrollment and membership
results in denial of access to housing, education, and health assistance;
banishment and exclusion are barriers to accessing on-reservation allotments.

   155. Sherwood Valley Rancheria: Opposes certain aspects of the Marine Life
Protection Act (MLPA), which places restrictions and regulations on the
gathering of native foods including seaweed, abalone, smelt and salmon along the
coastline.

   156. Nuumu Yadoha Language Program (Hupa Mattole Indian): Lack of recognition
has negative consequences on health and education programmes for small
California Indian groups.

   157. T[#xFC]batulabal Tribal Chairwomen: Certain tribes in California that
have allotment lands and are seeking federal recognition; state government has
created a definition for "California Native American Tribes" that includes both
federally and non-federally recognized tribes.

   158. Winnemem Wintu Tribe: Tribe is unable to conduct a spiritual ceremony
for young girls due to refusal by the U.S. Forest Service to effectuate a
mandatory closure of a small section of the McCloud River.

   159. InterTribal Sinkyone Wilderness Council: The Marine Life Protection Act
(MLPA) is an example of a successful collaboration between the state of
California and North Coast Indian Tribes developing regulations that will
protect the continuation of traditional tribal gathering, harvesting and fishing
in designated marine protected areas outside of reservation lands.

   160. California Traditional Basket Weavers: Information about the traditional
methods of basket weaving by Native Californians; traditional basket weavers and
their children suffer from health conditions caused by high levels of mercury in
the water and soil of California's Central Valley

   161. Juane[#xF1]o Band of California Mission Indians: Ineligibility of
members of terminated tribes to direct health care from Indian Health Services,
educational scholarships and other benefits directed by the United States for
the welfare and advancement of Indian people.

   162. Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians: Lack of consultation regarding the
proposed development of wind farm; proposed construction of industrial-seized
[*108]  wind turbines on lands traditionally used and occupied by area tribes
that are home to sacred sites and burial grounds.

   163. Basket Weavers In Action and Indigenous Youth Foundation; California
Traditional Basket Weavers: Indigenous people in California suffer from serious
health problems caused by exposure toxins, pollutants and pesticides in areas
where Tule reeds are gathered for basket making.

   164. AIM -- WEST: Indigenous peoples in the United States face challenges to
protecting sacred sites, as well as the ability to exercise the freedom of
religion; hate crimes and violence against Native women, the insensitive use of
American Indians as mascots in sports images, and team names by non-native
schools, and imprisonment of Leonard Peltier.

Hawaii

   165. Indigenous Peoples and Nations: Importance of self-determination for
Alaska and Hawaiian Natives.

   166. Commission on the Restitution of the Hawaiian Government in Exile:
Resolution calling for fact finding commission on the political status of Hawaii
to compel the United States to fulfill its treaty obligations to the Hawaiian
people and to the United Nations.

   167. Indigenous Hawaiian individuals: Native Hawaiians experience loss of
traditional lands, territories and culture; The plight of native Hawaiian people
as presented in a short documentary film: occupation of the Hawaiian Islands;
justification for Hawaiian self-governance and self-determination.

   168. Koani Foundation - Ke Aupuni O Hawaii: Joint resolution of political
will of the people of the Hawaiian islands asserting the international legal and
political status of the Hawaiian Islands; Hawaiian Sovereignty Elections Council
Report.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawCongressional Duties & PowersCommerce ClauseInterstate
CommerceProhibition of CommerceInternational Trade LawGeneral OverviewPublic
Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative Americans

FOOTNOTES:





n1  U.S. Census Bureau, the American Indian and Alaska Native Population: 2012,
pages 1, 3





n2  House Committee of Indian Affairs, 73rd Cong., 2nd sess., Hearings on
Readjustment of Indian Affairs (1934), p. 21.





n3  H.Cong.Res. 108, 3d Cong., 1st Sess., 67 Stat. B137 (1953).





n4  H.R.Doc. No. 91-363, 91st Cong., 2d Sess. (July 8, 1970).





n5  National Center for Education Statistics (2008). Statistical Trends in the
Education of American Indians and Alaska Natives. Washington, DC: US Department
of Education.





n6  Life expectancy is 5.2 years less than the national average, and death rates
are higher from tuberculosis (500% higher), alcoholism (514% higher), diabetes
(177% higher), unintentional injuries (140% higher), homicide (92% higher) and
suicide (82% higher). U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services,
http://www.ihs.gov/PublicAffairs/IHSBrochure/Disparities.asp.





n7  U.S. Census Bureau Fact Sheet, American Indian and Alaska Native Heritage
Month: November 2011;
http://www.census.gov/newsroom/releases/archives/facts_for_features_special_edit
ions/cb11-ff22.html.





n8  Steven W. Perry, American Indians and Crime - A Bureau of Justice Statistics
Statistical Profile 1992-2002, Department of Justice, Office of Justice
Programs, December 2004.





n9  See, e.g., A/HRC/17/26/Add.5, paras. 62 - 66.





n10  Perry, supra, p. v.





n11  U.S. Depart of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Full Report of the
Prevalence, Incidence and Consequences of Violence Against Women, Nov. 2000, p.
22 & 60; https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/183781.pdf.





n12  A/HRC/18/35.Add.1, Annex X, and A/HRC/19/44.





n13  See Nevada v. Hicks, 533 U.S. 353 (2001).





n14  See Carcieri v. Salazar, 129 S.Ct. 1058 (2009).





n15  Public Law 103-150, 103d Congress Joint Resolution 19 (1993).





n16  H.R. 3326 (111th): Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2010.





n17  See A/HRC/9/9, paras. 18-43.


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 16, 1995

$ 22MM Committed In Section 184 Loans

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: Washington


During its first full year of operation, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development's loan guarantee program for Native American tribal lands provided
new home loan guarantees to 74 Indian families and also guaranteed loans to
Indian Housing Authorities that are being used to build 403 units of new
housing.

And last week, an important new deal was announced in which Norwest Mortgage and
Norwest Bank of Arizona will use the HUD 184 to finance 294 single-family homes
on the Navajo reservation.

The homes will cost between $ 55,000 and $ 131,000 and will be targeted to
mod-high borrowers.  Total cost of the development, in St. Michaels, AZ, will be
$ 22 million.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development estimates that the cumulative
effect of the business done in fiscal 1995 will be to create 1,000 new
homeownership opportunities on Indian nations.

Traditionally, lenders have been reluctant to make home purchase loans on tribal
land because of loan security concerns.  Typically, the land is owned by Indians
in trust and the land cannot be foreclosed upon.

Twenty banks and mortgage companies made Section 184 loans in fiscal 1995, which
ended at the end of September.  HUD obligated the entire $ 22.5 million in loan
guarantee authority that was available in fiscal 1995.

Despite wide-ranging budget cuts in HUD programs, Congress is likely to increase
the lending authority under the Section 184 Indian home loan guarantee program.
Both the House and Senate appropriations bills would increase HUD loan authority
under the program from $ 22 million in 1995 to $ 36.5 million in fiscal 1996,
which just began.

Officials at HUD say the likely growth in the program reflects confidence in
Congress that the program has been successful so far.  Increased interest from
lenders and Indian nations also is creating pressure to increase lending
authority.  Francis Gros Louis, director of Indian housing programs at HUD, said
that more than 150 mortgage lenders have expressed an interest in making the HUD
guaranteed loans.

"We have been contacted by banks and mortgage companies all over the country.
We are going to be reaching out to them," Mr. Gros Louis said.

Congress has yet to pass the full appropriations bill, and the threat of a veto
from President Clinton over disputes unrelated to Indian housing hangs over the
bill.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, HUD 184 Loan Program Budget Authority, Source: HUD; Picture,
Bruce A. Morrison, chairman of the Federal Housing Finance Board, talks with an
attendee at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati's recent affordable housing
and community investment conference, attended by more than 350 people.  At is
FHLB president Charles L. Thiemann.

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                          December 22, 2004 Wednesday

Letters: Federal system causes inconsistency in tribal law

BYLINE: Jim Marino

SECTION: VIEWPOINT; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 389 words


Editor:

You recently published a letter pointing out that no Indian tribe needs
recognition from the Bureau of Indian Affairs to perpetuate traditional custom
and culture. The reservation system does not serve that purpose anyway.

The incentive for tribes to retain the often mismanaged, sometimes corrupt
system has to do with the federal Indian Welfare laws enacted ostensibly to help
Indian tribes, but which have largely resulted in dependent welfare cultures.

As Tom Giago, a Sioux editor once said in a Newspaper editorial: "Indians do not
need more welfare, they need a welfare to work program."

The other major incentive to perpetuate the antiquated and largely useless
tribal reservation system is that it allows tribes to avail themselves of the
court-created doctrine of tribal sovereign immunity, originally intended to
prevent outside interference in internal tribal business.

Unfortunately it has become a means whereby tribes can open businesses to
non-Indians, hire non-Indians and build commercial structures like gambling
casinos, hotels, theme parks, shopping malls, etc., and using that doctrine
evade all of the laws enacted to protect the public, to protect workers and to
protect the environment of the communities in which these businesses are
situated.

Under the system they can also use all of the public services and infrastructure
paid for by taxpayers while refusing to pay any of the taxes needed to pay for
these services using the claim of "sovereignty."

In many cases, tribal leadership and outside investors can profit from
continuing the system, while tribal members often suffer with no rights or
recourse.

The entire system is so mismanaged that tiny gambling tribes of "casino Indians"
are now making tens of millions of dollars in profits from the losses in their
essentially unregulated casinos, and yet are still able to collect federal
welfare, grant moneys and loan guarantees that are badly needed by the true
Native Americans, many of whom are still living in deplorable conditions of
poverty.

Without a total revamping of the badly flawed federal system, don't look for any
changes in the status quo very soon. In fact, the bloated budget for the BIA was
just increased to insure all the BIA bureaucrats are still getting paid well.

JIM MARINO

Santa Barbara, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2011 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                  2011 / 2012

                           American Indian Law Review

                           36 Am. Indian L. Rev. 457

LENGTH: 14516 words

COMMENT: UNDERSTANDING THE VALUE OF JUDICIAL DIVERSITY THROUGH THE NATIVE
AMERICAN LENS

NAME: Paige E. Hoster*

BIO: * Second-year student, University of Oklahoma College of Law. I would like
to thank my family (Kirk, Daria, and Erin) for their constant, loving support of
my academic endeavors. I would also like to thank Dana Good for allowing me to
test the ideas of this comment with him and for guiding the inspiration of my
topic. Finally, I have deep appreciation for the editorial input of both
Professor Mary Sue Backus and Crystal D. Masterson. These women have helped me
to become a better writer and were integral to the success of this comment.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Because scholars suggest that public confidence is diminished whenever the
judicial bench's demographic composition does not mirror the public at large,
appearing before an entirely white, Judeo-Christian, male bench likely engenders
discomfort for parties who are female or a minority.  ... Although focused on
particular areas of law, Chew's study tests Secunda's theory that culture,
including gender, influences judicial outcomes.  ... In the context of these
findings, it is particularly noteworthy that both sexual discrimination and
sexual harassment cases are historically and notoriously female- centric,
supporting the idea that empathy goes hand-in-hand with judicial diversity and
its substantive impact on decision making.  ... After reviewing the complex web
of legal rules that are so prohibitively convoluted as to impede judicial
sympathy (let alone empathy), this section then examines Professor Matthew
Fletcher's findings that the certiorari process inherently disfavors tribal
interests.  ... The nature of land ownership affects everything from the states'
rights (or lack thereof) to levy taxes on tribal lands and tribal members, to
the tribes' abilities to acquire private loans.  ... His study reached some
startling conclusions regarding the inherent barriers to Supreme Court review of
tribal- interest cases, finding that the Supreme Court's certiorari process
"creates an affirmative barrier to justice for parties like Indian tribes and
individual Indians" by rejecting certiorari for nearly all petitions filed in
favor of tribal interests.  ... Senator Coburn said that Mikkanen was
"unacceptable" for the position, offering as explanation nothing more than an
alleged breach of protocol, which itself was no fault of Mikkanen's.

HIGHLIGHT: Although Indians constitute less than 1% of the national population,
the lives of Indians are impacted by law more pervasively than are the lives of
most other Americans. n1


 TEXT:
 [*457]

   I. Introduction


   Diversity is the United States' defining characteristic. As the "melting
pot," n2 this country continues to pursue diversity through policies like
affirmative action. n3 Universities seek a diverse student body to attain a
"robust exchange of ideas." n4 Corporations hire and retain a diverse workforce
to increase their client bases and to stimulate innovation through diversity of
thought. n5 But America's preoccupation with diversity does not  [*458]  mean
that there is complete agreement regarding its value or how to achieve it. n6
This comment focuses on the value of diversity within the judicial context. It
asserts that judicial diversity (and the lack thereof) matters, especially when
Native American law is involved.


   This comment examines the significance of judicial diversity within the
Native American context. Native Americans have been, and currently are, severely
underrepresented on the federal bench. Moreover, when federal courts make
decisions regarding tribal interests, the outcomes historically favor the non-
tribal position. n7 Federal decision making's dramatic impact on Indian law,
coupled with diversity's symbolic and empirically supported benefits, n8 suggest
that Native American federal judges are necessary to yield fair outcomes
regarding tribal issues. But Congress inexplicably thwarted the most recent
effort to appoint a qualified Native American to the federal bench, inspiring
the topic of this comment.


   Part II of this comment discusses the two-fold role of judicial diversity.
Diversity on a judicial panel not only influences societal perceptions of
justice and fairness, but also influences substantive decision making, with a
marked correlation between diversity on a given judicial panel and the
respective case outcomes. Research suggests that this correlation stems from
minority judges' ability to empathize with minority interests.


   Drawing on related observations about empathy, Part III summarizes the
aspects of Indian law and federal Indian relations that make judicial empathy
even more compelling in the tribal context. It first explores the history of
federal Indian law, noting how the differences between tribal and non-tribal
interests are complex, multi-faceted, and affect various aspects of tribal life.
It then examines Professor Matthew Fletcher's study of tribal-interest
certiorari petitions. Fletcher's study finds that the United States Supreme
Court is not only less likely to grant certiorari when a case implicates tribal
interests, but the Court is also less likely to find in favor of tribal
interests when certiorari is indeed granted. n9

     [*459]

   Collectively, Parts II and III establish that judicial diversity and the
empathy that accompanies it have tangible value, that tribal interests differ
markedly and meaningfully from those of their non-tribal counterparts, and that
the Supreme Court historically disregards and disfavors tribal interests. With
these points in mind, Part IV first reviews the recent attempt to nominate a
Native American to the federal judiciary and then considers the various benefits
that could flow from a successful nomination. As this comment will demonstrate,
Native American presence on the federal judiciary would increase public
confidence in the justice system, enhance substantive decision making, and place
tribal litigants in front of judges familiar with their unique circumstances.


   This comment concludes in Part V.


   II. The Role of Diversity in the Courts


   Diversity on the judicial bench has long been valued. Scholars argue that
diversity helps to achieve "judicial impartiality," n10 "dispel traditional
stereotypes," n11 "enhance[] the quality of judicial decision making," n12
promote a sense of fairness to the public, n13 "enrich[] development of the
law," n14 and sharpen the deliberation process. n15 All of these benefits can be
distilled into two key ideas: (1) judicial diversity enhances public confidence
in the judicial system; and (2) judicial diversity enhances substantive decision
making.


   A. Social Perception


   Scholars recognize judicial diversity's impact on public perception. Ciara
Torres-Spelliscy asserts that judicial diversity adds a sense of "legitimacy" in
the minds of the public because both the constituents in court and the public at
large are becoming increasingly diverse. n16 She  [*460]  references Professor
Jeffrey Jackson's discussion of the need for the bench to reflect a cross
section of the community:


   Judges are not the exclusive province of any one section of society. Rather
they must provide justice for all. In order for a judicial selection to be
considered fair and impartial, it must be seen as representative of the
community. It is important for a selection system insofar as it is possible, to
advance methods that provide for a judicial bench that reflects the diversity of
its qualified applicants. n17


   The closer the bench resembles the American people, the more the public
trusts the bench is free from bias and prejudice. n18 When the bench's racial
composition does not resemble that of the greater American society, "both public
support of the courts and perceptions of fairness on the part of racial and
ethnic groups are affected." n19


   In addition to discussing the impact of judicial diversity generally,
Professor Barbara Graham also exposes the need for the judicial bench to "move
beyond tokenism" into actual representation. n20 In the context of the
judiciary, tokenism is the practice of making a perfunctory or symbolic effort
to increase diversity on the bench. n21 Tokenism results in limited recruitment
of people from underrepresented groups to give the appearance of equality, while
in actuality minorities remain underrepresented. Having actual, representative
diversity means obtaining a proportion of minority judges commensurate to that
minority's population within the community. Tokenism, though a marginal
improvement from outright absence, falls far short of representative diversity.

     [*461]

   A recent study of the factors that influence selection of judicial candidates
highlighted tokenism as a barrier to incorporating minorities. The study showed
that selections of minority judges to courts are much less likely to occur when
the given minority is already represented, even when that representation is
marginal. n22 For example, within the specific context of gender diversity,
"women are much more likely to be selected to otherwise all-male courts than to
courts with some gender diversity," even if that diversity consists of only one
female. n23


   Tokenism amounts to an incomplete step in the right direction. The value of
having at least one minority on a federal panel is significant and should not be
discounted. Even minimal diversity can alter outcomes in certain cases. n24
Tokenism is harmful, however, when it prevails over long-term goals of full
diversity. When diversity ends at tokenism, the institution will not reflect a
cross section of the community and will therefore fail to achieve true
representative diversity.


   The general public may not be consciously aware of the limiting effects that
tokenism has on establishing actual representative diversity - or even what
tokenism is and how to recognize it. But the public will recognize that the
federal bench does not resemble their communities, and this awareness will hurt
the public's perception of the federal bench.


   Because scholars suggest that public confidence is diminished whenever the
judicial bench's demographic composition does not mirror the public at large,
n25 appearing before an entirely white, Judeo-Christian, male bench likely
engenders discomfort for parties who are female or a minority. Even without
considering the notable substantive benefits that flow from minority
representation on a federal panel, the symbolic benefits of judicial diversity
are similarly significant and worthy of pursuit.


   B. Enhanced Judicial Decision Making


   Not only does judicial diversity give the general public a greater sense of
confidence in the judicial process, but it also enhances the judicial process
itself. n26 The presence of individuals with varied backgrounds improves
judicial decision making because "member[s] of [] previously excluded group[s]
can bring insights to the Court that the rest of its members lack." n27  [*462]
These unique insights are a product of varied social experiences that stem from
cultural diversity. A judge's cumulative social experiences affect the way the
judge construes testimony and comprehends the full weight of the court's ruling.
n28 Essentially, a judge's cultural outlook supplies a human factor to the
decision-making process, as it is inevitable that one's own life experiences
affect one's view on the facts of a case or aspects of the law. n29


   Many scholars believe that factors such as race, ethnicity, culture, and life
experiences affect the way people make decisions in their daily lives. n30 Such
a view stands in stark contrast to legal formalism, the dominant strand of
philosophy regarding decision making in the judicial context. Legal formalism
posits that judges are capable of remaining color blind, applying the law in a
neutral and dispassionate manner. n31 In fact, "the judicial code of ethics
dictates impartiality," as judges must "independently derive 'what the law is'"
from the Constitution and fundamental precedents alone. n32 The code of ethics
presumes that no matter the facts, judges can apply the law in a purely
mechanical way.


   On the other hand, advocates of legal realism argue that who people are
affects how they judge. n33 More scholars are beginning to recognize that
[*463]  judges are human and that a judge's ability to make purely mechanical
decisions might be "largely theoretical." n34 There is nonetheless a current
lack of consensus, and the battle between legal formalism and realism may affect
whether a judicial candidate is nominated based on his or her minority status.
This comment, in its assertion that minority status both affects and enhances
substantive judicial decision making, reflects a legal realist perspective.


   Empathy is central to understanding legal realism in the context of the
judicial process. n35 Empathy is not the equivalent of sympathy. While sympathy
is "an emotional response stemming from another's emotional state or condition
that is not identical to the other's emotion, but consists of feelings of sorrow
and concern for another," empathy is "an affective state that stems from the
apprehension of another's emotional state or condition and that is congruent
with it." n36 In relative terms, sympathy is to empathy what knowledge is to
appreciation. Empathy involves a deep appreciation of another's circumstance
through shared human experience.

     [*464]

   Scholars maintain that empathy promotes better judicial outcomes. n37
Judicial diversity places judges on the bench who, through empathy, can readily
appreciate the experiences of a broader spectrum of litigants. This appreciation
allows judges to understand individual actions and the motivations behind them,
making the judges better able to assess whether such actions are legally or
equitably justified. For example, a judge whose parents emigrated from a
politically volatile region shortly before her birth will undoubtedly be better
able to appreciate the experiences of those seeking asylum from persecution.
Through empathy, this judge will be more capable of assessing the fairness and
justice that accompany each potential outcome. n38


   Just as there is empirical evidence suggesting that judicial diversity
enhances the public's perception of the justice system, so too are there
empirical studies examining the impacts of diversity and empathy in judicial
decision making. Researchers are beginning to test legal formalists' claim that
judges can remain neutral, dispassionate, and color blind in decision making. To
examine this claim, scholars are studying how judges make decisions and whether
minority status has any impact on judicial outcomes.


   In his article on cultural cognition, Professor Paul Secunda discusses the
impact of culture on judicial functions. n39 He comments that culture and
ideology generally are not active motivators when making judicial decisions, but
that a judge "cannot help but be influenced by his or her cultural background."
n40 Although a judge's values, ideologies, and cultural biases are not conscious
motivators, Secunda asserts that they nevertheless contribute greatly to how a
judge arrives at a legal conclusion. n41


   Secunda defines "cultural cognition" as the process by which culture
influences the subconscious thought process. n42 Whether noticed, life
experiences and cultural outlooks have an effect on the decision-making process.
Secunda draws a distinction between using culture "as a source of normative
judgment or evaluation" and as "an unconscious influence of perceptions of
fact." n43 For example, Secunda references a study examining  [*465]  the
Supreme Court's decision in a police brutality case. n44 The study found that
ideology was the dividing factor between justices supporting the majority and
dissenting opinions. n45 To be specific, the justices siding with the dissent
shared a common ideology of "egalitarianism and social solidarity," and would
most likely be classified as liberal. n46 Alternatively, those supporting the
majority opinion shared an ideology of individualism and "hierarchic
worldviews," approving of "highly punitive responses to law-breaking." n47
Essentially, the study found that a judge's ideological slant determines how
that judge responds to a given set of facts within the parameters of law.


   Secunda's article recognizes the subconscious (and likely unintended) effects
that one's cultural background can have on the decision-making process. Although
judicial ideology and cultural cognition are difficult to measure with
precision, the theory Secunda proposes is logical: because cultural cognition is
linked to a person's perceptions of "socially beneficial conduct," n48 life
experience influences what that person perceives to be socially beneficial. And
more directly apropos to the scope of this comment, judges often decide what
qualifies as socially beneficial conduct. Those decisions will undoubtedly
incorporate life experience, even if subconsciously. A judge's life experience
includes not only the communities in which the judge was raised and the judge's
socio-economic status, but also race, ethnicity, gender, and customs. From
Secunda's work, one can draw the reasonable inference that diversity has a
subconscious effect on judicial decision making.


   In a similar study, Professor Pat Chew examines gender diversity's effect on
judicial decision making. n49 Chew's article recognizes the symbolic value of
having increased female presence on the bench. n50 But her article goes beyond
diversity's symbolic value to evaluate the actual, substantive effects that
increased female presence in the judiciary has on judicial outcomes. n51 Chew's
study "offers a macro-level review of the empirical research done on judges'
gender in U.S. federal courts and how a judge's  [*466]  gender affects the
outcomes in employment discrimination cases" and in sexual harassment cases. n52
Although focused on particular areas of law, Chew's study tests Secunda's theory
that culture, including gender, influences judicial outcomes.


   While balancing other factors such as court venue, time period, legal subject
area, and the judge's other characteristics, Chew notes a correlation between a
judge's gender and legal outcomes. n53 For example, in sexual discrimination
cases, female judges are more likely than male judges to rule in favor of the
plaintiffs. n54 The same holds true for sexual harassment cases. n55 And not
only are female judges more likely to rule in favor of plaintiffs in sexual
harassment cases than their male counterparts, but male judges are more likely
to "rule in favor of the plaintiff if at least one female judge sat on the
appellate panel." n56 In sexual discrimination cases, when a judicial panel is
all male, it is extremely unlikely that the plaintiff will prevail. n57 On the
other hand, when at least one female judge sits on the panel, the likelihood of
a plaintiff victory may increase by as much as 85%. n58 These findings suggest
that gender may influence both the decision-making process of the female judge,
as well as the deliberation process of the male judge, when at least one female
joins them on the same panel. The study therefore supports the conclusion that
in certain types of  [*467]  cases, having a mixed-gender panel of judges has a
measurable effect on the outcome for litigants. n59


   In the context of these findings, it is particularly noteworthy that both
sexual discrimination and sexual harassment cases are historically and
notoriously female- centric, supporting the idea that empathy goes hand-in-hand
with judicial diversity and its substantive impact on decision making.


   But the effects of female judicial presence are not limited to cases that
concern characteristically female interests. n60 Similar studies have been
conducted within the broader context of employment discrimination. n61 One
study, analyzing "400 federal appellate court employment discrimination cases
from 1998-1999," found that a panel including at least one female judge voted
pro- plaintiff more often than all-male panels. n62 The findings suggest that
the presence of both genders affects the deliberation process, as varying
perspectives are exchanged. n63 The simple presence of one minority judge's
viewpoint shifts the ruling of the entire panel.


   Overall, Chew concludes that the presence of mixed gender on the federal
bench has the greatest impact within the sexual discrimination field and a
slightly lessened impact within the field of employment discrimination. n64 This
conclusion supports Secunda's theory on cultural cognition. Because the fact
patterns within sexual harassment and discrimination cases often involve
gender-based issues, female judges will perceive the facts in a way that
comports with their cultural (or gender) outlook and empathize accordingly. The
cultural cognition theory supports Chew's empirical finding that female judges
hold in favor of sexual-harassment and discrimination plaintiffs more often than
male judges, as well as her finding that female judges can induce a mixed-gender
panel into pro-plaintiff findings in these types of cases.

     [*468]

   Along with studies examining the impact of judges' gender in gender-based
cases, several studies also examine the impact of a judge's race in race-based
cases. Chew's article canvasses a twenty-year study investigating the outcomes
of racial harassment cases by comparing the rulings of African American judges
to Caucasian judges. n65 The study found that where African American judges
preside over cases involving racial discrimination, the "plaintiffs had the
highest success rate." n66 But when the judges are all Caucasian, plaintiffs
have lower success rates than that of the baseline average outcome for these
types of cases, which is already low. n67


   The study also examines the specific nature of racial harassment claims. When
the case concerns explicit forms of racial harassment, such as the use of racial
slurs, plaintiffs are even more successful in front of African American judges,
having a "60% success rate." n68 When racial slur cases come before Caucasian
judges, however, the plaintiffs' success rate drops to "only 27.6%." n69 The
study concludes that the judge's race does have an impact on the outcomes of
racial harassment cases generally, but the impact is amplified when the racial
quality of the harassment complained of is particularly egregious. n70


   Like the gender-based studies, this race-based study supports Secunda's
cultural cognition theory. When cases involve heightened degrees of race-based
considerations, the race of the presiding judge has an effect on the outcome.
And the more blatant the claim's racial quality, the starker the correlation.
The egregiousness of the claim's racial nature widens the success-rate gap for
litigants depending on whether the presiding judge is African American or
Caucasian. These specific findings support the general notion that when the
judge's minority status (race or gender) matches the minority-centered issue
(racial or sexual harassment), the substantive outcome is affected.

     [*469]

   Collectively, the aforementioned studies establish a meaningful correlation
between minority status and judicial decision making. Judicial empathy impacts
not only the minority judge, but also the perspective of fellow judges. Bringing
an empathetic perspective to the courtroom both impacts and enhances substantive
decision making.


   III. The Unique Circumstance of Native American Litigants


   Nowhere is empathy more needed - or more lacking - than in decisions
involving Native American parties. Native Americans, and the cultural empathy
they could bring, are conspicuously lacking on both the state and federal bench.
Though Native Americans comprise 1% of the general population, they make up only
0.1% of state court judges. There are currently no Native American federal
judges. n71 In fact, in all of United States history, only two Native Americans
have served on the federal judiciary. n72 The two Native Americans to ever hold
federal judgeships did so only at the district court level in the state of
Oklahoma. n73 This means that a Native American has never served as a judge at
the appellate level, nor on the United States Supreme Court, and that forty-nine
states have had no Native American representation in the federal judiciary.


   But the greater problem lies not in the numbers themselves; it lies in what
those numbers mean on a practical level. As highlighted in the previous section,
judicial diversity enhances substantive decision making by placing litigants
before empathetic judges. While such findings suggest that judges generally have
difficulty appreciating the motivations of litigants with characteristics that
differ from their own, the divide would undoubtedly be far greater for Native
American parties. The reason for this greater divide stems primarily from the
unique legal relationship between the federal government and the Indian tribes
and flows to other aspects of tribal life. Although a full discussion of the
myriad ways in which Native American legal issues differ from those of their
non-Native counterparts is outside the scope of this comment, a high-level
overview is necessary to appreciate the context- specific need for increased
Native American judicial diversity and the attendant empathy it creates. After
reviewing the complex  [*470]  web of legal rules that are so prohibitively
convoluted as to impede judicial sympathy (let alone empathy), this section then
examines Professor Matthew Fletcher's findings that the certiorari process
inherently disfavors tribal interests.


   A. A Primer in Indian Law and Tribal Life


   1. The Beginnings


   Federal Indian law finds its roots in three seminal cases known as the
Marshall Trilogy, which establish the foundational underpinnings of federal
Indian relations. n74 The first of these cases, Johnson v. M'Intosh, n75
established that discovery n76 gave the federal government title to all lands
within its borders, "subject only to the Indian right of occupancy." n77 In
other words, although the Indians have the right to occupy tribal lands, they
enjoy this right at the sufferance of the federal government, which holds the
underlying fee title. n78


   The second case in the Marshall Trilogy is Cherokee Nation v. Georgia. n79 In
this case, Chief Justice John Marshall was called upon to define the status of
tribes within the greater political structure. Relying on the express
distinction in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution that
distinguishes "foreign nations" and the "several states" from "Indian tribes,"
Marshall held that tribes were neither foreign states nor "one of the several
states composing the union." n80 This finding forced Marshall to  [*471]
fashion "a new form of sovereign - neither domestic state nor foreign nation -
but instead a domestic dependent nation, whose relationship to the United States
was akin to that of a ward to its guardian." n81 Marshall's characterization of
tribes as "domestic dependent nations" n82 spawned the trust doctrine, which
forms the basis of federal Indian relations. n83 Under the trust doctrine,
Congress "acquired not only power over affairs 'with' but also 'of' Indians."
n84 As guardians of the Indian wards, the federal government is charged with
protecting the Indians and their rights. n85


   The final case in the Marshall Trilogy, Worcester v. Georgia, n86 was decided
just one year after Cherokee Nation. In Worcester, Marshall held that "Congress
had 'plenary' power over Indian affairs." n87 He wrote that "[t]he whole
intercourse between the United States and [the tribes], is, by our constitution
and laws, vested in the government of the United States." n88 Because of
Congress's plenary power over Indian affairs, Marshall held  [*472]  that state
laws cannot reach the tribal lands that fall within their boundaries, nor the
Indians that occupy them. n89


   Collectively, these three cases establish that Indians hold property
differently from other American citizens, that their relationship with the
federal government differs from that of other American citizens, and that their
relationship with states differs from that of other American citizens. With such
marked distinctions in the most basic aspects of their existence, one can
appreciate how it is both more difficult and more important for judges charged
with determining tribal litigants' rights and responsibilities to understand the
circumstances of Native Americans.


   2. Shifting Federal Policies


   Adding to the already labyrinthine "basics" of Indian law, federal policy
regarding Indians has constantly shifted over the centuries, n90 leading to
era-dependent goals and rules. The first policy era was one of isolation and
separation, lasting "[t]hroughout the colonial era, and continuing after the
ratification of the United States Constitution." n91 This era of "peacekeeping
through separation" n92 ended with the federal government's proposed "solution
to the Indian problem." n93 Rather than accommodate the Indians' unique customs
within the broader social order, the government adopted an assimilationist
policy: "to introduce among the Indians the customs and pursuits of civilized
life and gradually to absorb them into the mass of our citizens." n94 The
General Allotment Act n95 of 1887 provided the means  [*473]  through which the
federal government would advance its assimilative goals. n96 By allotting tribal
lands to individual Indians, the Act was designed such that the Indians would
"become agrarian, Christians, and citizens." n97 The federal government's other,
more sinister goals with respect to assimilation included "breaking up tribal
ownership of land, opening the reservations for settlement, and destroying
tribal existence." n98


   As a federal policy, allotment not only failed to achieve its stated goals,
n99 but also had devastating consequences for tribes and their members, n100
[*474]  virtually decimating their land base. n101 "With a declining and
fragmented land base and scores of displaced families, the fabric and strength
of tribal government withered." n102


   Recognizing the damage that allotment was inflicting upon tribal communities,
the federal government reversed its assimilationist policy in 1934 with the
adoption of the Indian Reorganization Act, n103 designed to salvage whatever
remnants of tribal sovereignty remained. n104 The Act "was intended to foster
cohesive, land-based tribal communities . . . and to encourage Indian tribes to
revitalize their self-government." n105 In an effort to rebuild tribal
communities, the Act "establish[ed] territorial tribal governance by
incorporating communities of Indians as tribes" and "created new tribal polities
based on the existing reservation system." n106


   But after only a short time, the federal government once again grew weary of
promoting tribal sovereignty, and a new policy era was ushered in: termination.
Similar in sentiment to the allotment era, the termination policy went a step
further, and was "designed to end the authority and legal existence of tribal
governments." n107 Despite settled law holding that Congress has plenary power
over tribal matters and that tribes are to remain free from state interference,
n108 Congress "took [] steps to limit its involvement in Indian affairs and to
increase state powers over reservations." n109

     [*475]

   After several years of termination policy, the fickle n110 federal government
changed its tune, once again favoring tribal sovereignty over assimilative
efforts. n111 This new era of self-determination began in the 1960s, n112 but
achieved "official" status in 1970 with President Nixon's pronouncement that
federal policy was "to shift from forced tribal assimilation to tribal freedom
to determine the appropriate paths for the present and the future." n113
Self-determination meant "the ability of a people to decide their political
status and to direct their own social, cultural, and economic development." n114
But despite that "every President since 1960" has supported the
self-determination policy and that "Congress has also passed numerous statutes
empowering tribal governments," n115 the Court has not followed suit. n116 In
other words, not only has the federal government completely reversed its policy
stance toward tribes numerous times, but the branches within the government
appear fragmented with regard to their commitment to the self- determination
policy. For judges unfamiliar with the storied history of Indian law, making
sense of the patchwork of policies and the shifting rules that accompany them is
nearly  [*476]  hopeless, rendering the need to appoint Native American judges
familiar with this history and culture to the bench all the more important.


   3. Jurisdiction


   The rules surrounding jurisdiction over tribal members and their lands are
even more convoluted, multifarious, and riddled with nuance than the complex,
ever- shifting policy eras. Depending on a variety of factors, tribal, state, or
federal jurisdiction - or even some combination thereof - may apply. n117 There
are different jurisdictional rules depending on whether the legal issue is
criminal or civil. n118 Within the criminal context, there are different
jurisdictional rules depending on the nature and severity of the crime. n119
Within the civil context, there are different jurisdictional rules depending on
whether the nature of state involvement is adjudicatory or regulatory. n120
There are also different rules depending on the state in which the prescribed
conduct occurred, n121 as well as depending on whether it occurred within Indian
Country or outside its boundaries. n122 What qualifies as Indian Country,
however, is unsettled and provides a nucleus for many disputes. n123 Moreover,
different jurisdictional rules apply depending on whether each party appearing
before the judge is considered a tribal member, a nonmember Indian, or a
non-Indian. n124 And to make matters even more confusing, the questions of
jurisdiction and choice of law are not necessarily coterminous. It is possible
that a given set of circumstances will  [*477]  mandate the application of
tribal law in state courts, for example. n125 As a result, those judges deciding
tribal interests without an understanding of the many factors that go into
determining whether the court even has jurisdiction to make such decisions are
wont to hand down ill-informed rulings.


   4. Land "Ownership"


   The rules governing land held by Native Americans are unique and complex in
comparison to other property law in the United States. The divergence of Native
American property law originates in Chief Justice Marshall's characterization of
tribal landholding. n126 Today, complicated legal rules continue to govern
jurisdiction over tribal members and their lands, the way in which tribes hold
their lands, and the uses to which those lands can be put. The closest
non-Indian law parallel to Indian landholding is landlord-tenant law, with the
federal government acting as landlord and the tribes as tenants. n127 A tribe's
right of occupancy is similar to a tenant's right to occupy a leased property,
and like the landlord, the federal government holds the underlying fee title to
the subject lands.


   But there are some important differences between a traditional
landlord-tenant relationship and that of the federal government to tribes.
First, the federal government owes a fiduciary obligation to the tribes and
their members, n128 something that does not hold true in a traditional landlord-
[*478]  tenant relationship. Second, while in a traditional tenancy, an unhappy
tenant can terminate her lease and bring herself under the management of a new
landlord in the building next door, tribal members wishing to remain on Indian
lands cannot escape the control of the federal government. n129 Third, tenants'
possessory rights are typically contractual, with no inherent right to remain
indefinitely, n130 while tribal members' occupancy rights are not contractual
and carry the right to remain until such time as the federal government
"exercises its power of eminent domain," taking the Indians' lands under the
Fifth Amendment's authority. n131 And more differences exist still. Accordingly,
a judge who attempts to distill tribal landholding into nothing more than a
landlord- tenant relationship would miss many of the nuances that accompany
Indian title and could thereby leave important rights unvindicated.


   Because of the unique way in which tribes hold land, the rights associated
with such landholding are unique and torturously complex. The nature of land
ownership affects everything from the states' rights (or lack thereof) to levy
taxes on tribal lands and tribal members, n132 to the tribes' abilities to
acquire private loans. n133 Moreover, tribes and their members are governed by
separate federal legislation for a variety of everyday matters  [*479]  on
account of the nature of tribal landholding. n134 While a full discussion of
tribal land rights is outside the scope of this paper, suffice it to say that
judges cannot make informed, well-reasoned decisions without appreciating the
many earmarks of tribal landholding and its concomitant rights.


   B. The Prejudices of the Certiorari Process


   As the previous section detailed, the tribes' unique status within the
governmental structure means that the federal government, as guardian to the
tribes, must act in the tribes' best interests pursuant to the fiduciary duty it
owes them. n135 The term fiduciary comes from the Latin word fiducia, which
"carries connotations of total trust, good faith, and honesty." n136 A fiduciary
is "charged by law and equity with a higher duty [of] care" and is "required by
law to place ahead of own in all dealings . . . ." n137 But despite these most
exacting legal obligations, the federal government, through the certiorari
process, effectively disfavors tribal interests.


   Professor Matthew Fletcher published an extensive study of the certiorari
process surrounding tribal-interest petitions. His study reached some startling
conclusions regarding the inherent barriers to Supreme Court review of tribal-
interest cases, finding that the Supreme Court's certiorari process "creates an
affirmative barrier to justice for parties like Indian tribes and individual
Indians" by rejecting certiorari for nearly all petitions filed in favor of
tribal interests. n138 Moreover, if the Supreme Court decides to accept a
petition regarding tribal interests, there is a 75% chance that the tribal
interest will lose. n139 During the period between 1986 and 1993, ninety-two
tribal-interest petitions were considered for certiorari, with the  [*480]
Supreme Court granting only one of those petitions. n140 During the same period,
states and local governments, countering the positions of tribal interests,
filed only thirty-seven certiorari petitions. n141 And yet, the Court granted
fourteen of those petitions. n142 Native Americans are pleading with the Court
for legal review of tribal issues far more often than states - and are being
rejected far more often as well. n143


   Professor Fletcher asserts that this disparity in the certiorari process is
not caused by "mere agenda-setting" on the part of the Supreme Court. n144
Rather, he maintains "that the certiorari process itself creates conditions that
lead the Supreme Court to accept cases that are likely to be decided against
tribal interests." n145 Much of the problem stems from the value that the
Supreme Court places on resolving jurisdictional splits n146 and unsettled law.
n147 Tribal-interest cases fail to meet either of these criteria most of the
time. n148


   But what happens if tribes, their members, or their supporters are able to
get a case in front of the Supreme Court? Fletcher's study suggests that, over
the last few decades, even if tribal parties appear before the Supreme Court,
they are unlikely to win. His study found that between 1986 and  [*481]  2006,
the Supreme Court decided forty-eight Indian law cases, with tribal interests
winning only eleven times. n149 While these figures are troubling, there is hope
to reverse these trends, and that hope lies in nominating Native American judges
to the federal bench.


   IV. Arvo Mikkanen's Failed Nomination: What Might Have Been


   A. The Failed Nomination of a Qualified Native American to the Federal
Judiciary


   In February 2011, President Barack Obama nominated Arvo Mikkanen to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma. n150 Former
Oklahoma governor, Brad Henry, supported the President in this nomination. n151
President Obama's nomination and Governor Henry's approval were well deserved.
Mikkanen graduated magna cum laude from Dartmouth College, received his Juris
Doctor from Yale Law School, clerked for two federal judges, currently serves as
an Assistant United States Attorney, and is the current president of the
Oklahoma Indian Bar Association. n152 He also received a unanimous rating of
"qualified" from the American Bar Association in consideration for his
nomination to be a federal district judge. n153


   Mikkanen has strong ties to Oklahoma, serving as an Oklahoma lawyer for
twenty- five years. n154 Mikkanen's former U.S. Attorney supervisor, Dan Webber,
said that Mikkanen "has been recognized by the Oklahoma Bar Association for his
pro bono service and by the FBI for his prosecutorial skills." n155 Further, as
"an expert on federal criminal jurisdiction in Indian  [*482]  Country," n156
Mikkanen helped launch the "use of child psychologists and specially trained
pediatricians in the process of interviewing preteen victims of sexual abuse."
n157


   Despite Mikkanen's strong credentials and deep ties to Oklahoma, his
nomination faced immediate opposition from Oklahoma senators Tom Coburn and
James Inhofe. n158 Senator Coburn n159 said that Mikkanen was "unacceptable" for
the position, n160 offering as explanation nothing more than an alleged breach
of protocol, n161 which itself was no fault of Mikkanen's. The alleged breach of
protocol concerned the executive branch's failure to consult the Oklahoma
Senators prior to announcing the nominations. n162 By mid-December 2011, the
Oklahoma Senators were  [*483]  successful in completely blocking Mikkanen's
nomination for a federal judgeship in the Northern District. n163 Absent a
formal record, it is impossible to determine precisely why Mikkanen's nomination
was considered "unacceptable." n164


   While rejecting without explanation a qualified Native American judicial
nominee at a time when Native interests are suffering is troubling in itself,
that the rejection came in Oklahoma is all the more troubling. Oklahoma boasts
the second largest Native American population in the country. n165 Moreover,
Mikkanen is a Kiowa Tribe member, n166 meaning that he would have been "only the
third recorded Native American federal judge in U.S. history." n167

     [*484]

   B. What Could Have Been


   The startlingly low number of Native American judges throughout American
history matters for all of the reasons discussed so far in this comment. First,
it affects the public's perception of the judicial branch. Democracy flourishes
when citizens trust the government and remain involved in its affairs. But in
the American democratic system, citizens cannot cast votes for federal judges.
Instead, members of the executive and legislative branches appoint these judges.
When the public lacks a direct say in who will be the ultimate arbiters of their
affairs, the onus on the government to appoint a diverse bench becomes
critically important. Because public confidence increases when the federal bench
reflects a cross section of society, n168 greater judicial diversity breeds a
public more likely to accept that the judicial system is also a democratic
system.


   Had Arvo Mikkanen been confirmed as a federal judge, research suggests that
it would have increased "both public support of the courts and perceptions of
fairness." n169 The effects of such a judicial appointment in Oklahoma would
have been even more pronounced because of its notably high Native American
population. With 8% of Oklahoma's population self-identifying as Native
American, n170 the presence of a Native American judge in the Oklahoma courts is
necessary for its judiciary to reflect a cross section of society - the key
ingredient to engendering public confidence in the judiciary.


   In addition to its impact on public confidence, the lack of Native Americans
on the federal bench affects substantive decision making by impeding empathy. In
Part II, this comment examined various studies on judicial empathy, the
collective results of which established a meaningful correlation between
minority status and judicial decision making. Judicial empathy impacts not only
the minority judge, but fellow judges as well. Bringing an empathetic, human
perspective to the courtroom both impacts and enhances substantive decision
making. For example, the studies indicate that the presence of female judges
affects the outcomes of gender-based cases, that the presence of African
American judges affects the outcomes of race-based cases, and that one's own
minority status has a subconscious effect on the judicial decision- making
process. n171 A logical extension of these principles would presume that the
presence of a Native American judge, such as Arvo Mikkanen, would affect the
outcomes of  [*485]  tribal-interest cases. And with Oklahoma's sizeable Indian
population, tribal- interest cases are likely to arise in Oklahoma courts with
relative frequency, making the presence of an empathetic judge all the more
critical.


   Intimately related to judicial empathy, the lack of Native Americans on the
bench places Native American plaintiffs before judges who are often poorly
versed in the intricate and nuanced field of Indian law. n172 Judges frequently
do not appreciate the nature of the unique relationship between the federal
government and the tribes. n173 They are also unlikely to appreciate the
historically shifting patterns of federal Indian policy, which make many of the
laws governing tribes and their members era-dependent. n174 They are unlikely to
appreciate the manifold rules governing jurisdiction, which mandate that
different government bodies deal with different matters, depending on countless
factors relating to the nature of the dispute, as well as the tribal member,
nonmember, or non-Indian status of each party. n175 They are unlikely to
appreciate the nature of tribal landholding, which is unlike any other form of
landholding with which they may be familiar. n176


   Not only are the laws governing Native Americans markedly different from the
laws governing the rest of society, but the ultimate goal of the pro-tribal
movement departs from all other minority-based movements with respect to its
ultimate goal, making its understanding by outsiders all the more elusive. While
traditional pro- minority movements advocate for equality in the form of civil
rights, pro-tribal movements instead advocate for the right to remain different
through the exercise of sovereign rights. n177 As Professor David Getches aptly
notes, "open- minded judge[s], conscious of latent prejudices," may be able to
sympathize "with a person disadvantaged by society's exclusion or
disenfranchisement, but a new  [*486]  dimension is added when the 'different'
claimant or class asserts the right to remain different." n178 As a result of
the different motivations behind traditional pro-minority movements and the pro-
tribal movement, Professor Getches asserts that "a panel of elite, predominately
white male lawyers" may find it easier "to understand the problem of employment
discrimination against an African-American single mother whose goal is to come
closer to the mainstream than . . . to appreciate the importance of cultural
survival that depends on tribal traditions and autonomy that would allow killing
eagles for ceremonial purposes." n179 In other words, there is a lack of
familiarity with tribal interests compared with other minority interests,
impeding the potential for judicial empathy to an even greater degree.


   While the absence of Native Americans on the bench has symbolic and
substantive effects through its impact on public perception and empathetic,
informed decision making, it also has practical effects. The lack of Native
American presence in the judiciary may exacerbate the barriers to tribal
-interest petitions reaching the Supreme Court because tribes lack an internal
voice to counter memo writers' assumptions that "tribal interests are not
important to their audience." n180 Professor Fletcher's study found that tribal
-interest certiorari petitions are disproportionately rejected. n181 Moreover,
when tribal-interest issues do make it before the Supreme Court, the Court finds
against tribal interests in the vast majority of cases. n182 Arvo Mikkanen might
have been able to alter this trend. As a proven advocate of Native interests,
n183 he could have brought greater awareness to Professor Fletcher's findings.
He could have demonstrated that tribal interests are American interests. He
could have shown that Indian law is anything but settled, bringing tribal
-interest petitions within the class likely to be granted certiorari. n184


   And what if Arvo Mikkanen or another Native American eventually found himself
on the Supreme Court? As studies indicate, the presence of a minority judge on a
panel not only affects the substantive decision making of the individual
minority judge, but similarly affects the substantive decision making of all the
judges who sit with him on the given panel. n185  [*487]  From this, one could
draw the logical conclusion that Native American representation on the Supreme
Court would lead to more favorable outcomes for tribal parties. Federal Indian
policy could become more settled. n186 Laws governing relations with Indians and
tribes could become less ambiguous, more universally familiar, and more widely
understood.


   V. Conclusion


   Nominating a Native American to the federal bench would have implications far
beyond its symbolic social value. Not only would Native American presence on the
judicial panel influence societal perceptions of justice and fairness, but it
would also enhance substantive decision making, leading to empathetic holdings
that respect tribal interests. Native American judges would bring unique tribal
perspectives to the bench, elevating the panel's understanding of the convoluted
field of Indian law, with its rich but serpentine history. Moreover, they would
bring hope to tribal parties endeavoring to bring their disputes before the
Supreme Court.


   Arvo Mikkanen's nomination could have reinvigorated a Native American
population suffocating under the weight of repeated rejections and defeats in
federal courts. If the next Native American nominee is confirmed, this comment
asserts that his or her presence on the federal judiciary will increase public
confidence in the justice system, will enhance substantive decision making in
tribal-interest cases, and will place tribal litigants in front of empathetic
judges who are familiar with and respectful of their unique circumstance.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureJudicial OfficersJudgesGeneral OverviewImmigration LawAsylum &
Related ReliefEligibilityLabor & Employment LawDiscriminationHarassmentSexual
HarassmentStatutes of Limitations

FOOTNOTES:




n1  David H. Getches, Beyond Indian Law: The Rehnquist Court's Pursuit of
States' Rights, Color-Blind Justice and Mainstream Values, 86 Minn. L. Rev. 267,
296 (2001).




n2  See generally Israel Zangwill, From the Ghetto to the Melting Pot: Israel
Zangwill's Jewish Plays (Edna Nahshon ed., 2005).




n3  See generally Jerry Kang & Mahzarin R. Banaji, Fair Measures: A Behavioral
Realist Revision of "Affirmative Action," 94 Cal. L. Rev. 1063 (2006)
(suggesting that the Affirmative Action conversation be re-framed with
scientific findings of implicit bias in mind).




n4  Regents of Univ. of Cal. v. Bakke, 438 U.S. 265, 312 (1978) (quoting United
States v. Associated Press, 52 F. Supp. 362, 372 (S.D.N.Y. 1943)). The Supreme
Court recognizes that student body diversity is a compelling state interest.
Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U.S. 306 (2003). In practical terms, this means that
the Court considers racial variety an essential component to a student's higher
education.




n5  See Leslie Kwoh, Firms Hail New Chiefs (of Diversity), Wall St. J., Jan. 5 ,
2 0 1 2 ,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203899504577129261732884578.html?K
EYW OR DS=Diverse+CEO. In fact, minorities are responsible for launching over
half of the technology groups in Silicon Valley, for creating more than a
quarter of the nation's global patents, and for comprising nearly a quarter of
our science and engineering sector. Richard Florida, The Melting Pot That Isn't:
Why America Needs Better Immigration, Atlantic (Apr. 19, 2011, 9:30 AM ET),
http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/04/the-melting-pot-that-isnt-wh
y- america-needs-better-immigration/72048/.




n6  In fact, many critics of diversity believe that forcing diversity is
arbitrary, uncalled for, and even unconstitutional. See Grutter, 539 U.S. at
316-17 (discussing petitioner's argument that race-conscious admission programs
violate Equal Protection rights).




n7  Matthew L.M. Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless: The Certiorari Process as
Barrier to Justice for Indian Tribes, 51 Ariz. L. Rev. 933, 935 (2009)
[hereinafter Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless].




n8  See infra Part II.




n9  See generally Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless, supra note 7.




n10  Barbara L. Graham, Toward an Understanding of Judicial Diversity in
American Courts, 10 Mich. J. Race & L. 153, 156 (2004) (quoting Sherrilyn A.
Ifill, Racial Diversity on the Bench: Beyond Role Models and Public Confidence,
57 Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 405, 449-58 (2000)).




n11  Id. (quoting Edward M. Chen, The Judiciary, Diversity, and Justice for All,
91 Cal. L. Rev. 1109, 1117-20 (2003)) (internal quotation marks omitted).




n12  Id. (internal quotation marks omitted).




n13  Id.




n14  Ciara Torres-Spelliscy, A Bench That Looks Like America: Diversity Among
Appointed State Court Judges, Judges' J., Summer 2009, at 12, 14.




n15  Sylvia R. Lazos Vargas, Only Skin Deep?: The Cost of Partisan Politics on
Minority Diversity on the Federal Bench, 83 Ind. L.J. 1423, 1424 (2008).




n16  Torres-Spelliscy, supra note 14, at 13.




n17  Id. (quoting Jeffrey D. Jackson, Beyond Quality: First Principles in
Judicial Selection and Their Application to a Commission-Based Selection System,
34 Fordham Urb. L.J. 125, 145 (2007)).




n18  Professor Barbara Graham also recognizes the general public's increased
confidence when the representation on courts is diverse. Graham, supra note 10,
at 156. She maintains that "[a] diverse judiciary signals the public
acknowledgement of historically excluded communities and sends an invaluable
message of inclusion." Id. (quoting Chen, supra note 11, at 1117-20) (internal
quotation marks omitted). Similarly, Professor Sylvia Lazos Vargas argues that
"as a democratic institution, [the judiciary] should be derived from and
representative of 'we the people.'" Vargas, supra note 15, at 1427.




n19  Graham, supra note 10, at 156.




n20  Id.




n21  See Tokenism, Merriam-Webster.com, http://www.merriam-webster.com (last
visited June 6, 2012).




n22  See Rorie L. Spill Solberg & Kathleen A. Bratton, Diversifying the Federal
Bench: Presidential Patterns, 26 Just. Sys. J. 119, 123 (2005).




n23  Id.




n24  See infra Part II.B.




n25  Graham, supra note 10, at 156.




n26  Torres-Spelliscy, supra note 14, at 13.




n27  Id. (citation omitted).




n28  Graham, supra note 10, at 156.




n29  Id.




n30  See, e.g., Paul M. Secunda, Cultural Cognition at Work, 38 Fla. St. U. L.
Rev. 107 (2010).




n31  In his book, The Federal Courts, Richard Posner discusses the legal
tradition known as "formalism." Richard A. Posner, The Federal Courts: Challenge
and Reform 307 (2d prtg. 1996). Formalism "is the idea that the judge has no
will, makes no value choices, but is just a kind of calculating machine." Id.
The proponents of formalism see a difference between the role of the "passive
transmitter[]" of the law and the role of "creators" of the law. Id. at 308.
Under a formalistic approach, the judge uses "logical deduction" and receives
"principles of the law from his predecessors, from custom, from judges of higher
courts . . . and from the Constitution . . . ." Id.




n32  Vargas, supra note 15, at 1426.




n33  Legal realists have vastly different views regarding jurisprudence when
compared to formalists. One prominent realist, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes,
Jr., wrote the famous line, "The life of the law has not been logic: it has been
experience." Id. at 305 (quoting Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., The Common Law 1
(1881)); see also id. (quoting Holmes, supra, at 1) ("The felt necessities of
the time, the prevalent moral and political theories, intuitions of public
policy, avowed or unconscious, even the prejudices which judges share with their
fellow-men, have had a good deal more to do than the syllogism in determining
the rules by which men should be governed."). Several modern authors agree with
Holmes, arguing that formalism is actually "a myth" supported by a false notion
that decision making must and can be done objectively. See generally Pat K. Chew
& Robert E. Kelley, Myth of the Color-Blind Judge: An Empirical Analysis of
Racial Harassment Cases, 86 Wash. U. L. Rev. 1117 (2009). Professor Barbara
Graham quotes Harry Stumpf's discussion on the "great paradox of the judicial
role": Courts and other things legal continue to be important symbols of
government, under girding the wish-fulfilling notions we have of impartial
decision-making. At the same time, one can hardly deny that courts are
political, for in construing statutes, executive orders, or constitutions, they
inevitably weigh competing arguments, interests, and philosophies in arriving at
decisions that cannot be neutral.  Graham, supra note 10, at 160 (quoting Harry
P. Stumpf, American Judicial Politics 187 (2d ed. 1998)).




n34  Chew & Kelley, supra note 33, at 1131 (citation omitted).




n35  Prior to his presidential election, Barack Obama stated that he would
nominate judges who have the "empathy to understand what it's like to be poor,
or African American, or gay, or disabled, or old." Ilya Somin & Erwin
Chemerinsky, Is There a Conflict Between Empathy and Good Judging?, L.A. Times
(May 28, 2009), http://www.latimes.com/
news/opinion/opinionla/la-oew-chemerinsky-somin28- 2009may28,0,4921073.story.
This statement led to an argument about whether empathy is a legitimate basis
for judicial rulings. While the formalist argues that empathy should not factor
into judicial decision making because it clouds logical deduction with
emotion-based considerations, the realist counters that judging has never been a
calculated process, and that it has always been a highly discretionary and
human- based activity. Moreover, interpreting legal rules that were implemented
as a result of social norms requires the use of a judge's values, not "any
objective methodology." Id.




n36  Nancy Eisenberg & Paul Miller, Empathy, Sympathy, and Altruism: Empirical
and Conceptual Links, in Empathy and its Development 292 (Nancy Eisenberg &
Janet Strayer eds., 1987).




n37  See infra notes 38-69 and accompanying text.




n38  While some skeptics may counter with the argument that empathy engenders
bias, that same line of reasoning would suggest an overall judicial bias in
favor of white, upper-class males.




n39  See generally Secunda, supra note 30.




n40  Id. at 108.




n41  Id.




n42  Id. at 109.




n43  Id.




n44  Id. at 118-21.




n45  Id. at 120-21.




n46  Id. at 120.




n47  Id. (quoting Dan M. Kahan et al., Whose Eyes Are You Going to Believe?
Scott v. Harris and the Perils of Cognitive Illiberalism, 122 Harv. L. Rev. 837,
863 (2009)).




n48  Id. at 112.




n49  See generally Pat K. Chew, Judges' Gender and Employment Discrimination
Cases: Emerging Evidence-Based Empirical Conclusions, 14 J. Gender Race & Just.
359 (2011).




n50  Id. at 360.




n51  Id.




n52  Id. at 361.




n53  See id. at 362-66.




n54  Id. at 366 (citing Christina L. Boyd, Lee Epstein, & Andrew D. Martin,
Untangling the Causal Effects of Sex on Judging 2 (2009) (unpublished paper) (on
file with the Journal of Gender, Race & Justice)).




n55  Id. (citing Nancy E. Crowe, The Effects of Judges' Sex and Race on Judicial
Decision Making on the United States Courts of Appeals, 1981-1996 (1999)
(unpublished doctoral dissertation, University of Chicago) (on file with the
Journal of Gender, Race & Justice); Tajuana Massie et al., The Impact of Gender
and Race in the Decisions of Judges on the United States Courts of Appeals (Apr.
25-28, 2002) (unpublished manuscript) (on file with the Journal of Gender, Race
& Justice); Jennifer L. Peresie, Note, Female Judges Matter: Gender and
Collegial Decisionmaking in the Federal Appellate Courts, 114 Yale L.J. 1759
(2005)). Another study, however, found that gender made no difference in
judicial decision making. Id. (citing Carol T. Kulik et al., Here Comes the
Judge: The Influence of Judge Personal Characteristics on Federal Sexual
Harassment Case Outcomes, 27 Law & Hum. Behav. 69 (2003)). Because of the
reliable research methodologies it employed, Chew's article focuses on a
particular sexual discrimination study that found a correlation between female
judges and plaintiff victories. Id. at 367.




n56  Id. at 367.




n57  Id.




n58  Id.




n59  See id.




n60  Although employment discrimination cases may often concern gender-based
discrimination, they also often relate to race, ethnicity, religion, or some
other minority-based factor. It is therefore fair to state that while sexual
harassment and sexual discrimination cases characteristically concern
gender-based claims, employment discrimination cases only sometimes center on
gender.




n61  While some studies found similar correlations between gender and pro-
plaintiff outcomes, other studies found no correlation between these factors.
Id. at 367-68.




n62  Id. at 368 (citing Sean Farhang & Gregory Wawro, Institutional Dynamics on
the U.S. Court of Appeals: Minority Representation Under Panel Decision Making,
20 J.L. Econ. & Org. 299, 301 (2004)).




n63  Id. at 369.




n64  Id. at 371.




n65  See generally Chew & Kelley, supra note 33. The authors of the study admit
that they cannot predict judicial outcomes based on the judge's race. Id. at
1117. They do conclude, however, that African American and Caucasian judges
"perceive racial harassment" cases differently. Id. The cases discussed in this
study predominantly feature Caucasian judges presiding over cases involving
African American plaintiffs complaining of racial employment discrimination by
their Caucasian superiors or fellow employees. Id. at 1135-36.




n66  Id. at 1141.




n67  Id.




n68  Id. at 1150.




n69  Id.




n70  Id. at 1156.




n71  Id. at 1122-24, 1126.




n72  Andrew Cohen, The Mikkanen Nomination and the White Man, Atlantic (Feb. 6,
2011, 12:13 PM),
http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2011/02/the-mikkanen- nomi
nation-and-the-white-man/70752/ [hereinafter Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination]. This
underrepresentation is not limited to the judiciary. In 2002, only "0.2% of
lawyers were Native American." Chew & Kelley, supra note 33, at 1127.




n73  Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination, supra note 72.




n74  Jen Camden & Kathryn E. Fort, "Channeling Thought": The Legacy of Legal
Fictions from 1823, 33 Am. Indian L. Rev. 77, 86 (2008-2009).




n75  21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543 (1823).




n76  The discovery doctrine "provided that newly arrived Europeans immediately
and automatically acquired legally recognized property rights in native lands
and also gained governmental, political, and commercial rights over the
inhabitants without the knowledge or the consent of the Indigenous peoples."
Robert J. Miller et al., Discovering Indigenous Lands: The Doctrine of Discovery
in the English Colonies 2 (2010).




n77  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 585.




n78  Katheleen R. Guzman, Give or Take an Acre: Property Norms and the Indian
Land Consolidation Act, 85 Iowa L. Rev. 595, 602-03 (2000) ("The 1823 decision
of Johnson v. M'Intosh constructed the current foundation for federal Indian
land policy by swiftly sweeping Indian land 'ownership' into the oddly-hybrid
form it retains today: tribal use at federal sufferance. Johnson involved claims
of colonial speculators to enormous land parcels through purchase from two
tribes. Denying their claim in favor of purchasers from the federal government,
Johnson held that, via the British Crown, discovery conferred fee title, and,
thus, transferability, upon the United States, subject only to tribal rights of
use and occupancy which were extinguishable by federal conquest or purchase.").




n79  30 U.S. (5 Pet.) 1 (1831).




n80  Id. at 18.




n81  Taiawagi Helton, Introduction to the IACHR Report on Indigenous and Tribal
Peoples' Rights over Their Ancestral Lands and Natural Resources: Norms and
Jurisprudence of the Inter-American Human Rights System, 35 Am. Indian L. Rev.
257, 257-58 n.4 (2010-2011).




n82  Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. (5 Pet.) at 17.




n83  George Jackson III, Chickasaw Nation v. United States and the Potential
Demise of the Indian Canon of Construction, 27 Am. Indian L. Rev. 399, 402-03
(2002- 2003) ("Marshall wrote that the Indian Nations may be more correctly
'denominated as domestic dependent nations,' with their relationship to the
United States resembling 'that of a ward to his guardian.' These words, now the
touchstone of Federal Indian law, established the trust relationship between the
federal government and the Indian tribes that remains to this day.").




n84  Helton, supra note 81, at 257 n.3.




n85  Benjamin W. Thompson, The De Facto Termination of Alaska Native
Sovereignty: An Anomaly in an Era of Self-Determination, 24 Am. Indian L. Rev.
421, 424 (1999-2000) ("Critical to an understanding of the context of tribal
sovereignty and the impetus behind the various past federal Indian policies is
an awareness of the nature of the relationship of Native Americans to the
federal government. The relationship is known as a trust relationship, with
Congress as trustee, Native Americans as the beneficiaries, and Native
Americans' real property and natural resources as the corpus, whereby the
federal government owes a fiduciary duty or obligation to Native Americans. One
commentator defined the trusteeship as 'the legal and moral duty of the United
States to assist Indians in the protection of their property and rights.'")
(quoting Gilbert L. Hall, The Federal-Indian Trust Relationship 3 (1979)).




n86  31 U.S. (6 Pet.) 515 (1832).




n87  William Bradford, "With a Very Great Blame on Our Hearts": Reparations,
Reconciliation, and an American Indian Plea for Peace with Justice, 27 Am.
Indian L. Rev. 1, 33-34 (2002-2003).




n88  Worcester, 31 U.S. (6 Pet.) at 561.




n89  Id. ("The Cherokee nation, then, is a distinct community occupying its own
territory, with boundaries accurately described, in which the laws of Georgia
can have no force, and which the citizens of Georgia have no right to enter, but
with the assent of the Cherokees themselves, or in conformity with treaties, and
with the acts of congress.").




n90  Darla J. Mondou, Our Land Is What Makes Us Who We Are: Timber Harvesting on
Tribal Reservations After the NIFRMA, 21 Am. Indian L. Rev. 259, 262-63 (1997).




n91  John D. Barton & Candace M. Barton, Jurisdiction of Ute Reservation Lands,
26 Am. Indian L. Rev. 133, 133 (2001-2002).




n92  Jered T. Davidson, Comment, This Land Is Your Land, This Land Is My Land?
Why the Cobell Settlement Will Not Resolve Indian Land Fractionation, 35 Am
Indian L. Rev. 575, 580 (2010-2011).




n93  Padraic I. McCoy, The Land Must Hold the People: Native Modes of
Territoriality and Contemporary Tribal Justifications for Placing Land into
Trust through 25 C.F.R. Part 15, 27 Am. Indian L. Rev. 421, 447 (2002-2003)
(internal quotation marks omitted).




n94  Id. (internal quotation marks omitted).




n95  Act of Feb. 8, 1887, ch. 119, 24 Stat. 288 (codified as amended at 25
U.S.C. §§ 331-334, 339, 341-342, 348-349, 354, 381 (2006)). The General
Allotment Act is also known as the Dawes Act. Suzianne D. Painter-Thorne, One
Step Forward, Two Giant Steps Back: How the "Existing Indian Family" Exception
(Re)Imposes Anglo American Legal Values on American Indian Tribes to the
Detriment of Cultural Autonomy, 33 Am. Indian L. Rev. 329, 348 (2008-2009).




n96  John Fredericks III, Indian Lands: Financing Indian Culture: Mortgaged
Indian Lands and the Federal Trust Responsibility, 14 Am. Indian L. Rev. 105,
105 (1989); Guzman, supra note 78, at 597 ("In 1887, Congress passed the General
Allotment Act to privatize Indian reservations and advance the assimilationist
sentiment of the day. The Act divested land from tribes to their members, each
of whom received a tract of land on a wing and a prayer: become an autonomous
Christian agrarian."); Painter-Thorne, supra note 95, at 349 ("It was hoped that
allotment would solve the problems of the Indians in one generation, as the
effect of ownership of private property would impel the native person into a
'civilized' state.") (quoting Vine Deloria, Jr. & Clifford M. Lytle, American
Indians, American Justice 9 (1983)) (internal quotation marks omitted); McCoy,
supra note 93, at 447-48 ("The purpose of this policy was to assimilate Indian
people and tribes into American society, to dissolve the uniqueness of
individual Indians and tribal communities, and to 'rescue' Indians and tribes
from their 'primitive' life-ways.").




n97  Davidson, supra note 92, at 580.




n98  Robert J. Miller, Exercising Cultural Self-Determination: The Makah Indian
Tribe Goes Whaling, 25 Am. Indian L. Rev. 165, 212 (2000-2001) [hereinafter
Miller, Cultural Self-Determination].




n99  Scott A. Taylor, State Property Taxation of Tribal Fee Lands Located Within
Reservation Boundaries: Reconsidering County of Yakima v. Confederated Tribes &
Bands of the Yakima Indian Nation and Leech Lake Band of Chippewa Indians v.
Cass County, 23 Am. Indian L. Rev. 55 (1998-1999) (noting that "Congress
concluded that the allotment system was a failure"); see also Guzman, supra note
78, at 605 ("Unless its covert purpose was to force precipitous declines in
Indian-held acreage, allotment failed."); James T. Hamilton, Progressing Back: A
Tribal Solution for a Federal Morass, 27 Am. Indian L. Rev. 375, 377 n.7
(2002-2003) ("Allotment was a tremendous 'success,' at least insofar as it was
intended to be a massive land grab.").




n100  John W. Ragsdale, Jr., Values in Transition: The Chiricahua Apache from
1886-1914, 35 Am. Indian L. Rev. 39, 79 (2010-2011) ("Allotment resulted in a
dramatic loss in tribal land holdings . . . . It also meant impoverishment for
most of the Indian individuals (who often got the worst of the allotments),
inadequate capital to make new beginnings, little instruction, limited access to
markets, and a weakened tribe and social service network to buffer them.").




n101  Bethany Ruth Berger, After Pocahontas: Indian Women and the Law, 1830 to
1934, 21 Am. Indian L. Rev. 1, 8 (1997) ("The effects were devastating - of
138,000,000 acres Indians held when the Dawes Act was passed, only 48,000,000
were left in 1934, and nearly half of these were desert or semidesert.").




n102  Eric Lemont, Developing Effective Processes of American Indian
Constitutional and Governmental Reform: Lessons from the Cherokee Nation of
Oklahoma, Hualapai Nation, Navajo Nation, and Northern Cheyenne Tribe, 26 Am.
Indian L. Rev. 147, 151 (2001-2002).




n103  Ch. 576, 48 Stat. 984 (1934) (codified as amended 25 U.S.C. §§ 461-495
(2006)).




n104  See Kristina L. McCulley, Comment, The American Indian Probatye Reform Act
of 2004: The Death of Fractionation or Individual Native American Property
Interests and Tribal Customs?, 30 Am. Indian L. Rev. 401, 409 (2005-2006)
(noting that the Indian Reorganization Act "encouraged the promotion of tribal
self- government").




n105  Kirsty Gover, Genealogy as Continuity: Explaining the Growing Tribal
Preference for Descent Rules in Membership Governance in the United States, 33
Am. Indian L. Rev. 234, 274 (2008-2009).




n106  Id. at 275.




n107  Miller, Cultural Self-Determination, supra note 98, at 213.




n108  See supra Part III.A.1.




n109  Miller, Cultural Self-Determination, supra note 98, at 213-14.




n110  Aaron F.W. Meek, Comment, The Conflict Between State Tests of Tribal
Entity Immunity and the Congressional Policy of Indian Self-Determination, 35
Am. Indian L. Rev. 141, 142 (2010-2011) (noting that "[t]hroughout United States
history, Indian law has been subject to the ebb and flow of a fickle Congress").




n111  See Nathaniel T. Haskins, Note, Framing Concurrent Jurisdiction Issues in
the Self-Determination Era: Accepting the First Circuit's Analysis but Rejecting
its Application to Preserve Tribal Sovereignty, 32 Am. Indian L. Rev. 441, 444
(2007- 2008).




n112  Ann Richard, Note, Application of the National Labor Relations Act and the
Fair Labor Standards Act to Indian Tribes: Thwarting the Economic Self-
Determination of Tribes, 30 Am. Indian L. Rev. 203, 219 (2005-2006).




n113  Whitney Kerr, Giving Up the "I": How the National Museum of the American
Indian Appropriated Tribal Voices, 29 Am. Indian L. Rev. 421, 422 (2004- 2005)
(citing Message from the President of the United States Transmitting
Recommendations for Indian Policy, H.R. Doc. No. 91-363 (1970)); see also Derek
C. Haskew, Federal Consultation with Indian Tribes: The Foundation of
Enlightened Policy Decisions, or Another Badge of Shame?, 24 Am. Indian L. Rev.
21, 32 (2000) (noting that "President Nixon's 1970 message to Congress on Indian
affairs is the landmark beginning of the 'Self-Determination' era").




n114  Joanna M. Wagner, Improving Native American Access to Federal Funding for
Economic Development through Partnerships with Rural Communities, 32 Am. Indian
L. Rev. 525, 527 (2007-2008).




n115  Meek, supra note 110, at 142-43.




n116  See generally Matthew L.M. Fletcher, Sawnawgezewog: "The Indian Problem"
and the Lost Art of Survival, 28 Am. Indian L. Rev. 35, 67 (2003-2004)
(reviewing and summarizing the many Supreme Court cases that "take[] the concept
of self-determination that has been the paradigm of congressional Indian policy
since 1970, pervert[] it, twist[] it, and reverse[] it").




n117  See Dale Beck Furnish, Sorting Out Civil Jurisdiction in Indian Country
After Plains Commerce Bank: State Courts and the Judicial Sovereignty of the
Navajo Nation, 33 Am. Indian L. Rev. 385, 393 (2008-2009).




n118  See Douglas B. Cubberley, Note, Criminal Jurisdiction over Nonmember
Indians: The Legal Void After Duro v. Reina, 16 Am. Indian L. Rev. 213, 235
(1991).




n119  See Henry S. Noyes, A "Civil" Method of Law Enforcement on the
Reservation: In Rem Forfeiture and Indian Law, 20 Am. Indian L. Rev. 307, 307-08
(1995-1996).




n120  See Sandra Hansen, Survey of Civil Jurisdiction in Indian Country 1990, 16
Am. Indian L. Rev. 319, 338-39 (1991).




n121  William V. Vetter, A New Corridor for the Maze: Tribal Criminal
Jurisdiction and Nonmember Indians, 17 Am. Indian L. Rev. 349, 350 (1992)
(noting that Public Law 280 transferred limited jurisdiction over tribal matters
to certain states).




n122  Mary Beth West, Natural Resources Development on Indian Reservations:
Overview of Tribal, State, and Federal Jurisdiction, 17 Am. Indian L. Rev. 71,
87 (1992).




n123  See, e.g., Jennifer Nutt Carleton, State Income Taxation of Nonmember
Indians in Indian Country, 27 Am. Indian L. Rev. 253, 255 (2002-2003).




n124  See, e.g., Grant Christensen, Creating Bright-Line Rules for Tribal Court
Jurisdiction over Non-Indians: The Case of Trespass to Real Property, 35 Am.
Indian L. Rev. 527, 560 (2010-2011).




n125  See Jackie Gardina, Federal Preemption: A Roadmap for the Application of
Tribal Law in State Courts, 35 Am. Indian L. Rev. 1, 23 (2010-2011) (noting that
"[a]fter the state court determines that it has legislative jurisdiction, a
separate question arises regarding what law applies in a civil dispute between
private parties").




n126  Recall that Marshall characterized the nature of tribes' landholding as a
right of occupancy, with the federal government retaining the underlying fee
title to the subject lands. In other words, the tribes hold possessory rights to
the lands. David J. Bloch, Colonizing the Last Frontier, 29 Am. Indian L. Rev.
1, 10 (2004-2005).




n127  David E. Wilkins, Johnson v. M'Intosh Revisited: Through the Eyes of
Mitchel v. United States, 19 Am. Indian L. Rev. 159, 164 (1994) ("The federal
government, as the ultimate landlord, not only possesse[s] the power to
terminate the 'tenancy' of its occupants but also could materially affect the
lives of Indians through its control and regulation of land use.") (quoting
Deloria & Lytle, supra note 96, at 26-27) (internal quotation marks omitted).




n128  See, e.g., R. Spencer Clift, III, The Historical Development of American
Indian Tribes; Their Recent Dramatic Commercial Advancement; and a Discussion of
the Eligibility of Indian Tribes Under the Bankruptcy Code and Related Matters,
27 Am. Indian L. Rev. 177, 210 (2002-2003) (articulating "the fiduciary
relationship owed Indian tribes as the highest of moral obligations
appropriately judged by the most 'exacting fiduciary standards'") (quoting
Cobell v. Norton, 240 F.3d 1081, 1099 (D.C. Cir. 2001)).




n129  See Eileen M. Luna, The Impact of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
on Tribal Governments, 22 Am. Indian L. Rev. 445, 473 (1998) (noting that
through its plenary power, the federal government asserts "ultimate authority
over Indian peoples and lands").




n130  Paul Sullivan, Note, Security of Tenure for the Residential Tenant: An
Analysis and Recommendations, 21 Vt. L. Rev. 1015, 1016 (1997) ("The lease is a
contractual instrument which conveys property, an 'estate,' for a period of
time, a 'term,' which signifies not only the limitation of time, but the estate
and interest that pass for such time.").




n131  Mark Ulmer, Tribal Property: Defining the Parameters of the Federal Trust
Relationship Under the Non-Intercourse Act: Catawba Indian Tribe v. South
Carolina, 12 Am. Indian L. Rev. 101, 108 n.32 (1985).




n132  David B. Wiles, Taxation: Tribal Taxation, Secretarial Approval, and State
Taxation - Merrion and Beyond, 10 Am. Indian L. Rev. 167, 178 (1983) ("It has
long been recognized that states have no power to tax Indian trust lands,
nontrust property owned by a tribal member on tribal land, and income earned by
a tribal member on tribal land.").




n133  Crystal D. Masterson, Comment, Wind-Energy Ventures in Indian Country:
Fashioning a Functional Paradigm, 34 Am. Indian L. Rev. 317, 353 n.275
(2009-2010) ("On account of the nature of ownership in Indian Country, tribes
confront unique barriers in acquiring private loans. The federal government owns
fee title to all Indian lands held in trust, with the Indians retaining a right
of occupancy. Because lenders are invariably wary of granting unsecured loans,
tribes and their members may confront difficulty in acquiring private loans
since homes and other buildings on trust land cannot serve as reliable
collateral. . . . [T]o secure private loans, tribes and their members must
therefore possess alternate collateral of sufficient value to satisfy the loan.
").




n134  See, e.g., McCulley, supra note 104, at 412-15 (overviewing the American
Indian Probate Reform Act, which governs the intestate distribution of trust
property); Aaron Drue Johnson, Just Say No (to American Capitalism): Why
American Indians Should Reject the Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act and
Other Attempts to Promote Economic Assimilation, 35 Am. Indian L. Rev. 107,
113-15, 120-23 (2010-2011) (examining and critiquing the Model Tribal Secured
Transactions Act, which is intended to govern secured transactions in the tribal
setting, replacing the Uniform Commercial Code).




n135  See, e.g., Todd Miller, Easements on Tribal Sovereignty, 26 Am. Indian L.
Rev. 105, 125 (2001-2002) ("When the Department of Interior is applying these
regulations, they must do so in the tribes' best interest, in order to fulfill
their fiduciary duty to the tribes.").




n136  Christian D. Rahaim, The Fiduciary: An In-depth Guide to Fiduciary Duties
- From Studebaker to Enron 5 (2005).




n137  Id.




n138  Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless, supra note 7, at 933.




n139  Id. at 935.




n140  Id.




n141  Id.




n142  Id.




n143  Id.




n144  Id. at 937.




n145  Id.




n146  Id. Indian law cases have "limited territorial reach" making "splits in
lower court authority [] unlikely." Id. "Circuit splits tend not to arise in
Indian law cases because often the only possible split is between a state court
and a federal circuit." Id. at 957. Moreover, it is "often the case that a fact
pattern will be unique to a particular tribe or reservation, rendering the
possibility of a split very unlikely." Id. at 961. This inherent barrier allows
a certiorari-pool memo writer to discount a case with a great deal of "practical
significance" simply because "the questions are not of general legal
significance." Id. (quoting Cert Pool Memo at 13, Oneida Indian Nation of Wis.
v. New York, 493 U.S. 871 (1989) (No. 88-1785), Oneida Indian Nation of N.Y. v.
New York, 493 U.S. 871 (1989) (No. 88- 1915), available at
http://epstein.law.northwestern.edu/research/BlackmunMemos/1989/D
M-1989-pdf/88-1915.pdf) (internal quotation marks omitted).




n147  Id. at 937. Tribal-interest cases are often "complex," involving
"factbound applications of settled law." Id. When cases are "factbound," the
memo writer will deny the certiorari petition so long as "the lower court
correctly state[d] . . . the applicable rule." Id. at 964. Compounding the
already prohibitive barriers to granting certiorari for tribal-interest
petitions, "the cert pool members assume tribal interests are not important to
their audience," and thus draft memoranda denying petitions in favor of tribal
interests. Id. at 938.




n148  See supra notes 146-47 and accompanying text.




n149  Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless, supra note 7, at 943.




n150  Chris Casteel, Senators Block Oklahoma City Federal Prosecutor from Judge
Post, NewsOK, Dec. 18, 2011, http://newsok.com/article/3633139.




n151  Jim Myers, Nominee for Judgeship Listed Henry as Backer, Tulsa World, F e
b . 1 9 , 2 0 1 1 ,
http://www.tulsaworld.com/site/printerfriendlystory.aspx?articleid=20110219 16
A1 U LNSbr526639&PrintComments=1.




n152  Andrew Cohen, Judicial Nominee Arvo Mikkanen Deserves Answers, A t l a n t
i c ( F e b . 2 1 , 2 0 1 1 , 9 : 1 4 A M ) ,
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2011/02/judicial-nominee-arvo-mikkan
en- deserves-answers/71425/ [hereinafter Cohen, Judicial Nominee] (this "letter"
was not written by Arvo Mikkanen).




n153  Casteel, supra note 150.




n154  Jim Myers, Questions Surround Judicial Nomination of Arvo Mikkanen for T u
l s a , T u l s a W o r l d ( F e b . 6 , 2 0 1 1 , 2 : 3 0 A M ) ,
http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx?sub jectid=11&articleid=20110206 16
A23 CUTLIN390175 [hereinafter Myers, Questions].




n155  Id.




n156  Id.




n157  Id.




n158  Cohen, Judicial Nominee, supra note 152.




n159  Interestingly, Senator Coburn not only sits on the Senate Judiciary
Committee, but is also a member of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. Press
Release, Senator Tom Coburn, Legislation & Issues: Native Americans (Feb. 2,
2011), available at http://www.
coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/?p=NativeAmericans. As a member of the Indian
Affairs Committee, he vowed to have "regular meetings with tribal leaders and
representatives to discuss the important issues facing tribes." Id. And yet,
despite his disagreement with this nomination, it has not been established that
Coburn held a meeting with tribal leaders to discuss the implications of the
nomination.




n160  Cohen, Judicial Nominee, supra note 152.




n161  Press Release, Senator Tom Coburn, Dr. Coburn's Statement on the
Nomination of Arvo Mikkanen to U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
O k l a h o m a ( F e b . 2 , 2 0 1 1 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.coburn.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ContentRecord
id=b118e671-fce6-4767-aa0e-dcb5811be6d6 (stating that he was "disappointed in
the White House's lack of consultation with [him] on this nomination").




n162  Myers, Questions, supra note 154. It is customary for the home state's
senators to prescribe judicial nominations. These members even retain influence
over the confirmation process itself. As a courtesy, home state senators are
generally consulted prior to a formal announcement of a nomination and, in this
case, it is unclear whether this courtesy occurred. Id. The nomination process
begins with the announcement of a vacant seat in the federal judiciary. The
President typically consults home state senators before formally announcing a
nomination. Before the Senate confirms the nomination, the Senate Judiciary
Committee collects information and holds hearings. During committee hearings
witnesses may testify regarding nominees and the Committee members question the
nominees. The Committee then votes in order to send the nomination to the full
Senate for a confirmation vote. See Federal Judicial Nomination Process,
Leadership C o n f . o n C i v i l & H u m a n R i g h t s ,
http://www.civilrights.org/judiciary/courts/nominations.html (last visited Feb.
14, 2012). Although the Constitution prescribes no requirements for the
selection of federal judges, the primary factors that determine who will sit on
the federal bench consist of "politics and ideology." Graham, supra note 10, at
161 (noting that these political and ideological factors include "ideological
compatibility with the views of the President, political party, representational
factors such as race and gender, and professional qualifications").




n163  Casteel, supra note 150. Mikkanen's nomination, along with that of seven
other judicial nominees, was never considered by the Committee members and was
sent back to the White House on December 17, 2011. The Senate finalized its work
for the year without a Committee hearing or any other type of debate on the
return of Mikkanen's nomination. Id.




n164  While an explanation certainly is elusive, speculation is nonetheless
possible. The rejection of Mikkanen's nomination could simply be a product of
divided government, where Mikkanen's fate was the same as the democratic
President's other seven nominees, whose nominations were reflexively blocked by
Republicans. In fact, the chance of a successful confirmation of the President's
judicial nominees is markedly reduced when the home state's senators and the
President do not share the same political party. Another possible reason for the
outright block of Mikkanen's nomination could be the breach of courtesy between
the two governmental branches, with the President failing to uphold the
traditional protocol of consulting the state's senators on judicial nominations.
Id.




n165  Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination, supra note 72. The overall Native American
population in the United States is 1%, but in Oklahoma, the Native American
population is about 8%. Id.




n166  See Casteel, supra note 150.




n167  Andrew Cohen, 3 Questions for Justice Alito About Native American
Concerns, Atlantic (Aug. 21, 2011, 10:21 AM),
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2011/08/
3-questions-for-justice-alito- about-native-american-concerns/243895/ (emphasis
added). The two Native Americans who have served on the federal judiciary are
Billy Michael Burrage and Frank Howell Seay. Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination, supra
note 72. Burrage, a member of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, served as a
federal judge for all three United States District Courts in Oklahoma. History
of the Federal Judiciary: Biographical Directory of Federal Judges, Fed.
Judicial Ctr., http://www.fjc.gov/servlet/nGetInfo?jid=
328&cid=999&ctype=na&inst ate=na (last visited May 14, 2012). Seay, a federal
judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma,
"didn't even know about his native heritage until he was in his 50s" and already
on the bench. Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination, supra note 72.




n168  Torres-Spelliscy, supra note 14, at 13.




n169  Graham, supra note 10, at 156.




n170  Cohen, Mikkanen Nomination, supra note 72.




n171  See supra Part II.B.




n172  While there is no guarantee that a Native American judge would possess
more knowledge in the area of Indian law than a non-Indian judge, it is
nevertheless more likely that the Native American judge would be more familiar
with federal Indian law and tribal culture than his non-Indian counterpart. See
Philip P. Frickey, Transcending Transcendental Nonsense: Toward a New Realism in
Federal Indian Law, 38 Conn. L. Rev. 649, 663 (2006) (discussing Professor
Krakoff's article regarding the virtual impossibility of explaining the
"cultural quality of sovereignty . . . to non-Indians.").




n173  See supra Part III.A.1.




n174  See supra Part III.A.2.




n175  See supra Part III.A.3.




n176  Although tribal landholding shares some similarities with leasing, there
are also countless differences. See supra Part III.A.4.




n177  See Beyond Red Power: American Indian Politics and Activism since 1900, at
35 (Daniel M. Cobb & Loretta Fowler eds., 2007).




n178  Getches, supra note 1, at 305.




n179  Id.




n180  Fletcher, Factbound and Splitless, supra note 7, at 938.




n181  Id. at 933.




n182  Id. at 935.




n183  Myers, Questions, supra note 154.




n184  See supra note 146 and accompanying text.




n185  Chew, supra note 49, at 367.




n186  See supra Part III.A.2 (overviewing the waves of federal policy regarding
Indians throughout American history).


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2012 North Carolina Law Review Association
                           North Carolina Law Review

                                 December, 2012

                           North Carolina Law Review

                               91 N.C.L. Rev. 326

LENGTH: 19097 words

COMMENT: Circumventing State Consumer Protection Laws: Tribal Immunity and
Internet Payday Lending*

* © 2012 Heather L. Petrovich.

NAME: Heather L. Petrovich

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Because states exclusively regulate payday lending and may not bring
enforcement actions against tribes, tribally owned lenders escape regulation,
leaving them free to market harmful products to consumers.  ... States have
reacted to the harmful practices of payday lenders by restricting or eliminating
payday lending through regulation of loan terms, amounts, costs, fees, annual
percentage rates ("APR"), and the number of loans a person may take out.  ...
Based on a payday lending field guide released to CFPB industry examiners, the
CFPB is only scrutinizing payday lenders based on the federal laws already in
place.  ... When companies use tribal immunity as a method to circumvent
consumer protection laws - rather than as a method to sustain self-governance -
regulators should prioritize consumers' rights over tribal rights and take
decisive, corrective action to protect the public from harm.

TEXT:
 [*326]

   Introduction

 Imagine being in an emergency or crisis - you need cash now that you do not
have. You are desperate to pay your mortgage and feel as if you have nowhere to
turn. Then you see an advertisement, a company offering fast cash advances to
help people just like you in times of need! This advertisement, which is typical
of payday lenders, praises the various aspects of the product that make it
perfect for you: "Our special qualification requirements ensure that you do not
need good credit;" n1 "Your repayment is the best part. The minimum required
payment will be deducted from your bank account;" n2 "Still a little short on
payday? No problem! Online customers are  [*327]  automatically renewed every
pay period." n3 Though you are hesitant, thinking this product is too good to be
true, you decide to cast aside your reservations and apply. Scenarios similar to
the one just described cause many Americans t o become victims of the predatory
practices of payday lenders. n4 Deceptive advertisements targeted at desperate
consumers frequently occur in the payday lending industry because of the large
profits companies generate from these abusive and harmful tactics.

   Although the desire for prosperity is a principle that drives our economy,
regulators have recognized that this desire does not come without its risks.
Before governments regulated the commercial sector, businesses seeking to
increase their profits commonly used corrupt practices against consumers to gain
an advantage over their competitors. n5 In response, state and federal agencies
emerged to respond to these tactics by regulating businesses through consumer
protection laws. n6

   In addition to protecting the rights of consumers, the federal government has
historically protected the seemingly unrelated right of Native American tribes
to govern their own affairs. This right has been essential to the relationship
between the United States and tribes since the eighteenth century. n7 The
federal government characterizes Native American tribes as sovereign entities,
"free from state intrusion" on their right to self-governance. n8 As colonists
immigrated to America, their encroachment on Indian lands created tension in the
relationship between the colonists and tribes. n9 To avoid conflict, the federal
government took control of Native American  [*328]  affairs n10 and recognized
Indian tribes as "distinct, independent political communities, retaining their
original natural rights, as the undisputed possessors of the soil." n11 The
federal government continues to regard Native American self-governance as a
highly protected interest, which has allowed this relationship to persist over
time. n12

   In most modern contexts, the interests of consumers and tribes typically
coexist without conflict. However, these interests have recently collided,
causing problems for regulators. In the normal course of governance, state
regulators take the primary role in protecting consumers through the enactment
of consumer protection laws. n13 It is this important role of state regulators
in protecting consumers, however, which has led to the new collision of
interests.

   As new consumer threats emerge, state agencies quickly respond with
regulation and enforcement to combat those threats. n14 Yet, the emergence of a
new threat - tribally owned Internet payday lending companies - has halted state
enforcement efforts. Although the federal government has not yet regulated the
payday lending industry, n15 consumer advocates have concluded that payday loans
are unfair and abusive to consumers, n16 which has led states to be particularly
active in regulating the industry. n17 While some states have restricted the
terms of these loans to make their effect on consumers less harmful, others have
eliminated the payday loan industry entirely. n18

   Characteristically, payday lenders adapt quickly to new consumer protection
efforts by coming up with schemes to get around  [*329]  restrictions. n19 Until
recently, states have responded quickly and successfully to nullify these
attempts. n20 Nonetheless, the latest method of circumventing state laws through
tribally owned payday lenders may prove to be an exception to this norm, leaving
states ill-equipped to protect consumers.

   Tribal ownership of a company creates an obstacle for states due to the
doctrine of Native American tribal immunity, which limits state control over
tribes. n21 Under federal law, immunity prohibits states from bringing
enforcement actions against federally recognized Indian tribes or the businesses
that they own. n22 Instead, the authority to enforce regulations against the
tribes belongs solely to the federal government. n23 Because states exclusively
regulate payday lending n24 and may not bring enforcement actions against
tribes, tribally owned lenders escape regulation, leaving them free to market
harmful products to consumers. n25 Without federal regulation addressing this
issue, tribal companies can evade laws applicable to other payday lenders while
state regulators are powerless to stop them.

   Tribal lenders who argue against enforcement highlight the importance of
tribal economic development to their self-determination. n26 However, in the
context of Internet payday lending, this argument has less force than it has in
the past. For example, in the case of businesses such as Native American-owned
casinos, which are located mostly on tribal land, consumers are aware of the
company's tribal ownership and the business activity is geographically
contained. n27 Internet tribal payday lenders, by contrast, offer their  [*330]
products online to consumers anywhere in the United States, many of whom are
completely unaware of the company's tribal ownership. n28 To make matters worse,
many regulators believe that tribal lenders organize under "rent-a-tribe"
schemes, n29 where existing nontribal lenders "affiliate with tribes ... to
skirt existing laws and oversight." n30

   As tribal payday lending becomes more prevalent, there is a dire need for
federal action to halt the trend's momentum. In 2010, tribal payday lenders made
up "more than 35 of the 300" Internet payday lenders and made "about $ 420
million in payday loans." n31 The need for regulation of this conduct is
imminent - "some observers predict that the number of tribes with payday-loan
operations eventually could climb close to the 400 that now have casinos." n32
Additionally, various lenders have shown an interest in copying the tribal
lending business model, which will likely result in additional industry growth.
n33 In the absence of federal regulation, the number of companies targeting
consumers will increase, rendering previous state regulation efforts futile.

   This Comment argues that federal action is necessary to block attempts by
payday lenders to bypass consumer protection laws by organizing as tribal
entities. Because the federal government does not currently regulate payday
lending and tribes are immune from state suit, states are unable to protect
their consumers from the practices that they have previously fought to curtail.
Due to these obstacles, this Comment proposes possible solutions that can
prevent tribal payday lending companies from circumventing state consumer
protection laws. Part I provides background information introducing the specific
problems that states have encountered in their initial  [*331]  regulation
efforts against these companies. Part II describes why tribal payday lending
cases are so rare and analyzes this body of case law. Part III analyzes why
state regulation is inadequate and the reasoning behind the need for a federal
response to this practice. Finally, Part IV examines what courses of action may
be taken and which of those proposals are most likely to quickly and effectively
address the problem.

   I. Intersection of Payday Lending and Tribal Immunity

   A. Payday Lending

 The harmful lending structure of payday loans has caused many state regulators
to take action to combat these abusive practices. Payday loans uniquely combine
very high interest rates, short loan periods, and small loan amounts in a way
that, many times, leaves consumers in a debt trap. n34 Typically, the process
requires the borrower to provide an advance check or an authorization to
directly debit money from a personal account as a promise to repay the loan in
full, plus a large lender fee, at some future date. n35 When the loan is due for
repayment, the lender notifies the borrower of his intention to process the
advance payment or direct debit, though many borrowers are unable to repay the
loan amount in full. n36 In an effort to avoid fees for bounced checks or
overdrafts, the borrower can agree to an additional lender fee to extend the
loan, which he is also often unable to pay. This process traps the borrower in a
debt cycle as the borrower continually adds fees to the loan in an effort to
keep the existing loan outstanding. n37

   The need for payday loan regulation arises as a result of payday lenders'
predatory lending methods and practices. n38 When applying for a traditional
loan, the lender evaluates the borrower's ability to repay before the lender is
willing to fund the loan. The lender will not fund a loan if the lender believes
that the borrower will be unable to  [*332]  repay the loan according to its
terms. n39 However, in the payday loan industry, this initial evaluation does
not take place. In fact, payday lenders characteristically target poor
Americans, who are less likely to repay their loan in full, which increases the
lender's revenue through extensive charges. n40 The Federal Reserve Board
reported in 2007 that the median income of payday borrowers was just above $
30,000. n41 By targeting these vulnerable borrowers - namely those consumers who
are poor, elderly, minorities, or dependent on government benefit programs for
their main source of income n42 - lenders profit by providing loans to
individuals who are likely unable to pay them back. n43 As stated above, when a
consumer finds himself unable to pay back a loan, he will typically extend his
loan to avoid default. n44

   The payday loan industry's practice of attracting repeat borrowers is
incredibly profitable. n45 The Center for Responsible Lending, reporting on loan
data generated from public records, found that "more than 80 percent of
borrowers ... take out more than one payday loan a year." n46 Focusing on these
repeat borrowers, the study found that borrowers "open new loans in rapid
succession, with 87 percent of all new loans to these borrowers occurring during
the very next pay period." n47 Borrowers who immediately take out new loans
during their next pay period account "for three-fourths of all payday loan
volume ... totaling more than $ 20 billion" in loans and "$ 3.5 billion in fees
each year." n48

   Additionally, payday loans come with exorbitantly high interest rates -
running from "391% to 782%." n49 Lenders pair such interest  [*333]  rates with
a complete lack of transparency in loan terms, leaving the majority of borrowers
unaware of the actual terms of their lending agreements. n50 As a result, payday
loan borrowers frequently allege that their lender failed to disclose various
harmful loan terms before they entered into the agreement. n51

   Meanwhile, payday lenders deny the findings of consumer advocates and insist
that they market their loans to middle-class Americans as short-term relief in
rare times of crisis. n52 Despite the contentions of industry leaders, the facts
above stand in direct opposition to these claims. n53 Lenders also argue that
payday loans are beneficial to consumers - by providing emergency cash to
consumers without other options, lenders help borrowers avoid overdrawing their
accounts. n54 However, it is inaccurate to depict most borrowers as without
other options; research suggests that "payday borrowers tend to have a variety
of options besides taking [a] payday loan or incurring an overdraft fee." n55

   States have reacted to the harmful practices of payday lenders by restricting
or eliminating payday lending through regulation of loan terms, amounts, costs,
fees, annual percentage rates ("APR"), and the number of loans a person may take
out. n56 Many states also have interest rate caps that apply to all loans.
Previously, before states fully realized the dangers of payday lending, payday
lenders successfully lobbied for exemptions from these caps. n57 As the harmful
effects of these loans became more apparent to lawmakers, many states eliminated
these exemptions. n58 States that have banned the payday loan industry or capped
interest rates have been extremely successful in protecting consumers from
payday lenders. n59 If tribal lenders  [*334]  remain unregulated, these
successful state efforts to protect consumers will likely have been in vain.

   B. Tribal Immunity

 Tribal immunity significantly hinders the State's ability to effectively
regulate tribal payday lenders. Since colonization, American governments have
considered Native American tribes to be "domestic dependent nations" n60 that
retain the right of self-governance over their lands. n61 Due to the sovereign
nature of tribes, the United States Supreme Court developed the doctrine of
Native American tribal immunity in United States v. United States Fidelity &
Guarantee Co. n62 Under this doctrine, Native American tribes are generally
immune from suit in any court unless they consent to being subject to
jurisdiction. n63 Though this domestic dependent status grants tribal immunity
from suit, Congress has always retained plenary control over tribal affairs. n64

   While the Constitution protects Native American property interests, there is
no such constitutional right to sovereign immunity. Thus, Congress has the power
to limit tribal immunity through legislation. n65 However, it is overwhelmingly
clear that this power to intrude into tribal affairs does not extend to the
states. n66 The prohibition against state laws being applied to tribes prevents
states without tribal territory from undermining the tribal right to
self-governance. n67 Based on these standards, the Supreme Court in Oklahoma Tax
Commission v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe n68 barred suits against
tribes "absent a clear waiver by the tribe or congressional abrogation." n69
Regarding tribal activity outside of tribal territory, however, states are free
to regulate tribal conduct where federal law does not preempt them from doing
so. n70

    [*335]  As tribes increasingly began to engage in commercial activity,
regulators argued that immunity should not protect this activity on the grounds
that it was "so detached from traditional tribal interests that the ... doctrine
no longer made sense." n71 Initially, Justice Stevens stated that it was unclear
whether the doctrine required immunity to protect commercial activity outside of
tribal territory. n72 However, the Supreme Court subsequently clarified Justice
Stevens' assertion by adamantly confirming that tribal immunity applies equally
to commercial activity, even activities occurring outside of tribal land. n73
Thus, while states technically have the authority to "regulate" tribal activity
outside of tribal land, states may not enforce these regulations because tribes
are immune from state enforcement. n74 The Court in Kiowa Tribe v. Manufacturing
Technologies, Inc. explained the state authority to regulate tribes by noting
that "there is a difference between the right to demand compliance with state
laws and the means available to enforce them." n75

   While the Supreme Court holds that tribes are immune from suits based on
their commercial activities, n76 this immunity applies only to the tribe itself
and to "arms of the tribe." n77 The tribe's immunity does not protect businesses
that are completely independent of the tribe. n78 While this standard is clear,
it is difficult for state courts to determine when a company is an "arm of the
tribe" for various reasons.

   First, the Supreme Court has not established a test for courts to determine
when a business entity is an "arm of the tribe" and thus entitled to the tribe's
immunity. Because raising a tribal immunity defense does not confer independent
federal question jurisdiction, the  [*336]  defense leaves state courts to
determine the relationship between the business entity and the tribe. n79 This
has resulted in the use of different test in different states to determine
whether a business is an "arm of the tribe" and thus protected by the tribe's
immunity. n80 Although courts may use the factors in different ways, n81 they
normally look to some combination of these factors to determine whether a
tribe's immunity protects a business entity: (1) "whether a judgment against the
tribal entity will reach the tribe's assets," (2) "whether the tribal entity has
the power to bind the tribe's assets or to obligate tribal funds," (3) "whether
the tribe and the tribal entity are closely linked through governance structure
and other characteristics," (4) "whether federal Indian law policies intended to
promote tribal self-determination would be furthered by extending immunity to
the entity," (5) "whether the entity is organized for governmental or for
"commercial' purposes," (6) "whether the entity holds title to property in its
own name," and (7) "whether the entity is legally separate and distinct from the
tribe." n82 Because each state court employs a different test to determine the
status of a business entity, contradictory outcomes may result for the same
company in different states. n83

   Second, the various structures used to incorporate tribal businesses further
complicate the state courts' determinations. Corporations may organize under the
Federal Indian Reorganization Act, n84 tribal corporate law, or state corporate
law. n85 Courts are split over whether to treat corporations organized under the
Indian Reorganization Act as arms of the tribe; some have held that tribal
immunity extends to the business activities of those corporations, whereas
others have found the "sue and be sued" clause of the corporate charter to
function as a waiver of immunity. n86 To form a corporation under federal law,
the tribe must apply to the Secretary  [*337]  of the Interior, who scrutinizes
its application and makes a determination of the business's status as an "arm of
the tribe." n87 Although this process is more difficult than incorporating under
tribal law, once a business is characterized as an "arm of the tribe," immunity
automatically attaches. n88 In contrast, businesses chartered under tribal law
are beneficial to the corporation because "they are relatively easy to establish
compared to federally chartered corporations." n89 Under tribal law, a
corporation follows whatever incorporation process the tribe requires and is not
first scrutinized by the federal or a state government. Because companies that
organize under tribal law do not undergo any scrutiny by federal or state
governments, it seems illogical for courts to use the same test to determine
tribal ownership of federally chartered and tribally chartered corporations -
however, courts tend to do so. n90 As a result, courts generally consider
tribally organized corporations immune from state regulation. n91

   Finally, after tribal corporations are organized, they may evolve into
various business entities and diminish the business's connection to the tribe.
n92 It is unlikely that any court would deem these evolved entities "arms of the
tribe," but because tribal immunity extends to the discovery phase of
litigation, courts are unable to investigate the disconnected nature of the
evolved businesses.

   Although the federal government originally considered tribal immunity
necessary to "promote tribal self-government and economic development," n93 in
recent years, the Supreme Court has questioned the doctrine's continued
propriety. n94 In questioning tribal immunity, the Court acknowledged that "
tribal immunity extends beyond what is needed to safeguard tribal
self-governance." n95 In the context of contemporary commerce, it was evident to
the Court that  [*338]  this doctrine is overly broad. n96 Today, unlike when
the Court created the doctrine, tribal businesses have influence outside tribal
territory and "operate in an increasingly commercial climate affecting large
numbers of consumers." n97 In addition to the overly broad use of the doctrine,
the Court also acknowledged that providing this immunity to businesses may be
harmful to consumers who are "unaware that they are dealing with a tribe" that
they are unable to sue. n98

   Although the Court acknowledged the need for dispensing with the tribal
immunity doctrine in some instances, it continues to confirm that it is
"Congress, not the courts" that should determine when to abandon the doctrine.
n99 Thus, it is essential for the federal government to develop regulations to
combat the consumer harms that can occur from the unregulated nature of tribal
business entities.

   II. Limited Case Law Addressing Tribal Lending

 Although many states recognize that tribal payday lending companies circumvent
state consumer protection laws, n100 the matter has produced minimal case law
for two reasons. First, regulators have found that tribal businesses simply do
not respond to court enforcement actions. n101 Second, immunity is a
jurisdictional question, n102 and state courts dismiss cases due to lack of
jurisdiction. n103

   While the Supreme Court has held that tribes are subject to state laws for
their activities off the reservation, their immunity still protects them from
state enforcement actions based on those laws. n104 Immunity from state
enforcement actions includes protection from "state investigatory actions with
respect to alleged violations of state  [*339]  law." n105 Thus, tribes are able
to avoid punishment for failing to comply with state investigatory actions, such
as subpoenas and discovery requests. n106 Knowing that immunity protects against
such actions, regulators have found that tribal businesses largely ignore
subpoenas issued against them. n107 This leads to reluctance by state regulators
to allocate time and resources to commence these actions, fearing that such
actions will waste resources and be ignored. n108 In a few states, namely North
Carolina and Washington, regulators have given up fighting tribal payday
lenders, realizing that the legal battle would be too expensive and complicated.
n109

   It is not surprising that states hold this belief, considering the legal
battle playing out in Colorado against two payday lenders that has continued
since 2004. n110 Only a few cases have successfully reached courts. In these
cases, regulators either have held the corporation in contempt n111 or have
brought actions against individuals who are not members of the tribe but are
associated with the tribal corporation. n112 However, even in cases that have
actually managed to reach the courtroom, tribal companies often moved to dismiss
for lack of jurisdiction due to tribal immunity. n113 These cases have been
unsuccessful in vindicating consumers' rights because, upon raising the
jurisdiction issue, courts dismiss the complaints. n114 Currently, only two
cases have advanced far enough in state courts to reach any  [*340]  discussion
on the merits - despite the fact that various other states have attempted to
bring similar actions. n115

   In Ameriloan v. Superior Court, n116 the California Department of
Corporations sought preliminary injunctions against five payday lenders to stop
them from doing business with California residents after these companies ignored
various cease-and-desist orders. n117 The court then issued a show-cause order
against these companies after it opposed the preliminary injunctions. n118 A
subdivision of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma specially appeared and moved to quash
based on a lack of subject matter jurisdiction. n119 The tribe claimed that they
established the businesses "for the purpose of supplying a self-sustaining and
diversified stream of revenues for the tribe." n120 The trial court agreed with
the Department's argument that sovereign immunity did not apply to
off-reservation commercial activities, and it denied the tribe's motion to
quash. n121 However, the appellate court disagreed, holding that tribal immunity
extends to tribes' off-reservation commercial conduct, and the ability of states
to regulate tribal conduct off the reservation does not mean that tribes are not
immune from enforcement. n122 The court then remanded the case for limited
discovery "directed solely to matters affecting the tribal court's subject
matter jurisdiction" to determine if the companies function as "arms of the
tribe." n123

   In Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans v. Colorado, n124 the Colorado
Attorney General sued two payday-lending companies for failing to comply with
investigative subpoenas issued in relation to the company's transactions with
Colorado consumers. n125 After the companies ignored the trial court's order to
enforce the subpoenas,  [*341]  the court issued contempt citations to the two
companies. n126 The companies responded to the contempt citations by filing a
motion to dismiss, claiming that the court lacked jurisdiction because the
companies were "wholly owned subdivisions of federally recognized Indian
tribes." n127 The trial court withheld ruling on the motion to dismiss for two
years while the State compiled information about the companies' relations to the
Indian tribes. n128 During this time, the companies voluntarily complied with
the State's requests for documents while also continuing to claim that they
sufficiently established their immunity protection. n129 Upon review of the
documents, the trial court noted that immunity does not protect against
investigative subpoenas and denied the motion to dismiss. n130 However, on
appeal, the Colorado Supreme Court overturned the trial court's denial of
immunity for investigatory actions. n131 The court found that, because the
companies voluntarily allowed extensive discovery initially, they waived their
immunity with respect to discovery requests for determining the relationship
between the lenders and the tribe. n132 This waiver gave the State broader
access to discovery documents than they would typically have had to establish
jurisdiction. n133 The court then remanded the case to determine whether the
businesses were acting as "arms of the tribe" when conducting business. n134 On
remand, the action was dismissed based on the company's sovereign immunity. n135

   III. Why is State Regulation Inadequate?

 The decisions discussed above do not provide much additional guidance about how
states should approach tribally owned companies, but they do shed light on the
problems that have led to the failure of state enforcement efforts against these
lenders. Further, these decisions help to clarify the need for a federal
response by  [*342]  highlighting that state regulation efforts are inadequate
in combating these abuses.

   A. Rent-A-Tribe Schemes

 While legitimate tribal businesses' potential ability to circumvent consumer
protection laws seems unjust in itself, the problem is compounded by the fact
that a majority of state regulators believe that these companies are not
actually owned by Indian tribes. Rather, regulators believe that many of these
businesses are sham businesses that use a so-called "rent-a-tribe" scheme. n136
Such schemes involve payday lenders offering tribes compensation to allow the
company to organize under the tribe's name, while the lenders maintain
functional control of the entity. n137 Typically, a payday lender will
reorganize an existing company under a tribe's name in exchange for monthly
payments to the tribe - usually a percentage of monthly profits. n138 These
impoverished tribes often accept these arrangements; yet, they seldom get a
significant cut of the amount of money generated by the tribal ownership of
these companies. n139 Observers claim "most payday lenders have no physical
presence on tribal land;" instead, they operate from call centers in distinct
locations. n140 Affiliating under a tribe allows payday lenders to continue the
harmful practices that regulators previously ceased and allows the company to
escape state regulation completely or stall the process for years. n141

   In Colorado v. Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans, the Colorado Attorney
General's office uncovered evidence of this practice as part of their
investigation into Cash Advance. n142 Colorado claimed that Cash Advance Loans,
which was originally owned by Scott Tucker, is a sham business that uses the
tribe as a shield for regulation. n143 Regulators alleged that Mr. Tucker sold
his business to  [*343]  the Miami tribe in 2008 due to pressures from
regulators to shut it down. n144 Curiously, the Miami tribe only paid $ 120,000
for the business, although when they purchased it the company was grossing up to
$ 20 million per month. n145 Additionally, Colorado claims to have evidence,
based on Tucker's emails, indicating that Tucker sought out a tribe to "buy" the
company after Colorado initially brought enforcement actions in 2004. n146
Currently, Tucker identifies himself as a mere employee of the business, yet he
seems to remain in control of the company's bank account. n147 Based on
discovery documents, Colorado asserted that the tribe received a mere one
percent of the company's revenue from those accounts. n148

   The number of companies seeking to organize under tribal law further
evidences the existence of the "rent-a-tribe" model. Payday loan consultants
n149 acknowledge a recent boom in the tribal payday lending business model; n150
one consultant claims that "more than 1,000 payday lenders have expressed
interest in cloning the strategy." n151 Additionally, various web-based payday
loan consultants on the Internet offer instructions to payday lenders, advising
them how to organize with Indian tribes to evade state regulation efforts. n152
One website, Consultants4Tribes.com, even brags about its success, claiming, "At
the current time, we have linked six PDLs with three federally recognized
tribes." n153 These sites highlight the absurdity of the practice and make a
mockery of regulators' enforcement efforts.

   Notwithstanding the abundant evidence, state regulators face extreme
difficulty in proving that these companies are not tribal entities, but rather
fronts for existing payday lending companies. The difficulty for regulators
originates from tribal companies moving to dismiss regulatory actions by
claiming lack of jurisdiction based on tribal immunity. Once these actions are
dismissed, regulators no  [*344]  longer have access to information that could
be gathered through discovery, which would help states prove their cases. When a
tribal company files a motion to dismiss, "the state bears the burden of
proving, by a preponderance of the evidence, that [the companies] are not
entitled to tribal sovereign immunity." n154 However, this burden is typically
extremely difficult for states to overcome because discovery is limited, which
makes it difficult to determine if a company is an "arm of the tribe." n155
Courts allow a conservative amount of discovery due to the recognition that
immunity protects immune parties from bearing the burden of even pretrial
matters. n156 Adding to the complication, many regulators believe that these
businesses manipulate documents to falsely convey that the business has the
requisite connection to the tribe. n157 Without further discovery, regulators
cannot prove the inconsistencies in the documents that convey the true nature of
these businesses. Based on the Cash Advance discovery information above, it
appears that the Colorado Attorney General was able to conduct extensive
discovery; however, this case goes far beyond the typical discovery allowed in
immunity cases due to Cash Advance's voluntary waiver of discovery immunity.
n158

   The information available about corporations organized under tribal law is
even more limited than other corporations owned by tribes because these
corporations are not subject to the same disclosure requirements as corporations
organized under state law. n159 Even if courts decide to acquire information
concerning its jurisdiction, the inquiry will likely be minimal. n160 Once a
court is satisfied that the corporation is a tribal entity on its face, it will
likely determine that it has no jurisdiction. n161 Technically, then, all tribes
have to do is hide incriminating documents well enough at the outset to escape
regulation. As these loopholes continue to become  [*345]  apparent to payday
lenders, it is obvious why observers predict an escalation in the number of
tribally affiliated companies.

   B. Ploys to Conceal Ownership

 Even if these discovery obstacles were nonexistent and easily discoverable
information existed, it is not clear that regulators could prove that these
rent-a-tribe organizations exist. Companies have further complicated matters for
regulators by using various schemes to conceal their true ownership. The Better
Business Bureau has observed lenders causing substantial damage by regularly
changing office locations - describing these abandoned locations as "ghost
companies." n162 Other lenders employ outside call centers, many times in other
states, which often cater to payday lenders by completely running the business.
n163

   However, the most complicated and elaborate ploy to conceal ownership happens
when lenders create shell companies. This occurs when one person creates a
business and claims to be the chief executive officer, but in actuality has no
affiliation with the business. n164 The Colorado Attorney General's office
discovered an alarming example of this practice during its investigation into
Cash Advance. n165 Joseph Fontano, a witness examined by the Attorney General's
office, admitted to accepting a small fee from Cash Advance in exchange for
creating and acting as the CEO of a "shell company." n166 Fontana admitted to
providing similar services to many companies that attempted to hide their
businesses from regulators. n167 Given the elaborate systems set up to conceal
the identity of these companies, it is no wonder that state regulators are
reluctant, if not unwilling, to invest their limited time and resources into
these companies - knowing that it is likely a losing battle.

   C. Failure to Reveal Tribal Ownership

 Considering that most tribally owned payday lenders are internet-based, the
ultimate owner of these websites is often  [*346]  unclear. n168 Many of these
websites go by trade names and do not reveal ownership information. n169 Most of
the trade names used by companies - such as Cash Advance, Western Sky, and
Preferred Cash Loans - offer no indication of tribal ownership. Given these
trade names, it therefore seems illogical to assume that the typical consumer
would have any idea that tribes own these companies. While the Better Business
Bureau recommends that consumers research lenders to protect themselves before
entering into contracts, it also acknowledges that this can be extremely
difficult with internet lenders, noting that "some payday lenders work under a
variety of different business names and websites." n170 To further complicate
matters, several lenders may operate under the same company name. n171

   While some companies, such as Western Sky, n172 make it known that they are
tribally affiliated, even when the company discloses or borrowers discover the
connection, many consumers have no idea how this relationship affects the
transaction - either because the consumer does not inquire about the effect or
the tribe is unwilling to disclose certain information. Regulators report that
tribally owned companies conceal information concerning fees and interest rates,
default rates, the location from which money is borrowed, and even the company's
business address. n173

   D. No Balancing of Interests

 Tribal lending can be extremely harmful to consumers who enter into contracts
believing that the law protects them against abusive lending and are unaware
that a lender's affiliation with a tribe makes it immune from suit. n174 States
have argued that "the equities weigh  [*347]  against applying tribal sovereign
immunity in a state's action to enforce its consumer protection laws" because
consumer harms will go unregulated. n175 Payday lenders intentionally prey on a
particularly vulnerable group of consumers who are unable to acquire credit and
believe they have nowhere else to turn. n176 Regulators note that some tribally
owned companies use unfair practices that exceed those used by the typical
payday lender, including: continually harassing borrowers in default through
phone calls and mailings; disclosing default information to employers and
co-workers; claiming that they are authorized to garnish wages; and hiding terms
in contracts by making them extremely difficult to understand. n177 Although
courts have been sympathetic to this argument, they are without authority to
rule in favor of states' equity interests because " "sovereign immunity is not a
discretionary doctrine that may be applied as a remedy depending on the equities
of a given situation ... .' Rather it presents a pure jurisdictional question."
n178 Consequently, this is a question for the legislature and not for the
courts. n179 Accordingly, courts continue to stress that federal regulations to
protect consumers against tribal predatory lending practices are necessary.

   IV. Federal Regulatory Action

   A. Congressional Abrogation of Tribal Immunity

 The Constitution does not guarantee tribal immunity from suit; however, the
Supreme Court has made clear that tribes are "domestic dependent nations," and
states may not intrude on their  [*348]  sovereignty. n180 The Court, however,
recognized that, because Congress has plenary power over Indian affairs, it may
eliminate or limit tribal sovereign immunity through legislation. n181

   Federal regulatory action is an important part of preventing consumer harm,
and the abrogation of sovereign immunity is one way that this could be achieved.
In order for sovereign immunity to be waived by legislation, Congress must
unequivocally express this purpose. n182 Courts strictly apply this standard and
require a clear finding that Congress manifested a legislative intent to
abrogate immunity. n183 To exhibit the requisite clarity, the regulation must
not only specifically apply to tribes, but it must also definitely mention that
tribes are subject to enforcement actions. n184 Courts have refused to enforce
congressional regulations against tribes, even when they have specifically noted
that a law applies to tribes, if the law does not clarify that tribes will also
be subject to enforcement actions for violating the law. n185 Courts have ruled,
however, that the language of other statutes meets the requisite clarity needed
for courts to consider a waiver unequivocal. n186 Accordingly, as long as
Congress's legislation reflects Court precedent, it is clear that Congress has
the ability to pass laws that would subject tribal lenders to regulation.
However, it is unclear whether Congress will be willing to impose such
regulations on payday lenders.

   1. Likelihood of Congressional Regulation

 Although Congress has the ability to regulate tribal payday lenders, it is
unlikely that it will actually do so for two reasons. First, Congress seems to
be largely unaware of the problem. Second, Congress has been unwilling to
regulate the payday lending industry as a whole, leaving regulation to the
states.

   Congress's lack of knowledge about tribal payday lenders originates from the
minimal case law on the subject and the  [*349]  regulation of payday lending at
the state, rather than the federal level. As stated earlier, because tribal
immunity is a purely jurisdictional question, actions against payday lenders
rarely proceed further than the pleading stage, despite the fact that most
states claim to be aware of tribal lenders' harmful practices. n187 Based on the
jurisdictional nature of the inquiry, courts often dismiss these cases before
they hear any of the substantive issues in the complaint, which makes this an
inadequate avenue for bringing these matters to Congress's attention. n188

   Though Congress is largely unaware of the issues presented by tribal payday
lenders, it is clear that Congress is aware of payday lending industry practices
as a whole. Members of Congress have introduced various pieces of legislation
targeting these companies, beginning as far back as 2005; however, these
attempts have been largely unsuccessful. n189 Most of these attempts have
languished in committee, with the exception of the Military Lending Act of 2006,
which protects military personnel from predatory lending practices. n190

   Commentators contend that the failure to pass effective legislation is
largely due to the intense lobbying efforts of many payday lenders. n191 Payday
lenders spend lavishly to create relationships with members of Congress,
targeting legislators on both sides of the aisle to "beat back all attempts at
consumer protection." n192 Research conducted by the Citizens for Responsibility
and Ethics in Washington found that the amounts spent on lobbying efforts have
doubled since 2004, with campaign contributions from these groups surpassing $
1.5 million in 2008. n193 Lobbyists for the payday lending industry have
notoriously targeted legislators,  [*350]  attempting to halt legislation each
time Congress introduces a bill, n194 and it seems likely that these efforts
will persist.

   Moreover, Native Americans also use intense lobbying efforts when Congress
considers abrogating their immunity. n195 If evidence of the tribal lobbying
efforts used to protect Indian casinos is any indication of what is to come if
Congress moves to eliminate tribal lending, n196 both tribal and payday lending
lobbyists will likely join in the fight to halt legislation.

   It has long been a tenet of the Indian self-governance model that one of the
most important aspects of self-determination is the promotion of the economic
interests of the tribe n197 - which tribes advance in support of allowing tribal
businesses to remain unregulated. Due to widely held tribal beliefs that the
government continues to erode tribal rights, there is a consistent lobbying
presence in Congress representing tribal interests. n198 Commentators report
that tribes spend at least $ 50,000 annually in expenditures for lobbying
connected to tribal interests. n199 Accordingly, those seeking to reform the
payday lending industry should respond with their own lobbying efforts. There is
a clear need for federal regulation of tribal lenders, but with no sign of a
decrease in lobbying efforts, reformers may have to find another way to regulate
these lenders. Because Congress explicitly issued authority to the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") to regulate payday lending, consumer
advocates are pushing this new agency to take action to regulate lenders. n200

   B. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Regulation

 Congress delegated the authority to the CFPB to regulate payday lenders through
the Dodd-Frank Act. n201 Knowing that the chances of Congress passing
legislation regulating the payday lending  [*351]  industry are unlikely, states
have reached out to the newly formed CFPB to move toward regulation. The CFPB is
the right agency to tackle the problem based on the Agency's purpose - Congress
created the Agency to provide an additional layer of oversight to address issues
that have escaped regulation. n202 In fact, the CFPB's newly appointed director,
Richard Cordray, has promised to make regulation of payday lending an Agency
priority, n203 saying that "the agency will move aggressively to halt illegal
practices ... by ... payday lenders." n204 The "field hearing" held on the
payday lending industry sought to gain information on industry practices and
provided evidence that Cordray is moving forward with this promise. n205
Supporters of the industry, however, have expressed concerns that, by
eliminating all payday lenders, the CFPB will eliminate all options for
consumers seeking to obtain emergency credit. n206 The CFPB has responded by
stating that it "recognizes the need for emergency credit" and that its
objective is to help consumers by targeting illegal and abusive practices, while
not eliminating the industry completely. n207 At the very least, the CFPB will
likely conduct investigations into the practices of payday lenders - moving in
the direction of increased enforcement. n208

   Based on a payday lending field guide released to CFPB industry examiners,
the CFPB is only scrutinizing payday lenders based on the federal laws already
in place. n209 While regulating breaches of federal law is important, the guide
mentions nothing about state law practices or Indian tribe affiliations. n210
Additionally, even if the CFPB  [*352]  recognizes a company's tribal
affiliation, many experts believe that any attack on tribal entities will lead
to long court battles concerning tribal immunity standards. n211 This sheds
light on a few unanswered questions about the CFPB's ability to regulate tribal
lenders: whether a regulatory agency has the authority to waive tribal immunity;
whether the CFPB will become aware of the problem; and whether a CFPB regulation
will address state laws.

   1. Ability of CFPB to Regulate Tribes

 Courts consider Congress's plenary power to regulate tribal immunity a vague
standard, which will likely require the Supreme Court's interpretation of the
standard's precise meaning. The CFPB will probably argue that Congress's plenary
power extends to federal agencies based on administrative law principles. n212
Consequently, tribes will likely contest the CFPB's ability to abrogate immunity
based on the delegation of authority given to the agency through the Dodd-Frank
Act.

   Based on the limited case law addressing whether Congress's authority to
abrogate tribal immunity extends to agencies, it is difficult to determine
whether a court would uphold enforcement actions or rules created by the CFPB
directed at payday lenders. Cases have shown that, when an agency issues a
regulation, "its validity depends upon its being within the statutory authority
Congress conferred upon the regulating agency." n213 Accordingly, a court will
have to determine what authority Congress conferred on the CFPB.

   Based on the statutory language in the Dodd-Frank Act, the purpose of the
CFPB is to "seek to implement and ... enforce Federal consumer financial law
consistently for the purpose of ensuring that all consumers have access to
markets ... and that markets for consumer financial products and services are
fair, transparent, and competitive." n214 The objective of ensuring that
"consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices
and from discrimination" is particularly applicable to payday lenders. n215
Congress granted the CFPB rulemaking authority  [*353]  to "prescribe rules and
issue orders and guidance, as may be necessary or appropriate to enable the
Bureau to administer and carry out the purposes and objectives of the Federal
consumer financial laws." n216 Further, the Act gives the CFPB authority to
prohibit unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices under federal law. n217 The
CFPB "may prescribe rules applicable to a covered person or service provider
identifying as unlawful unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in
connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product
or service," n218 which suggests that the CFPB has the authority to pass
regulations further restricting payday lending practices.

   It is difficult, however, to determine whether the Dodd-Frank Act and any
payday lending regulations created under the Act will apply to tribes.
Jurisdictions vary in interpreting how statutes apply to tribes, as well as
their requirements for when a statute has waived immunity. n219 The Dodd-Frank
Act is a federal statute of general applicability based on tests formulated by
courts to determine when a statute has abrogated immunity. n220 Tests applied by
courts finding abrogation based on federal statutes of general applicability,
such as the Dodd-Frank Act, vary depending on the statute's clarity in its
application to tribes. n221 Where statutes clearly encompass tribes and impose a
method of judicial enforcement, "courts appear uniform in finding congressional
abrogation of tribal sovereign immunity." n222 Conversely, courts are less
likely to find abrogation where a statute's scope does not clearly encompass
tribes. n223 Without any case squarely in line with the wording of the
Dodd-Frank Act, it is necessary to determine the Act's appropriate place within
these two categories. While the statute's wording arguably places the Dodd-Frank
Act within the former category, there is also an argument that the statute
should be included among the latter. n224 Although jurisdictions vary in
determining these issues, it is probable that the Dodd-Frank Act  [*354]
constitutes abrogation of immunity regardless of the category chosen for this
particular statute.

   Although the Dodd-Frank Act imposes a method of judicial enforcement both at
the federal and state level, n225 the Act's applicability to tribes is more
ambiguous than statutes in previous judicial opinions. Under the statute, the
CFPB has enforcement authority against "covered persons" who provide payday
loans. n226 The Act defines a "covered person" as "any person that engages in
offering or providing a consumer financial product or service." n227 The Act
then defines "person" as "an individual, partnership, company, corporation, [or]
association." n228 Thus, a company or corporation providing a payday loan is
clearly subject to enforcement under the Act. Although these definitions in
themselves do not mention anything about tribal entities, the act defines
"State" as including "any federally recognized Indian tribe." n229 Consequently,
in relation to this Act, tribes are equivalent to states; accordingly, tribes
should be subject to the same legal standards that courts would apply to
state-owned corporations. Although this reasoning may appear far-flung, courts
have found similar reasoning - namely, linking definitions advanced in the
statutes - to clearly encompass tribes in terms of enforcement. n230 If a court
accepts this rationale, the correct determination would be to apply the immunity
standard used for state businesses in assessing the immunity of tribal payday
lenders. The provision giving state regulators authority to bring civil actions
under the Act, in the name of a state, "with respect to any entity that is
State-chartered," n231 provides additional support for this reasoning.  [*355]
Due to the explicit definition of "State" in this title, this would include
actions against tribally chartered corporations.

   Applying the state immunity standard, states are immune from private suit
under the Eleventh Amendment. n232 However, this immunity does not extend to
suits against states by other states or the federal government. n233 The waiver
of immunity with respect to states and the federal government was a necessary
consequence of ratification of the Constitution n234 - tribes did not assume
this same consequence, however, because they did not ratify the Constitution.
n235 This recognition may stand against a court's acceptance of treating tribes
as states under the statute. On the other hand, it is clearly within
congressional power to control Indian affairs n236 - this law could merely
reflect that plenary power. Thus, if "tribe" is synonymous with "state," then
the tribe will be immune from private actions, but not those actions by the
federal or state government enforcing the Dodd-Frank Act. This is important
because the standard applies equally to state-owned corporations.

   There may be a problem, however, with the power of the states to bring
enforcement actions. The statute allows the attorney general of the state to
bring enforcement actions in the name of the state against a company in
violation of this law. n237 The Constitution establishes that states may bring
actions against other states in federal courts. n238 However, Congress has
further qualified the original jurisdiction of a controversy between two states,
requiring that the Supreme Court hear these actions. n239 The provision in the
Dodd-Frank Act allowing a state attorney general to bring enforcement actions
clearly holds that these actions must be brought in federal district court, not
in the Supreme Court. n240 Yet, this should not present an obstacle for states
bringing actions in district courts because the requirement of exclusive Supreme
Court jurisdiction is  [*356]  statutory and not constitutionally guaranteed.
n241 Thus, it is within Congress's power to waive this jurisdictional
requirement.

   If a court does not accept that this statute clearly encompasses tribes, the
appropriate standard for determining its applicability to tribes is that used
for actions brought by the federal government, including government agencies. A
statute of general applicability may apply to Indian tribes, unless it "(1) ...
touches "exclusive rights of self-governance in purely intramural matters'; (2)
the application ... would "abrogate rights guaranteed by Indian treaties'; or
(3) there is proof "by legislative history or some other means that Congress
intended [the law] not to apply to Indians... .' " n242 Clearly, this is not a
purely intramural matter because the business seeks to provide loans to non-
tribal consumers. n243 Additionally, this does not seem to eliminate treaty
rights, nor is there anything in the legislative history to show that the
Dodd-Frank Act should not apply to tribes. Thus, at least when the CFPB brings
an action, tribes should be subject to enforcement.

   Enforcement will present a problem, however, if state regulators seek to
bring an action pursuant to their enforcement authority under the statute
because tribes are immune from state enforcement actions. n244 However, the
language that allows the state to bring enforcement actions against
"state-chartered" corporations should give more leeway in allowing these
actions, which is a question that a court will ultimately need to decide. At a
minimum, even if a court does not find that this statute encompasses tribes
under the first standard, the CFPB should have enforcement authority to ensure
that tribal payday lenders comply with the Act.

   Although this does not solve the problem of state law circumvention, at the
very least, tribes would have to comply with all federal laws under the Act. As
a recent FTC complaint alleges, n245 the FTC has recognized that tribal lenders
are known to violate many  [*357]  federal lending laws by using illegal lending
tactics. n246 Additionally, it is within the CFPB's rulemaking authority to make
rules concerning "unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts." n247 Under these
provisions, payday lending practices are arguably unfair because they cause
substantial injury to consumers and are abusive because they interfere with
consumer's ability to understand terms, while taking unreasonable advantage of
consumers. n248 One substantial restriction on the CFPB, however, is that it is
not given the authority to set usury rates for payday loans. n249 Thus, if this
is the ultimate goal in restricting payday lending, the solution will need to
rest with Congress. Notwithstanding this fact, there are various measures that
states have used to combat payday lending, short of setting interest rate caps -
including limits on the number of loans a person can take out, disclosure
requirements, fees associated with loans, collection practices, and various
other loan terms. n250 Furthermore, although the state laws may not be enforced
by bringing actions under the Dodd-Frank Act, regulators would be able to use
the discovery found in those proceedings to prove that these are sham businesses
and not legitimate arms of the tribe. Because the Act does not alter state laws
that provide greater protection to consumers, once states discover information
proving that a company is not an arm of the tribe, state regulators can bring
actions against companies that are not complying with state consumer protection
laws. n251 Additionally, the CFPB has the power to further define "covered
persons" subject to the Act and may use that authority to more concretely
include tribal lenders, making interpretation issues less ambiguous for courts.
n252

   2. Likelihood of CFPB Regulation

 If the CFPB has the authority to bring enforcement actions against tribal
payday lenders, it remains unclear whether they will take that step. For the
same reasons Congress is largely unaware of the problem, n253 it is likely that
the CFPB will similarly be unaware of the tribal ownership of many payday
lenders. Moreover, if the CFPB  [*358]  becomes vocal about its crackdown on
payday lenders, tribal lenders will likely continue to use elaborate ploys to
conceal their identities and further evade new consumer protection regulations.
n254 On the other hand, Congress created the CFPB as another means to address
the failure of federal oversight regarding abuses against consumers; thus, it is
more likely that the CFPB will conduct investigations that are more thorough and
will recognize the problems associated with tribal lenders.

   C. Issues Confronting Regulation

 Even if Congress or the CFPB decides to regulate payday lending at the federal
level, this will fail to address many states' concerns. States currently
regulate payday lending, and this regulation greatly differs among states. Some
states completely prohibit the practice - as is the case in New York, which has
a mandated APR cap of twenty-five percent n255 - while others set additional
restrictions, such as capping interest rates, limiting the loan terms, or
capping the amount of loans an individual is able to take out. n256 Still
others, such as Wyoming, apply no restrictions to the industry. n257 Consumer
advocates continue to press for regulations setting an interest rate cap, with
most calling for a thirty-six percent APR cap, n258 which is consistent with the
"widely accepted benchmark for small loans." n259 Payday lending advocates
respond to regulators by arguing that "all companies that loan to consumers
should be under the same rule of law and should have to comply with the same
consumer protection requirements so that you have consistent, across-the-board
protections to restrain predatory lending and high-cost lending." n260 While the
CFPB would be unable to set this cap, n261 if Congress decides to follow this
advice and set a thirty-six percent cap,  [*359]  this regulation will still be
inadequate for many states - namely those who have been successful in passing
strict regulations that have eliminated the industry all together. Additionally,
a federal regulation would likely be less protective for consumers, based on
other types of restrictions, than the laws used in many states.

   If Congress or the CFPB takes on the task of regulating the industry, they
should consider this problem in the rulemaking stage before loopholes become
apparent. One available option is for the CFPB to issue a regulation setting
national restrictions while deferring to any state laws that provide greater
protection - an approach that Congress used in the Volunteer Protection Act
passed in 1997. n262 The language of this law reads that it "shall not preempt
any State law that provides additional protection." n263 Additionally, in order
to meet the Supreme Court's standards, the regulation would have to
unequivocally state that Indian tribes are subject to enforcement actions for
violations of the act, at both the state and federal level. In doing so, this
regulation would be a clear step toward eliminating the harmful practices
characteristic of the tribal payday lending industry.

   Conclusion

 While a reevaluation of tribal immunity standards in the context of today's
increasingly integrated economy is necessary, it is unlikely that Congress will
address these issues in the near future. Because Congress is unlikely to reform
immunity standards, regulators will have to work with the standards already in
place to combat this problem. As the above discussion demonstrates, it is
evident that there is a dire need for reform to protect against predatory tribal
lenders.

   Although there is no perfect option for addressing these problems, the CFPB
is the agency most able to pass reform that will adequately address state
regulation problems. In examining agency rules that have successfully regulated
tribal entities, a regulation passed by the CFPB in this area would fall within
this unequivocal congressional abrogation standard set by the Supreme Court.
Payday lending is within the authority of the CFPB, as delegated to it by
Congress. As long as the CFPB follows the proper standards, it could be a
significant force in ending tribal lenders' harmful reach.

    [*360]  As these companies continue to grow and gain more attention, if
regulators cannot halt these practices, it is likely that the strategy will
expand into other product and service markets that are restricted by state
regulation. Although it remains unclear what a rule should look like, what is
clear is that regulation is necessary. While the importance of protecting Native
American rights is evident, federal regulators must weigh those interests
against the interests of American consumers to be free from predatory practices.
When companies use tribal immunity as a method to circumvent consumer protection
laws - rather than as a method to sustain self-governance - regulators should
prioritize consumers' rights over tribal rights and take decisive, corrective
action to protect the public from harm.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Computer & Internet LawCivil ActionsDamagesGovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority
& JurisdictionGovernmentsNative AmericansTribal Sovereign Immunity

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  GreenStarCash, https://www.greenstarcash.com/ (last visited Nov. 15, 2012).





n2.  Frequently Asked Questions, AmeriLoan, https://ameriloan.com/?page=info_faq
(last visited Nov. 15, 2012).





n3.  Id.





n4.  See generally Jessica Silver-Greenberg, Payday Lenders Join with Indian
Tribes, Wall St. J. (Feb. 10, 2011), http://online.wsj.com/article
/SB10001424052748703716904576134304155106320.html (describing one woman's
experience with payday lenders in Virginia).





n5.  See Carolyn L. Carter, Nat'l Consumer Law Ctr., Consumer Protection in the
States 6 (2009), http://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/car_sales/UDAP
_Report_Feb09.pdf.; Marc Winerman, The Origins of the FTC: Concentration,
Cooperation, Control, and Competition, 71 Antitrust L.J. 1, 77-78 (2003).





n6.  See Black's Law Dictionary 359 (9th ed. 2009) (defining consumer protection
laws as "state or federal statutes designed to protect consumers against unfair
trade and credit practices involving consumer goods, as well as to protect
consumers against faulty and dangerous goods").





n7.  See William C. Canby, Jr., American Indian Law in a Nutshell 74 (4th ed.
2004) ("The Trade and Intercourse Acts [passed between 1790 and 1834] made no
attempt to regulate the conduct of Indians among themselves in Indian country;
that subject was left entirely to the tribes.").





n8.  Id. at 74-75.





n9.  Id. at 12.





n10.  Id.





n11.  Worcester v. Georgia, 31 U.S. (6 Pet.) 515, 559 (1832), superseded by,
various state Enabling Acts, as recognized in Arizona v. San Carlos Apache
Tribe, 463 U.S. 545 (1983).





n12.  See Canby, supra note 7, at 75.





n13.  See Carter, supra note 5, at 6; Colin Provost, State Attorneys General,
Entrepreneurship, and Consumer Protection in the New Federalism, Publius: J.
Federalism, Spring 2003, at 37-38 (describing the regulation shift from the
federal government to the states in the 1970s).





n14.  See Carter, supra note 5, at 6.





n15.  See Nathalie Martin, Payday Loans: Why This Should Make the CFPB's Short
List, 2 Harv. Bus. L. Rev. Online 44, 47-48 (2011),
http://www.hblr.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Martin-Payday-Loans.pdf.





n16.  See, e.g., id. at 48-49.





n17.  See id. at 47-48.





n18.  See generally Leah A. Plunkett & Ana Lucia Hurtado, Small-Dollar Loans,
Big Problems: How States Protect Consumers from Abuses and How the Federal
Government Can Help, 44 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 31 (2011) (examining state regulation
of payday lenders).





n19.  See Martin, supra note 15, at 47-48 (describing the practice of payday
lenders devising new schemes to get around consumer protection laws).





n20.  See id.





n21.  See Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., American Indian Law Deskbook 288-89
(Clay Smith et al. eds., 4th ed. 2008).





n22.  See id. at 288 ("A core element of tribal sovereignty is a common law
immunity from suit against all but the federal government.").





n23.  Id.





n24.  See Martin, supra note 15, at 47-48 (noting that "numerous states have
made regulating payday loans a priority" and asserting that the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau has the authority to join in regulating payday loans
if it chooses).





n25.  See Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4.





n26.  See, e.g., Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572, 576 (Ct.
App. 2008) (noting that the lending business was formed "for the purpose of
supplying a self-sustaining and diversified stream of revenues for the tribe");
Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4 ("The chief of the Modoc tribe in Miami, Okla.,
said getting into the payday-loan business has generated jobs that are a welcome
addition to the tribal-owned [businesses].").





n27.  See Brian C. Lake, Note, The Unlimited Sovereign Immunity of Indian Tribal
Businesses Operating Outside the Reservation: An Idea Whose Time Has Gone, 1996
Colum. Bus. L. Rev. 87, 88 (1996) (arguing that unlimited sovereignty should not
be extended to off-reservation tribal businesses because conditions that apply
only to off-reservation businesses would result in unfairness to third parties).





n28.  See Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4 (noting that one borrower was unaware
that her loan was coming from an Indian tribe).





n29.  Karen K. Harris & Kelly Ward, Rent-a-Tribe Payday Lenders, The Shriver
Brief (Feb. 14, 2011),
http://www.theshriverbrief.org/2011/02/articles/asset-opportunity/asset-building
/rentatribe-payday-lenders/.





n30.  Amy Biegelsen, Maryland Challenges Online Payday Lender Owned by Tribal
Member, Center for Pub. Integrity (Mar. 21, 2011, 3:09 PM),
http://www.publicintegrity.org/2011/03/21/3692/maryland-challenges-online-payday
-lender-owned-tribal-member.





n31.  Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4.





n32.  Id.





n33.  See id. ("In the past 18 months, more than 1,000 payday lenders have
expressed interest in cloning the strategy used at the Overland Park call center
... .").





n34.  See Lauren K. Saunders, Leah A. Plunkett & Carolyn Carter, Nat'l Consumer
Law Ctr., Stopping the Payday Loan Trap 4 (2010) (describing the characteristics
of payday loans).





n35.  Payday Lending: How the Debt Trap Catches Borrowers, Center for
Responsible Lending,
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/tools-resources/debttrap.html
(last visited Nov. 15, 2012) [hereinafter Debt Trap].





n36.  Id.





n37.  Id.





n38.  See generally Plunkett & Hurtado, supra note 18 (arguing that states,
Congress, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau should work together to
regulate small-dollar lending).





n39.  Debt Trap, supra note 35.





n40.  See Saunders, Plunkett & Carter, supra note 34, at 4 (noting that payday
lenders "use specialized credit reporting services that track the subprime
market" and depend largely on those who take out new loans to pay off previous
payday loans).





n41.  Id. at 5.





n42.  See id.; Scott A. Hefner, Payday Lending in North Carolina: Now You See
It, Now You Don't, 11 N.C. Banking Inst. 263, 267 (2007) (describing typical
payday loan borrowers).





n43.  Saunders, Plunkett & Carter, supra note 34, at 4.





n44.  See Debt Trap, supra note 35.





n45.  See id. (describing the profitability of repeat customers for payday loan
companies); see also Saunders, Plunkett & Carter, supra note 34, at 4.





n46.  Leslie Parrish & Uriah King, Phantom Demand: Short-Term Due Date Generates
Need for Repeat Payday Loans, Accounting for 76% of Total Volume 2 (July 9,
2009),
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/phantom-deman
d-final.pdf.





n47.  See id.





n48.  Id. at 3.





n49.  Saunders, Plunkett, & Carter, supra note 34, at 4.





n50.  Martin, supra note 15, at 46-47.





n51.  See id.; see also Creola Johnson, Payday Loans: Shrewd Business or
Predatory Lending?, 87 Minn. L. Rev. 1, 119-20 (2002).





n52.  See Ctr. For Responsible Lending, Payday Loans Put Families in the Red 1
(Feb. 2009),
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/payday-puts-f
amilies-in-the-red-final.pdf [hereinafter Families in the Red].





n53.  See supra text accompanying notes 40-48.





n54.  Families in the Red, supra note 52, at 1.





n55.  Id.





n56.  See generally Plunkett & Hurtado, supra note 18 (examining state
regulation of payday lenders).





n57.  Saunders, Plunkett & Carter, supra note 34, at 10.





n58.  Id.





n59.  See id. at 10-11 ("Currently, 14 jurisdictions - soon to be 15 - either
ban payday loans or subject them to an interest rate cap of 36% annual
percentage rate ("APR") or less. Some of these states permit an origination fee,
but the APR for a two-week, six-month, and 12-month loan is well below
triple-digits in all of those states even with the fee included.").





n60.  Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. (5 Pet.) 1, 17 (1831).





n61.  Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., supra note 21, at 287.





n62.  309 U.S. 506 (1940).





n63.  See id. at 514.





n64.  See Canby, supra note 7, at 93.





n65.  See id.





n66.  See id. at 87 ("The Supreme Court has almost always held the line against
permitting state law to apply to Indians in Indian country.").





n67.  Williams v. Lee, 358 U.S. 217, 223 (1959).





n68.  498 U.S. 505 (1991).





n69.  Id. at 509.





n70.  See Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 755 (1998) ("We have
recognized that a State may have authority to tax or regulate tribal activities
occurring within the State but outside Indian country.").





n71.  Citizen Band, 498 U.S. at 510.





n72.  Id. at 515 (Stevens, J., concurring).





n73.  See Kiowa Tribe, 523 U.S. at 760 ("Tribes enjoy immunity from suits on
contracts, whether those contracts involve governmental or commercial activities
and whether they were made on or off a reservation.").





n74.  See id. at 755 ("There is a difference between the right to demand
compliance with state laws and the means available to enforce them.").





n75.  Id.





n76.  See, e.g., Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572, 578 (Ct.
App. 2008) (citing Kiowa Tribe, 523 U.S. at 754) (acknowledging the Supreme
Court's position that "an Indian tribe's sovereign nation status confers an
absolute immunity from suit in federal or state court, absent an express waiver
of that immunity or congressional authorization to sue").





n77.  Felix S. Cohen, Cohen's Handbook of Federal Indian Law § 7.05[1][a], at
636 (2005).





n78.  See id.





n79.  See Okla. Tax Comm'n v. Graham, 489 U.S. 838, 841 (1989) ("The existence
of a federal immunity to the claims asserted does not convert a suit otherwise
arising under state law into one which, in the statutory sense, arises under
federal law.").





n80.  See Karen J. Atkinson & Kathleen M. Nilles, Office of Indian Energy &
Econ. Dev., Tribal Business Structure Handbook A-1 (2008),
http://permanent.access.gpo.gov/lps125418/tribal_busines
s_structure_handbook.pdf.





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  Petition for Writ of Certiorari at 16, Wright v. Colville Tribal Enter.
Corp., 550 U.S. 931 (2007) (No. 06-1229), 2007 WL 737603 at 16 [hereinafter
Petition for Writ of Certiorari].





n84.  25 U.S.C. § 477 (2006).





n85.  Atkinson & Nilles, supra note 80, I-5 to I-6.





n86.  Id. at I-5.





n87.  See id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Id. at III-1.





n90.  See, e.g., Petition for Writ of Certiorari, supra note 83, at 13.





n91.  See Atkinson & Nilles, supra note 80, at III-1. ("Tribally chartered
corporations, unlike state chartered entities, are considered to be largely
exempt from state regulation ... .").





n92.  Petition for Writ of Certiorari, supra note 83, at 13.





n93.  Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., supra note 21, at 290 (citing Okla. Tax
Comm'n v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe, 498 U.S. 505, 510 (1991)).





n94.  See id.; see also Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Tech., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 758
(1997) (stating that "there are reasons to doubt the wisdom of perpetuating the
doctrine"); Citizen Band, 498 U.S. at 514 (lamenting that "the doctrine of
sovereign immunity is founded upon an anachronistic fiction" (Stevens, J.,
concurring)).





n95.  Kiowa Tribe, 523 U.S. at 758.





n96.  Id.





n97.  Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal Rptr. 3d 572, 582 (Ct. App. 2008).





n98.  Kiowa Tribe, 523 U.S. at 758.





n99.  Ameriloan, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d at 582 (discussing Kiowa Tribe, 523 U.S. at
760, and Citizen Band, 498 U.S. at 514).





n100.  See David Heath, Payday Lending Bankrolls Auto Racer's Fortune, Center
for Pub. Integrity (Sept. 26, 2011),
http://www.publicintegrity.org/2011/09/26/6605/payday-lending-bankrolls-auto-rac
ers-fortune; see also Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4 (noting that "tribal
lenders can even lend in the twelve U.S. states where lawmakers have kicked out
the rest of the payday loan industry").





n101.  See Ameriloan, 86 Cal Rptr. 3d at 576; Cash Advance & Preferred Cash
Loans v. State ex rel. Suthers, 242 P.3d 1099, 1103 (Colo. 2010).





n102.  See Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., supra note 21, at 289; see also Cash
Advance, 242 P.3d at 1102 (holding "tribal sovereign immunity is jurisdictional
in nature").





n103.  See generally United States v. James, 980 F.2d 1314 (9th Cir. 1992)
(holding that the district court property quashed a subpoena against a tribe on
tribal immunity grounds).





n104.  See generally Okla. Tax Comm'n v. Citizen Band Potawatomi Indian Tribe,
498 U.S. 505 (rejecting a state tax enforcement action).





n105.  Cash Advance, 242 P.3d at 1108.





n106.  Id.





n107.  See id. at 1103 (stating that this enforcement action commenced after the
defendant lending company repeatedly ignored subpoenas). For a detailed account
of the allegations against Cash Advance, see David Heath, Race Car Driver Scott
Tucker Drew an Elaborate Facade Around His Payday Loan Businesses, Center for
Pub. Integrity (Sept. 28, 2011),
http://www.publicintegrity.org/2011/09/28/6656/race-car-driver-scott-tucker-drew
-elaborate-facade-around-his-payday-loan- businesses (reporting that Tucker's
attorney wrote that Tucker would continue ignoring the state's subpoenas).





n108.  See Heath, supra note 107, at 8 (stating that some states claim that they
do not have the resources or expertise to fight predatory payday lenders
affiliated with tribes).





n109.  Heath, supra note 100.





n110.  Id.





n111.  Cash Advance, 242 P.3d at 1103.





n112.  See State ex rel. Suthers v. Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans, 205
P.3d 389, 402-04 (Colo. App. 2008) (enforcing subpoenas against director of
lending businesses in addition to tribes).





n113.  See Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal Rptr. 3d 572, 576 (Ct. App.
2008); Cash Advance, 205 P.3d at 408-09.





n114.  See, e.g., State v. Cash Advance, No. 05CV1143, at 27, 2012 WL 3113527
(Colo. Dist. Ct. Feb. 18, 2012); Petition for Review and Request for Stay at
16-17, Baillie v. Account Receivable Mgmt. of Fla., 2011 Cal. LEXIS 6622 (June
29, 2011) (No. S194110), 2011 CA S. Ct. Briefs LEXIS 1013 at 26-27.





n115.  For further reporting on how regulators in Maryland, West Virginia, and
New Mexico have attempted to bring tribally affiliated payday lenders into
court, see Biegelsen, supra note 30; Michael Hudson & David Heath, Debt and
Tribal Payday Lenders, Daily Yonder (Feb. 13, 2011),
www.dailyyonder.com/debt-and-tribal-payday-lenders/2011/02/11/3177; Zac Taylor,
Payday Lender Can't Hide Behind Indian Tribe Status, Judge Says, Charleston
Gazette (Nov. 16, 2011), http://sundaygazettemail.com/News/201111160149.





n116.  86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572.





n117.  Id. at 575-76.





n118.  Id. at 576.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Id. at 577.





n122.  Id. at 579 (citing Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 760
(1997)).





n123.  Id.





n124.  242 P.3d 1099 (Colo. 2010).





n125.  Id. at 1103.





n126.  Id.





n127.  Id.





n128.  Id. at 1104.





n129.  Id.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Id. at 1108.





n132.  Id. at 1115.





n133.  Id. (noting that "the tribal entities' voluntary disclosure of some
information functions as a limited waiver of their immunity with respect to all
information").





n134.  Id.





n135.  State v. Cash Advance, No. 05CV 143, 2012 WL 3113527, at 3 (Colo. Dist.
Ct. Feb. 18, 2012).





n136.  David Heath, Courts Debate Validity of Indian-owned Payday Lenders,
Center for Pub. Integrity (Dec. 20, 2011),
http://www.publicintegrity.org/2011/12/20/7716
/courts-debate-validity-indian-owned-payday-lenders.





n137.  Id. For further reporting detailing the process of how payday lenders
affiliate with tribes to claim sovereign immunity, see Alicia Caldwell, Payday
Lenders Are Able to Get Around State Regulations by Claiming Sovereign Immunity,
Denver Post (Feb. 13, 2011), www.denverpost.com/opinion/ci_17355660.





n138.  See Heath, supra note 136.





n139.  See id.





n140.  Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4.





n141.  Caldwell, supra note 137.





n142.  See Heath, supra note 136.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id.





n145.  Id.





n146.  Id.





n147.  Id.





n148.  Id.





n149.  Payday lending consultants offer advice for starting businesses, running
businesses, and maximizing profit. See, e.g., RGMI Consulting,
http://www.rgmiconsulting.com/ (last visited Nov. 15, 2012).





n150.  See id.





n151.  Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4.





n152.  See, e.g., Consultants4Tribes.com (last visited Nov. 15, 2012); RGMI
Consulting, supra note 149.





n153.  Courts Debate Validity of Indian-owned Payday Lenders,
Consultants4Tribes.com (Dec. 21, 2011),
http://www.consultants4tribes.com/courts-debate-validity-of-indian-owned-payday-
lenders/.





n154.  Cash Advance & Preferred Cash Loans v. Colorado, 242 P.3d 1099, 1113
(Colo. 2010).





n155.  Id. at 1114 (citing Puyallup Tribe v. Dep't of Game, 433 U.S. 165, 173
(1977)). This limitation is a function of the fact that discovery requests may
be "directed solely to matters affecting the trial court's subject matter
jurisdiction." See Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572, 586 (Ct.
App. 2008).





n156.  Cash Advance, 242 P.3d at 1114 (citing Puyallup Tribe, 433 U.S. at 173).





n157.  See Heath, supra note 100.





n158.  See supra Part II.





n159.  See generally Atkinson & Nilles, supra note 80, at III-1 (contrasting the
procedures tribes must comply with in order to incorporate a business based on
tribal law with the procedures required for chartering a tribal business under
federal law).





n160.  See id. at A-1.





n161.  Id. ("In some jurisdictions, if the answers are "no,' the inquiry
ends.").





n162.  Tim Leeds, Online Payday Lending Practices Spark Nationwide Concerns,
Havre Daily News (Nov. 20, 2009),
http://www.havredailynews.com/cms/news/story-165439.html.





n163.  See Silver-Greenberg, supra note 4.





n164.  See Heath, supra note 100.





n165.  Id.





n166.  Id.





n167.  Id.





n168.  Hudson & Heath, supra note 115.





n169.  Id. (noting that many payday lending websites "reveal nothing about who
owns them").





n170.  Leeds, supra note 162.





n171.  Id.





n172.  See Western Sky Financial, http://www.westernsky.com/ (last visited Nov.
15, 2012) ("WESTERN SKY FINANCIAL is owned wholly by an individual Tribal Member
of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe and is not owned or operated by the Cheyenne
River Sioux Tribe or any of its political subdivisions. WESTERN SKY FINANCIAL is
a Native American business operating within the exterior boundaries of the
Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation, a sovereign nation located within the United
States of America.").





n173.  Heath, supra note 100.





n174.  See Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572, 582 (Ct. App.
2008) (quoting Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., 523 U.S. 751, 758 (1997)) (noting
that "immunity can harm those who are unaware that they are dealing with a
tribe, who do not know of tribal immunity, or who have no choice in the matter,
as in the case of tort victims").





n175.  Id. at 581.





n176.  Id.





n177. . Press Release, Fed. Trade Comm'n, FTC Action Halts Allegedly Illegal
Tactics of Payday Lending Operation That Attempted to Garnish Consumers'
Paychecks (Sept. 12, 2011), http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2011/09/payday.shtm.
Recently, the FTC has filed a complaint against various payday lenders accused
of breaking general federal lending laws in the District of Nevada. See
Plaintiff's Memorandum of Points and Authorities in Support of Motion for
Preliminary Injunction and Other Equitable Relief at 1, Fed. Trade Comm'n v. AMG
Servs., Inc., No. 2:12-cv-00536 (D. Nev. Apr. 2, 2012). While this may address
some of these concerns if the complaint proceeds past the pleading stage, the
action will only affect those practices which breach federal law and will have
no effect on state law. Additionally, this suit would only affect a few of the
many companies using these unfair practices. Id. at 3-12. Further, if successful
this action would be brought by a federal agency and would not affect the
ability of states to bring actions for the same practices.





n178.  Ameriloan, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d at 582 (quoting Warburton/Buttner v. Superior
Court, 127 Cal. Rptr. 2d 706, 715 (Ct. App. 2002)).





n179.  Id.





n180.  Canby, supra note 7, at 74-75.





n181.  Kiowa Tribe v. Mfg. Techs., 523 U.S. 751, 754 (1998) (stating that tribes
are "subject to suit only where Congress has authorized the suit or the tribe
has waived its immunity").





n182.  See Canby, supra note 7, at 74-75; Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., supra
note 21, at 296.





n183.  See Conference of W. Att'ys Gen., supra note 21, at 296.





n184.  See Canby, supra note 7, at 100.





n185.  The Americans with Disabilities Act is an example of such a statute. See
id.





n186.  See Cohen, supra note 77, at § 7.05[1][b] (finding that Congress has
abrogated the immunity of tribes through various acts such as the Indian Civil
Rights Act, the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, and the Clean Water Act).





n187.  See, e.g., Ameriloan v. Superior Court, 86 Cal. Rptr. 3d 572, 582 (Ct.
App. 2008).





n188.  See, e.g., id.





n189.  See, e.g., Predatory Payday Loan Prohibition Act of 2005, S. 1878, 109th
Cong. (2005) (containing legislation that was introduced and referred to the
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, but never became law).





n190.  John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, Pub.
L. No. 109-364, 120 Stat. 2083 (2006); see also Center for Responsible Lending,
Policy & Legislation (2006),
http://www.responsiblelending.org/payday-lending/research-analysis/Summary-of-ML
A.pdf.





n191.  See, e.g., Dan Rather Reports, The Best Congress Money Can Buy (CBS
television broadcast 2007).





n192.  Id.





n193.  See Sewell Chan, A Consumer Bill Gives Exemption on Payday Loans, N.Y.
Times (Mar. 9, 2010),
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/10/business/10regulate.html; Ryan J. Reilly,
Payday Loan Industry Doubles Lobbying Expenditures, TPM Muckraker (Mar. 15,
2011, 1:40 PM), http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2011/03/payday _loan_
industry_doubled_lobbying _expenditures.php.





n194.  Johnson, supra note 51, at 132-33.





n195.  See Donald L. Barlett & James B. Steele, How Indian Casino Interests Have
Learned the Art of Burying Influence in Washington, Time, Dec. 23, 2003, at 52.





n196.  See id.





n197.  Lake, supra note 27, at 92.





n198.  Aaron F. W. Meck, Comment, The Conflict Between State Tests of Tribal
Entity Immunity and the Congressional Policy of Indian Self-Determination, 35
Am. Indian L. Rev. 141, 142-44 (2011).





n199.  Native American Resource Partners, Influence & Lobbying, OpenSecrets.org,
http://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000054378& cycle=2011 (last
visited Nov. 15, 2012).





n200.  See Chan, supra note 193.





n201.  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Pub. L. No.
111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010); see also Hudson & Heath, supra note 115.





n202.  See Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, § 1011,
124 Stat. 1376, 1964 (2010); see also Maya Jackson Randall, CFPB Chief Addresses
Payday Lenders, Wall St. J. (Jan. 19, 2012),
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203750404577 171292004242930.html.





n203.  Ben Hallman, Richard Cordray, CFPB Chief, Promises New Scrutiny Of Banks
That Make Payday Loans, Huffington Post (Jan. 20, 2012),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/19/richard-cordray-cfpb-bank-payday-loans_
n_1216265.html.





n204.  Randall, supra note 202.





n205.  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Examines Payday Lending, Consumer
Fin. Protection Bureau (Jan. 19, 2012),
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/pressrelease
/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-examines-payday-lending/.





n206.  See id.





n207.  Id.





n208.  See generally Consumer Fin. Protection Bureau, Examination Procedures,
Short-Term, Small-Dollar Lending (2012),
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Short-Term-Small-Dolla
r-Lending- Examination-Manual.pdf (explaining that the objective of the
examination is to determine whether practices of lenders breach federal consumer
laws).





n209.  See id.





n210.  Id.





n211.  Hudson & Heath, supra note 115.





n212.  Based on the non-delegation doctrine, it is clear that Congress may
delegate its power to an agency as long as it is pursuant to some "intelligible
principle." See Mistretta v. United States, 488 U.S. 361, 372 (1989).





n213.  Canby, supra note 7, at 285.





n214.  12 U.S.C. § 5511(a) (Supp. 2011).





n215.  Id. § 5511(b)(2).





n216.  Id. § 5512(b)(1).





n217.  Id. § 5531(a).





n218.  Id. § 5531(b).





n219.  Conference of W. Attorneys Gen., supra note 21, at 296-97.





n220.  Id.





n221.  Id. at 297.





n222.  Id.





n223.  Id.





n224.  Blake Sims & Justine Hosie, Tribal Loans to State Residents - The Next
Test of Sovereign Immunity, Consumer Fin. Services Newsl. (Am. Bar Ass'n),
Winter 2011, http://apps.americanbar.org/buslaw/committees/CL230000pub/newsl
etter/201112/sims_hosie.pdf.





n225.  See 12 U.S.C. § 5514(c) (Supp. 2011) (federal); 12 U.S.C. § 5552 (Supp.
2011) (state).





n226.  Id. § 5514(c)(1).





n227.  Id. § 5481(6).





n228.  Id. § 5481(19).





n229.  Id. § 5481(27).





n230.  See Atlantic States Legal Fund. v. Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Cmty.,
827 F. Supp. 608, 609 (D. Ariz. 1993).



   Under the RCRA, citizens are permitted to bring compliance suits "against any
person (including (a) the United States and (b) any other governmental
instrumentality or agency ...) who is alleged to be in violation ... .' 42
U.S.C. § 6972(a)(1)(A). "Person' is subsequently defined to include
municipalities. 42 U.S.C. § 6903(15). Municipalities include "an Indian tribe or
authorized tribal organization... .' 42 U.S.C.S. § 6903(13)(A)... . the text and
history of the RCRA clearly indicates congressional intent to abrogate the
Tribe's sovereign immunity with respect to violations of the RCRA.

 Id.





n231.  12 U.S.C. § 5552(a)(1) (Supp. 2011).





n232.  U.S. Const. amend. XI.





n233.  See Alden v. Maine, 527 U.S. 706, 755 (1999).





n234.  U.S. Const. amend. XI.





n235.  See A History of the Bill of Rights, Am. C.L. Union of Fla.,
http://www.aclufl.org/take_action/download_r esources/info_papers/9.cfm (last
visited Nov. 15, 2012).





n236.  See supra Part I.B.





n237.  12 U.S.C. § 5552(a)(1) (Supp. 2011).





n238.  U.S. Const. art. III, § 2; U.S. Const. amend. XI.





n239.  U.S. Const. art. III, § 2.





n240.  12 U.S.C. § 5552.





n241.  See U.S. Const. amend. XI.





n242.  E.E.O.C. v. Karuk Tribe Hous. Auth., 260 F.3d 1071, 1078-79 (9th Cir.
2001) (quoting United States v. Farris, 624 F.2d 890, 893-94 (9th Cir. 1980)).





n243.  See id. at 1079 (quoting Donovan v. Coeur d'Alene Tribal Farm, 751 F.2d
1113, 1116 (9th Cir. 1985) ("The tribal self-government exception is designed to
except purely intramural matters such as conditions of tribal membership,
inheritance rules, and domestic relations from the general rule.").





n244.  See supra Part IV.B.1.





n245. . FTC Action Halts Allegedly Illegal Tactics of Payday Lending Operation
that Attempted to Garnish Consumers' Paychecks, Fed. Trade Commission (Sept. 12,
2011), http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2011/09/payday.shtm.





n246.  While the complaint itself does not allege that tribes own these
companies, the named companies in the complaint are tribes that have used the
tribal defense in state court actions.





n247.  12 U.S.C. § 5531(a) (Supp. 2011).





n248.  See id.





n249.  Id. § 5517(o).





n250.  See supra Part I.A.





n251.  12 U.S.C. § 5551(a)(1) (Supp. 2011).





n252.  Id. § 5514(a)(2).





n253.  See supra Part IV.A.1.





n254.  Hudson & Heath, supra note 115.





n255.  Hearing on Foreclosure, Predatory Lending and Payday Lending in America's
Cities: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Domestic Policy of the H. Comm. on
Oversight and Domestic Reform, 110th Cong. 165 (2007) (statement of Jean Ann
Fox, Director of Consumer Protection, Consumer Federal of America).





n256.  Id.





n257.  Id. at 7-8.





n258.  Policy & Legislation, supra note 190, at 2.





n259.  Lauren K. Saunders et al., Nat'l Consumer Law Ctr., Stopping the Payday
Loan Trap: Alternatives that Work, Ones that Don't 1 (2010) available at
http://www.nclc.org/issues/payday-loans.html.





n260.  Wayne Greene, Regulators in Dispute Over Internet Payday Loans by Tribes,
Tulsa World (Oct. 25, 2011, 4:09 PM),
http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx
?subjectid=336&articleid=20111025_16_A1_ Intern472461.





n261.  See supra Part IV.B.1.





n262.  Volunteer Protection Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-19, 111 Stat. 218
(codified at 42 U.S.C. § 14502 (2006)).





n263.  § 14502.


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Interview: Tribal Council Mismanagement and Millions Missing

LENGTH: 2081  words

DATELINE: New York


International Human Right organization has issued the following news release:

On South Dakota's impoverished Lower Brule Sioux reservation, $1.2 million of US
government funding dedicated to providing the tribe with drinking water has
disappeared. Roughly $2.6 million in federal money earmarked for education and
other social programs went missing - after which the reservation's school system
had to be overhauled due to poor performance.

Then there was the scandal when the Tribal Government bought a nearly insolvent
Wall Street firm, a federally backed loan, and about $20 million that hasn't
been accounted for. At the center of this financial chaos is the reservation's
Tribal Council, a group of six elected officials, some of whom have held their
position for a decade or longer.  Three are still in office, while three others
lost their seats to reform candidates in September 2014.

The council has only released select information about its actions for years,
and since 2007 refused to share any documentation about its spending with tribal
members, despite repeated requests, including from some members of the council
itself. In 2007, tribal members began writing their senators and Bureau of
Indian Affairs requesting a formal investigation, to no avail. Two years ago,
Human Rights Watch's business division director, Arvind Ganesan, began probing
allegations of abuse on the reservation, helping unravel the tale of the
council's shady dealings. He talks with Amy Braunschweiger about the new report,
"Secret and Unaccountable" and about how last fall's elections have turned the
tribe upside down.

What made you want to research this topic?

This came out of nowhere. I was researching predatory lending practices on US
Indian reservations throughout South Dakota and elsewhere. While I was at the
Crow Creek reservation, directly across the Missouri River from Lower Brule, a
woman approached me, and began telling me about allegations of secrecy and
mismanagement at Lower Brule, asking me to investigate. Later that day, I was in
an office when another woman called, asked for me, told me that I needed to
investigate what was happening in Lower Brule, then hung up. In general, when
people approach you with allegations, you have to be skeptical. They could have
political motivations or they could simply be unhappy. But I decided to go to
the reservation and check it out to see why people were asking me to look into
this.

I had already visited three reservations in South Dakota - two of them
considered the poorest in the country - but Lower Brule looked even worse.
People began calling and emailing me documents. When I looked over budget
information, things looked off. So I began digging.

How is it possible that the Lower Brule Tribal Council can refuse to share how
it spent federal money?

They shouldn't be able to. It goes against their tribal constitution, not to
mention general principles of good governance. But the Council chose not to
honor those commitments and there isn't much that can be done about it.

In 2007, tribal members began to really protest the council's secrecy and
allegations of financial mismanagement. People started to comment publicly about
it and some documents leaked online.  The council responded by basically
withholding all information and documentation about its activities from the
public, a violating provisions in the tribal constitution and  the people's
right to information under international human rights law.

Last fall, to the surprise of pretty much everyone, the tribe voted in three new
council members who ran on a platform of fighting for transparency,
accountability and better social services. The vice-chairman was voted out. But
when these new members asked to look into the council's financial practices,
Michael Jandreau, who has been chairman for almost 35 years, and the remaining
three long-standing members stonewalled them.  Now the situation has
deteriorated to the point where the three new councilmembers held a nonbinding
meeting where they voted to remove Jandreau and two other councilmembers from
office. Jandreau and the others petitioned to remove them from office for gross
misconduct. The dispute is in the tribal courts.

Why don't you think federal agencies investigated? This is federal money, after
all.

Some agencies have asked the council questions about the money, but it is not
clear why they didn't investigate. In some cases, they seem to have just wanted
the council to repay the funds and in others it isn't clear why. We tried to
contact agencies like the Bureau of Indian Affairs repeatedly and only later did
they say they couldn't talk to us because of an investigation.

Tribal members, including councilmembers, had asked the federal government to
investigate for years. But agencies can't do anything without hard evidence and
it is hard for people to obtain that, especially if the Council won't release
information.

What exactly did your research uncover?

First, a total of $3.8 million slated to fund education, water programs, and
assistance for the poor has disappeared from the budget. We know this because
federally-mandated audits disclosed this and then the federal government wrote
to the council, asking what happened to the money. We can't find evidence of any
investigation. The tragedy is that the average salary in Lower Brule is roughly
$10,000 a year, and about 40 percent of the reservation's 1,600 people require
food assistance. The diversion of these funds - with no explanation as to where
they went - violates tribal members' right to water and education and has
severely undercut efforts to provide people with desperately needed services.

But we uncovered a much more brazen case of mismanagement. In 2009, the Council
set up shell companies to buy the floundering Wall Street brokerage house,
Westrock Group - a company that had already been repeatedly fined for unethical
business practices. It went bankrupt two years after the purchase. To buy the
company, the council used scarce tribal resources as well as a $22.5 million
federally backed loan guarantee from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, under a loan
program meant to promote economic development and poverty alleviation. Normally,
they give loans from around $500,000 to individuals or tribes, but in this case
gave a guarantee for a $22.5 million loan to a shell company of the Tribe to
help buy Westrock.

The tribal company then sold the loan for $20 million. For the purchaser, it was
seemingly risk-free; if the tribe defaulted, the US government would pay. But
the Tribal Government has not accounted for the $20 million it received from
that sale. That's equal to nearly two-thirds of the tribe's annual budget. This
deal is yet another example of how financial diversions have undermined the
tribe's economic and social rights.

The council and its business partners claim that they used the money to repay
the firm's investors. But I tracked down a number of creditors, and all said
that they received no money from the tribe. In fact, the tribe approached them
to ask for more money. But some people did get money, including board members of
a tribal government company, according to a judge's ruling in a New York court
case related to purchase of Westrock.

How do you know all this if the tribe wouldn't release any documentation? Where
did you get your information?

We regularly asked the Council and its general counsel for documentation since
2013, but they refused. So we filed Freedom of Information Act requests with the
federal government, searched elsewhere for financial documents, obtained court
testimony from people involved in questionable transactions, and interviewed
people with knowledge of these activities. I spent over eighteen months tracking
down this information.

In the end, we collected hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of information. I
went through Westrock Group's bankruptcy documents, and had a three-hour
interview with the man who brokered the deal to sell the government-backed loan.
I tracked down people at government agencies, the Internal Revenue Service, the
Bureau of Indian Affairs. Not all of the agencies provided information, but
others did.

Interestingly, the Department of Housing and Urban Development sent us a letter
saying the tribe asked the agency to refuse our request for information. The
letter went on to say that they believed withholding the information would force
them to break the law. They sent us everything.

Are these problems endemic among all Indian reservations?

No. There are more than 500 federally-recognized tribes in the US, so it would
be wrong to generalize. Some tribes have had problems, others have more and
better ways to hold their council accountable and protect tribal members. But
Lower Brule is striking for the degree of secrecy and the lack of effective
mechanisms to hold government accountable.  The way tribal sovereignty in the US
works means that Tribal governments have to put those protections in place. The
federal government can examine some issues, but not all.  That is why it is
critically important for Tribes to include human rights protections within their
governments.

What do you want to see done?

In an ideal world, we would see real reforms and transparency within Lower
Brule's tribal government. They need to disclose what has happened with public
funds and need to make information available generally, as their constitution
requires. They also need an Ombudsman or some other mechanism that can
independently investigate allegations of human rights violations or
mismanagement in tribal government, including the Tribal Council.  But the
federal government needs to disclose what happened to federal funds, investigate
any allegations of wrongdoing, and change the rules so that disclosure of funds
and audits are mandatory and readily available. The good news is that the
Department of Interior's Office of Inspector General said that it is beginning
to examine why the Bureau of Indian Affairs extended a loan guarantee to the
tribe that was used to buy Westrock.

How are things changing now that new council members have been elected?

It hasn't yet. So far Jandreau, the chairman, held two cursory meetings in
October and has refused to hold any Tribal Council meetings since then.  Now
Jandreau has initiated legal proceedings to remove the new councilmembers from
office.

Clearly frustrated, the new members actually staged a mock-no confidence vote,
symbolically "removing" Jandreau and the two other members who denied them
access to financial documents. They made a video of the event and posted it on
YouTube. Chairman Jandreau's representative responded by petitioning the tribal
court to remove the three new council members from office. The first hearing
takes place today, January 12, in front of a judge appointed by Jandreau. We've
repeatedly tried to talk Jandreau and the other council members in power when
the alleged abuses occurred, but they refused to meet with us or comment on our
findings.

All the evidence you've laid out certainly indicates questionable dealings by
the Tribal Council. But why is Human Rights Watch investigating the tribe when
it's clear that for centuries the main perpetrator of abuse against Native
Americans was the US government?

What happened to Native Americans at the hand of the US government was horrific
and wrong, and we detail it in the report. But in 2014, the problems in
protecting their human rights are more complicated. Tribal governments have
human rights responsibilities and are largely responsible for managing the
public funds needed to realize human rights, such as funds for education, water,
or health.  If they are not responsive to their own members, act in secret, and
are not accountable, then major problems can occur. Our job at Lower Brule or in
other parts of the world where we have done this work is to rigorously and
fairly examine the facts and objectively look at who are the responsible
parties. That doesn't minimize the responsibility of the federal government and
we think they should have done much more to investigate any potential wrongdoing
and better disclose how federal funds are used, but we have to see the situation
for what it is and recognize much of what needs to be done to improve rights on
the reservation and for the people at Lower Brule involves the Tribal
Government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

Prior Lake-based Sioux community reports donations

BYLINE: Dan Heilman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 201  words


The Prior Lake-based Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community released its annual
donation report. The 52-page report detailed $30.3 million in charitable giving
made by the community in fiscal 2009 to Indian tribes, education and youth
programs, and charitable organizations. The SMSC also provided $129 million in
loans to Indian tribes during the fiscal year, which ran from Oct. 1, 2008,
through Sept. 30, 2009.

The Donation Report details economic development and other grants to 20 tribal
nations, totaling $17.5 million. Seventeen tribes each received a $1 million
tribal grant. Of those, seven are located in Minnesota. Ten other tribes in
Nebraska, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and North Dakota each received a $1 million
tribal grant. Grants funded housing, a tribal nursing home, a walleye fishery,
tribal infrastructure, economic development, a grocery store, a youth treatment
center, an elderly village, and community and administrative centers.

Also in fiscal 2009 the SMSC made $129 million in loans to six different tribes
for projects ranging from new casinos to community infrastructure development.
In total, the SMSC has committed over half a billion dollars in loans and grants
to Indian Country.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 28, 2014 Sunday

Change is coming

BYLINE: AMYR. SISK Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1451 words


STANDINGROCKSIOUXRESERVATION - Gathered inside a school on the northern edge of
the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, six young adults kept President Barack
Obama well beyond the 30 minutes allotted for their conversation.

Kendrick Eagle spoke about how he - at 21 years of age - ended up
single-handedly raising his four younger brothers while attending college.

When his father died several years back, his stepmother turned to alcohol and
drugs. His younger siblings remained under her care while he moved to Bismarck
for school and later to Washington state.

He didn't stay away long.

"I kept getting texts and calls from people in my hometown," he said.

His brothers' home situation had gotten out of hand. People were abusing his
siblings. His brothers - one as young as 5 - wandered around Cannon Ball at
midnight looking for their mother.

Eagle grew worried and decided to return. His little brother developed kidney
disease and had to go to the hospital in Bismarck. His stepmom became sick as
well, landing in the same hospital a few floors above his brother, where she
died.

With no parents left to look after them, Eagle assumed primary custody of his
brothers. He

saved up to buy a car, and he stopped going out with friends so he could care
for his siblings at home.

"I'm only 21 but I feel like I'm 50," he said.

Obama reacts

Fast forward six months from when Eagle met the president to a room in the
Capital Hilton hotel in Washington, D.C., earlier this month. Tribal leaders
from across the nation watched Obama walk to a podium, where he told a story
about the day he cried in the Oval Office after visiting Standing Rock.

"One young man was raising his four little brothers by himself," Obama said.
"All of them knew somebody that they loved who had attempted suicide, committed
suicide, died in a car accident, before their time. Some of them had spent time
living in a bus."

The president continued, describing how he called together top administration
officials after returning from Standing Rock to discuss education and job
training for Native American youth.

"I deal with a lot of bad stuff in this job," he said. "It is not very often
where I get choked up, so they knew I was serious about this."

Obama then announced a series of actions his administration would take - release
a report on challenges facing Native American youth, send Cabinet members to
visit reservations, launch a project to support schools, create a national
network to cultivate Native leaders and host an annual conference for youth.

Tribe's impressions

Sitting in the audience at this year's Tribal Nations Conference was Standing
Rock Sioux Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II.

"I can't think of another administration more willing to put attention toward
Indian Country," he said.

He quickly points to two legal settlements that took place under Obama's
watch.Combined, the Keepseagle v. Vilsack and Cobell v. Salazar settlements are
slated to provide more than $3 billion to Native Americans.

One of them directly pertains to Archambault's tribe. The lead plaintiff in the
Keepseagle case, a man from the Standing Rock reservation, sued the U.S.
Department of Agriculture over loans denied to Native American farmers.

"That was a case that was ongoing for close to 15 years and no movement was on
it," Archambault said. "When the president came in, he went to make a lot of
these discriminatory acts against Native Americans right."

Since visiting the reservation, Obama's focus has shifted to Native American
youth, Archambault said.

The tribe submitted 20 names of teenagers and young adults to the White House,
along with stories about their experiences on the reservation. Six were chosen
to sit down with Obama.

They met privately with the president and many sat near him while he addressed
tribal members and attended a powwow. Eagle said Obama listened like a parent,
interacting with himself and the five other youth.

"He and Michelle gave me a big old hug and told me I was strong," he said.

Eagle and the others doubted they would ever see the president again, though
Obama had said he would invite them to Washington one day.

"Adults say things to them all the time and never follow through," Archambault
said.

Promise fulfilled

In November, the president made good on his promise. Eagle and 17 other young
tribal members left the reservation for the nation's capital.

They arrived at the White House and got a tour of the West Wing and residence,
where they saw on display in the East Room the quilt tribal leaders had
presented the Obamas when they came to the reservation in June. The president
even welcomed the visitors into the Oval Office.

The group rode in the motorcade to a pizza joint. Obama chatted with the young
Standing Rock members while munching on pepperoni, said several people who
attended the event.

While in Washington, the group met with government officials and attended events
and attractions throughout the city.

They met up with another tribal member, Felix Lester, who was in town attending
a conference put on by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration. The Solen High School sophomore has friends who stopped going to
school and abuse drugs and alcohol.

"The main thing I talked about was I wanted to see change on the reservation,"
Lester said. "I want to see more students go to school that dropped out. I want
to see people get better grades."

The students who attended the conference broke into small groups to discuss
their experiences and brainstorm ideas before presenting them to government
officials.

"I wasn't the only one who talked like that and had the same feeling," Lester
said.

He would like to see a youth center in his community - maybe a boys' and girls'
club next to the school, where students can participate in extracurricular
activities or do homework.

Alana Cosay, one of the 18 from Standing Rock who went on the trip, said she
wanted the president to know that schools need to get creative to keep kids
interested. The 14-year-old said she would like to see more group activities and
field trips.

Improving schools

Her goal aligns with Archambault's vision. He said schools that receive money
from the Bureau of Indian Education do not have enough flexibility in
determining how they educate kids. Archambault offers the example of
standardized testing, which promotes an environment where students are bombarded
with information and then tested to see how much they have learned.

"It doesn't work, especially for Native American kids because we are used to
learning with our five senses," he said. "Not everyone learns the same."

Some students will fail time after time because they learn differently, he said.

"What Ilike to see and what the tribes should be working toward is self-directed
learning," he said. "There are other ways to get the students to explore and be
interested in education rather than sitting them down and listening to a lecture
or stuffing information into them."

He points to Montessori schools as an alternative, where teachers serve as
facilitators for students as they do hands-on activities and learn from their
peers.

During his visit to North Dakota, Obama announced an overhaul of the Bureau of
Indian Education, which oversees 183 tribal schools, including several on the
Standing Rock reservation.

"They are going to put a lot of control of education of our children back into
tribal hands," said Steve Sitting Bear, external affairs director for the
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. "We know how we learn."

Rather than embed pieces of culture in schools, he would like to see education
revolve around culture. It's not currently a priority, he said.

Leaving a legacy

Archambault said some on the reservation are skeptical that the president's
visit will lead to meaningful improvement.

"Because there have been so many broken promises and mistrust between Indian
nations and the United States, it's hard to believe that change will come," he
said. "It's more like we'll believe it when we see it, but I know that our youth
believe in it."

Eagle does. Between meeting the president - twice - and his conversations
inWashington, he knows bureaucrats are listening.

"Something is moving out there in D.C.," he said.

That trip sparked something inside him as well. He's determined to return to
Cannon Ball as an architect, so he's studying engineering technology and
business management at Bismarck State College. He hopes to build businesses on
the reservation to promote job creation.

"That's what makes me want to move back home," he said. "I want to try to help
youth and spread positive vibes."

He knows he too can have an impact on kids - just like Obama has done for him.

(Reach AmyR. Sisk at 701-250-8267 or amy.sisk@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Interview: Tribal Council Mismanagement and Millions Missing

LENGTH: 2081  words

DATELINE: New York


International Human Right organization has issued the following news release:

On South Dakota's impoverished Lower Brule Sioux reservation, $1.2 million of US
government funding dedicated to providing the tribe with drinking water has
disappeared. Roughly $2.6 million in federal money earmarked for education and
other social programs went missing - after which the reservation's school system
had to be overhauled due to poor performance.

Then there was the scandal when the Tribal Government bought a nearly insolvent
Wall Street firm, a federally backed loan, and about $20 million that hasn't
been accounted for. At the center of this financial chaos is the reservation's
Tribal Council, a group of six elected officials, some of whom have held their
position for a decade or longer.  Three are still in office, while three others
lost their seats to reform candidates in September 2014.

The council has only released select information about its actions for years,
and since 2007 refused to share any documentation about its spending with tribal
members, despite repeated requests, including from some members of the council
itself. In 2007, tribal members began writing their senators and Bureau of
Indian Affairs requesting a formal investigation, to no avail. Two years ago,
Human Rights Watch's business division director, Arvind Ganesan, began probing
allegations of abuse on the reservation, helping unravel the tale of the
council's shady dealings. He talks with Amy Braunschweiger about the new report,
"Secret and Unaccountable" and about how last fall's elections have turned the
tribe upside down.

What made you want to research this topic?

This came out of nowhere. I was researching predatory lending practices on US
Indian reservations throughout South Dakota and elsewhere. While I was at the
Crow Creek reservation, directly across the Missouri River from Lower Brule, a
woman approached me, and began telling me about allegations of secrecy and
mismanagement at Lower Brule, asking me to investigate. Later that day, I was in
an office when another woman called, asked for me, told me that I needed to
investigate what was happening in Lower Brule, then hung up. In general, when
people approach you with allegations, you have to be skeptical. They could have
political motivations or they could simply be unhappy. But I decided to go to
the reservation and check it out to see why people were asking me to look into
this.

I had already visited three reservations in South Dakota - two of them
considered the poorest in the country - but Lower Brule looked even worse.
People began calling and emailing me documents. When I looked over budget
information, things looked off. So I began digging.

How is it possible that the Lower Brule Tribal Council can refuse to share how
it spent federal money?

They shouldn't be able to. It goes against their tribal constitution, not to
mention general principles of good governance. But the Council chose not to
honor those commitments and there isn't much that can be done about it.

In 2007, tribal members began to really protest the council's secrecy and
allegations of financial mismanagement. People started to comment publicly about
it and some documents leaked online.  The council responded by basically
withholding all information and documentation about its activities from the
public, a violating provisions in the tribal constitution and  the people's
right to information under international human rights law.

Last fall, to the surprise of pretty much everyone, the tribe voted in three new
council members who ran on a platform of fighting for transparency,
accountability and better social services. The vice-chairman was voted out. But
when these new members asked to look into the council's financial practices,
Michael Jandreau, who has been chairman for almost 35 years, and the remaining
three long-standing members stonewalled them.  Now the situation has
deteriorated to the point where the three new councilmembers held a nonbinding
meeting where they voted to remove Jandreau and two other councilmembers from
office. Jandreau and the others petitioned to remove them from office for gross
misconduct. The dispute is in the tribal courts.

Why don't you think federal agencies investigated? This is federal money, after
all.

Some agencies have asked the council questions about the money, but it is not
clear why they didn't investigate. In some cases, they seem to have just wanted
the council to repay the funds and in others it isn't clear why. We tried to
contact agencies like the Bureau of Indian Affairs repeatedly and only later did
they say they couldn't talk to us because of an investigation.

Tribal members, including councilmembers, had asked the federal government to
investigate for years. But agencies can't do anything without hard evidence and
it is hard for people to obtain that, especially if the Council won't release
information.

What exactly did your research uncover?

First, a total of $3.8 million slated to fund education, water programs, and
assistance for the poor has disappeared from the budget. We know this because
federally-mandated audits disclosed this and then the federal government wrote
to the council, asking what happened to the money. We can't find evidence of any
investigation. The tragedy is that the average salary in Lower Brule is roughly
$10,000 a year, and about 40 percent of the reservation's 1,600 people require
food assistance. The diversion of these funds - with no explanation as to where
they went - violates tribal members' right to water and education and has
severely undercut efforts to provide people with desperately needed services.

But we uncovered a much more brazen case of mismanagement. In 2009, the Council
set up shell companies to buy the floundering Wall Street brokerage house,
Westrock Group - a company that had already been repeatedly fined for unethical
business practices. It went bankrupt two years after the purchase. To buy the
company, the council used scarce tribal resources as well as a $22.5 million
federally backed loan guarantee from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, under a loan
program meant to promote economic development and poverty alleviation. Normally,
they give loans from around $500,000 to individuals or tribes, but in this case
gave a guarantee for a $22.5 million loan to a shell company of the Tribe to
help buy Westrock.

The tribal company then sold the loan for $20 million. For the purchaser, it was
seemingly risk-free; if the tribe defaulted, the US government would pay. But
the Tribal Government has not accounted for the $20 million it received from
that sale. That's equal to nearly two-thirds of the tribe's annual budget. This
deal is yet another example of how financial diversions have undermined the
tribe's economic and social rights.

The council and its business partners claim that they used the money to repay
the firm's investors. But I tracked down a number of creditors, and all said
that they received no money from the tribe. In fact, the tribe approached them
to ask for more money. But some people did get money, including board members of
a tribal government company, according to a judge's ruling in a New York court
case related to purchase of Westrock.

How do you know all this if the tribe wouldn't release any documentation? Where
did you get your information?

We regularly asked the Council and its general counsel for documentation since
2013, but they refused. So we filed Freedom of Information Act requests with the
federal government, searched elsewhere for financial documents, obtained court
testimony from people involved in questionable transactions, and interviewed
people with knowledge of these activities. I spent over eighteen months tracking
down this information.

In the end, we collected hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of information. I
went through Westrock Group's bankruptcy documents, and had a three-hour
interview with the man who brokered the deal to sell the government-backed loan.
I tracked down people at government agencies, the Internal Revenue Service, the
Bureau of Indian Affairs. Not all of the agencies provided information, but
others did.

Interestingly, the Department of Housing and Urban Development sent us a letter
saying the tribe asked the agency to refuse our request for information. The
letter went on to say that they believed withholding the information would force
them to break the law. They sent us everything.

Are these problems endemic among all Indian reservations?

No. There are more than 500 federally-recognized tribes in the US, so it would
be wrong to generalize. Some tribes have had problems, others have more and
better ways to hold their council accountable and protect tribal members. But
Lower Brule is striking for the degree of secrecy and the lack of effective
mechanisms to hold government accountable.  The way tribal sovereignty in the US
works means that Tribal governments have to put those protections in place. The
federal government can examine some issues, but not all.  That is why it is
critically important for Tribes to include human rights protections within their
governments.

What do you want to see done?

In an ideal world, we would see real reforms and transparency within Lower
Brule's tribal government. They need to disclose what has happened with public
funds and need to make information available generally, as their constitution
requires. They also need an Ombudsman or some other mechanism that can
independently investigate allegations of human rights violations or
mismanagement in tribal government, including the Tribal Council.  But the
federal government needs to disclose what happened to federal funds, investigate
any allegations of wrongdoing, and change the rules so that disclosure of funds
and audits are mandatory and readily available. The good news is that the
Department of Interior's Office of Inspector General said that it is beginning
to examine why the Bureau of Indian Affairs extended a loan guarantee to the
tribe that was used to buy Westrock.

How are things changing now that new council members have been elected?

It hasn't yet. So far Jandreau, the chairman, held two cursory meetings in
October and has refused to hold any Tribal Council meetings since then.  Now
Jandreau has initiated legal proceedings to remove the new councilmembers from
office.

Clearly frustrated, the new members actually staged a mock-no confidence vote,
symbolically "removing" Jandreau and the two other members who denied them
access to financial documents. They made a video of the event and posted it on
YouTube. Chairman Jandreau's representative responded by petitioning the tribal
court to remove the three new council members from office. The first hearing
takes place today, January 12, in front of a judge appointed by Jandreau. We've
repeatedly tried to talk Jandreau and the other council members in power when
the alleged abuses occurred, but they refused to meet with us or comment on our
findings.

All the evidence you've laid out certainly indicates questionable dealings by
the Tribal Council. But why is Human Rights Watch investigating the tribe when
it's clear that for centuries the main perpetrator of abuse against Native
Americans was the US government?

What happened to Native Americans at the hand of the US government was horrific
and wrong, and we detail it in the report. But in 2014, the problems in
protecting their human rights are more complicated. Tribal governments have
human rights responsibilities and are largely responsible for managing the
public funds needed to realize human rights, such as funds for education, water,
or health.  If they are not responsive to their own members, act in secret, and
are not accountable, then major problems can occur. Our job at Lower Brule or in
other parts of the world where we have done this work is to rigorously and
fairly examine the facts and objectively look at who are the responsible
parties. That doesn't minimize the responsibility of the federal government and
we think they should have done much more to investigate any potential wrongdoing
and better disclose how federal funds are used, but we have to see the situation
for what it is and recognize much of what needs to be done to improve rights on
the reservation and for the people at Lower Brule involves the Tribal
Government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                               May 9, 2008 Friday

BYLINE: JODI RAVE Lee Enterprises Native American Bank president put on

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 761 words


The CEO and president of the Native American Bank, the only multi-tribe-owned
national bank in the country, has been placed on administrative leave.

"I'm shocked and surprised," said J.D. Colbert on Wednesday. The NAB board of
directors will meet in Denver and is expected to release a statement about the
management shakeup.

"We're continuing on with a solid financial institution, probably more
successful than any other bank in the country," Elouise Cobell, Native American
Bank co-chair, said. "We're entering into a new phase. We want to continue a
successful expert management team to take us into additional phases of the
bank."

News of the management showdown left one of the bank's largest depositors in
disbelief.

"As a customer of the bank, this caused me great concern for two reasons," Don
Kelin, president of CADDO Solutions, a multimillion-dollar office supply company
in Denver, said in a letter sent Wednesday to Cristina Danforth, chairwoman of
the bank's holding company.

"This action immediately sent out an alarm to stakeholders (customers) using the
bank - either the bank was in financial trouble or Mr. Colbert had done
something wrong and caused severe damage," said Kelin.

Colbert was put on administrative leave May 1.

The week before his removal, examiners from the Office of Comptroller of the
Currency - which does on-site reviews of national banks - arrived at the bank's
Denver headquarters for a scheduled audit. Colbert was removed from his duties
before the OCC had completed a draft report.

"We don't speculate until we make a public enforcement action," said Kevin
Mukri, a spokesperson for the OCC. If the audit warrants attention, it will be
posted on the OCC Web site, he said.

The last time the OCC took enforcement action against the NAB was in April 2003
when the bank was based in Browning, Mont. The bank achieved OCC compliance in
March 2007.

The NAB posted a net income of $1.4 million in 2007. The bank's return on
average assets, or profitability, was rated at 1.54 percent compared to bank
peer group ratings of .94 percent, according to the company's 2007 fourth
quarter report. The bank's assets reached $99 million, a 20 percent increase
compared to 2006.

Last August, the Democratic National Convention Committee announced the
organization had made a $2 million deposit with the NAB in Denver, the host city
for the 2008 Democratic convention.

Meanwhile, Kelin said he was assured by Bill Snider, NAB board chairman, that
the bank remained financially sound and there was no concern for any wrongdoing
by Colbert. "The decision to remove Colbert was made based on management
issues."

Colbert, who became the bank's president and CEO in 2006, has been temporarily
replaced by Donald H. McLean, who was given a 90-day contract to see the bank
through its management transition, said Kelin.

The bank's board of directors also rehired Tracie Davis, the bank's former chief
financial officer who resigned in February. She returned to the bank the same
day the NAB board placed Colbert on leave.

Kelin said he's concerned about the apparent lack of consultation with tribal
investors.

The Native American Bank was created in 2001 and is now owned by 26 federally
recognized tribes and tribal organizations across the United States. The bank
promotes economic development in Indian communities, which have been
historically underserved by mainstream banks. More than 85 percent of the bank's
loans are made to Indian people, including commercial, home mortgages, real
estate and consumer loans.

The recent decision to remove Colbert, a Chickasaw and Creek, is being driven by
non-Indian executive board members, said Kelin.

It raises "very troubling questions about just who is running the bank and its
future direction as to whether it will truly continue to serve Native Peoples,"
said Kelin. "Indeed, all of the foregoing appear to point more toward power
plays, personal vendettas and jealousies and an overall struggle for the soul of
the Native American Bank."

Kelin said Colbert does not appear to be receiving due process, but was removed
in an arbitrary and capricious manner.

"Last month, the bank released statements to the press and shareholders about
the success of the bank since J.D. Colbert has taken over as the president,"
said Kelin. "How can they issue a positive statement one month and then the next
month do a 180 degree turn and place the Native American president on leave?

"He was a hero for the last 12 months and now he is being replaced."

(Reporter Jodi Rave can be reached at 800-366-7186 or at jodi.rave@lee.net.)

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 5, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

Star Search

Jene Stonesifer

SECTION: HOME; PAGE T16

LENGTH: 416 words


Stargazers wanting to brush up on astronomy should ready their telescopes now.
"January is the best month to learn the constellations," says James Sharp, the
National Air and Space Museum's planetarium director. "The brightest stars are
in such a direction that they are up in the evening." People uncertain what
they're looking at -- or for -- can attend two workshops this month led by
Sharp. During the first program, "January Skies, North and South," on Jan. 7 at
9:30 a.m., Sharp will review six constellations including Gemini, Taurus, the
Big Dog and the Little Dog.

On Jan. 21 at 10 a.m., Sharp will lead a 45-minute family star-watch program,
"Orion and Friends," teaching a rhyme about constellations that can help
children identify them. The free programs are held in the museum's Einstein
Planetarium, 6th Street and Independence APenue SW. 202-357-2700.


Covering the Marital Terrain


Artist Michele Vernon's map quilt exhibited in the main foyer of the U.S.
Geological Survey features a "landscape of marriage" pattern with pathways for a
husband and wife that take different directions yet repeatedly intersect. The
woman's is a purple curvy path detouring to patches representing children,
relatives and sickness; The man's path is straight, direct and rendered in black
and white. The quilt is displayed through Jan. 31 at 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr.,
Reston. Open weekdays from 6 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. 703-648-7077.

Tribal Textiles


Beaded and woven works by eight Native American tribes from Oklahoma are being
shown at the Textile Museum. Dating from the 1800s to the present, the more than
75 pieces reflect both "tribal identity and integration," says exhibit
coordinator Kathy Epstein.  Tribal identity is evident in the ornamented
clothing fashioned by the Kiowa, a tribe known as the most efficient hunters of
the Plains, according to Epstein. Their works often decorated hides and
augmented the powerful symbol of man on horseback.

When the various tribes began resettling in response to the Indian Removal Act
in the 1830s, the artisans' styles were influenced by those of the other tribes.
"By Their Works You Shall Know Them: Native American Art from Oklahoma" features
objects on loan from thePhilbrook Museum of Art in Tulsa plus examples from
private collections. The show is at the Textile Museum, 2320 S St. NW, through
June 4. Hours: Monday- Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m. Free; $
5 nonmember donation suggested. 202-667-0441.



LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, PATTERNS FROM A MARRIAGE FORM THE BASIS FOR THE ALLEGORICAL
QUILT, ABOVE, ON DISPLAY IN RESTON. BELOW, A NATIVE AMERICAN BASKET FROM
OKLAHOMA AT THE TEXTILE MUSEUM. LLOYD WOLF

TYPE: SCHEDULE

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 19, 2009 Tuesday

Inn of the Mountain Gods misses loan payment

BYLINE: by Christine Idzelis

LENGTH: 378 words


Inn of the Mountain Gods Resort and Casino missed a $12 million interest payment
due May 15 on its senior notes, in what appears to be the first default on
high-yield notes in the Native American gaming industry.

Under legal provisions, the Mescalero, N.M.-based company has a 30-day grace
period to make the payment and so has not technically defaulted on its $200
million, 12% senior notes.

Nonetheless, Standard & Poor's has lowered its credit rating to D from CCC,
because its current financial distress makes it unlikely that a payment would be
made in full by June 15.

Concern among bond investors has been growing because the tribal gaming industry
has never seen a default on a high-yield bond payment, said Christine Swanick, a
partner at Dorsey & Whitney LLP.

Because of their special legal status, it is uncertain whether tribes could seek
Chapter 11 protection from creditors under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Also, there
are limitations on remedies, since no one other than tribes may have equity
interest in the casinos.

In the case of Inn of the Mountain Gods, the notes are unsecured, making
prospects for recovery even worse, said Swanick.

Owned and operated by the Mescalero Apache tribe, the company generated $27
million of revenue in the quarter ended Jan. 31, according to S&P's LCD unit.

It had issued the senior notes in October 2003 to help finance the completion of
a gaming facility, LCD said.

Inn of the Mountain Gods has a leverage multiple of about 6.2 times Ebitda, said
Ariel Silverberg, an S&P credit anaylst.

An outside spokeswoman for the Inn of the Mountain Gods did not respond to a
request for comment.

Other highly distressed casino operators are Buffalo Thunder Development
Authority, also in New Mexico, as well as Little Traverse Bay Bands Odawa
Indians in Michigan and Snoqualmie Entertainment Authority in Washington,
according to a source.

Analysts are watching the entire industry, however.

Two of the largest Native American casinos are based in Connecticut: Foxwoods
Resort Casino and Mohegan Sun, owned by the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority.
Mohegan Sun generated about $1.6 billion of revenue last year, said S&P analyst
Ben Bubeck.

It is also levered north of 6 times, he added, and carries a B rating with a
negative credit watch.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2009 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 27, 1996

FNMA Targets $ 18MM Indian Loans

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: Green Bay, WI


The Federal National Mortgage Association wants to buy $ 18 million in mortgages
made to American Indians this year, but it will have to pick up the pace to meet
its target, a meeting here heard.

Ken Goosens, who is the Native American housing specialist for the secondary
agency, told the Oweesta conference of First Nations Development Institute,
Fredericksburg, VA, that so far this year, Fannie Mae has been buying loans made
to Indians at an annualized rate of $ 6.3 million, versus its goal of $ 18
million.

Mr. Goosens, a Cherokee, acknowledged Fannie Mae will have to pick up the pace,
but he noted that the agency bought more Indian loans in the first quarter of
this year than it did for all of last year.

He said the agency has been buying four or five loans a month this year, with a
monthly volume of around $ 500,000.

Fannie Mae currently buys, on a negotiated basis, three government-guaranteed or
insured products and is in the process of starting a conventional mortgage
program.  Asked about the volume of non-government guaranteed mortgages Fannie
is buying, Mr. Goosens said last month the dollar amount was $ 43,000.

The government products the agency buys are the Housing and Urban Development
section 184 guaranteed mortgage, the Federal Housing Administration section 248
mortgage insurance product, and the section 502 Indian pilot loan of Rural
Economic and Community Development.

The agency began last year to buy the HUD 184 mortgage and also negotiated
agreements with Oklahoma tribes under the Fannie Mae Fee Simple Single Family
program.  (Fee simple refers to land which can be used as collateral.  Oklahoma
Indians have much less restricted land than other tribes because their
reservations were abolished and land allotted to individual members.)

Fannie Mae also has been negotiating for the past two years with the Navajo
Nation to allow conventional lending on reservation trust land.

As this publication went to press it was reported that the tribal council had
approved the deal.

Trust land is a thornier issue to deal with than fee simple since it has not
been allowed to be used as collateral for mortgages.  And allowing a lender to
perfect a security interest on trust land can call for a limited waiver of
sovereignty on the part of the tribe, which many tribes object to.

The Navajo, the nation's largest tribe, last year granted the limited waiver,
and Fannie Mae for its part declared the mortgages could be assumable by the
tribe or another tribal member, assuaging the tribe's fears that it would lose
more of its land base through foreclosures.

At the same panel Mr. Goosens appeared on, the Navajo Nation official who was
their point man on the deal expressed impatience at the pace of the agency's
efforts in Indian Country in general and the Navajo reservation, which is in
Arizona, Utah and New Mexico, in particular.

James Berg, an Oglala Lakota who until recently was the Navajos' economic
development specialist, said that without Fannie Mae, the nation would be unable
to meet ambitious housing goals of 15,000 units by the year 2000.

"There's still an absence of the secondary market on the Navajo Nation,' Mr.
Berg told the meeting.  "It's critical that we have one."

Mr. Berg spoke before news came of the approval of the deal.

"We need some solid conventional lending without government guarantees," said
Mr. Berg, who at last year's Oweesta conference detailed the Navajo plan to
build a whole economy, including a tribal construction firm, around mortgage
finance on the reservation.

Mr. Goosens detailed for the meeting some of the roadblocks to lending in Indian
Country.

He said these included resale restrictions, the necessity for Bureau of Indian
Affairs approval, the concept of communally owned resources, limited history of
loans and resales, lack of title and mortgage insurance, limited history of
foreclosures, the high proportion of first generation homebuyers, and the lack
of state law applicability to reservations (Mr. Goosens said most mortgage
protections are found in state rather than Federal law).

Fannie Mae, he said, is trying to dismantle those barriers and help create a
primary market for lenders by negotiating to buy mortgages made to Indian
borrowers.

He said the agency will buy government guaranteed loans and will buy
conventional loans "on a tribe by tribe basis."

And he said the agency has agreements with title and mortgage insurers to make
their products available.

Also, he said, Fannie Mae is "going to train lenders on how to do this
business." Mr. Goosens left the meeting here to put on the first training
session in Chicago the next day.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, FNMA Indian Mortgage Purchases 1996; Source: FNMA; Picture, Ken
Goosens is Fannie Mae's Native American housing specialist

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 October 25, 1998, Sunday, Correction Appended
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Cashing in on the casino;
A year after Harrah's arrival, money flowing in Cherokee

BYLINE: John Harmon

SECTION: DIXIE LIVING; Pg. 01M

LENGTH: 1476 words

DATELINE: Cherokee, N.C.


For this impoverished Native American enclave, the great white buffalo has
finally arrived.

Since the opening of Harrah's Cherokee Casino almost a year ago, the economy of
the 56,500-acre reservation that is home to 7,000 members of the Eastern Band of
the Cherokees has improved by any measure.

With more than 3.5 million gamblers expected to play at the sparkling gaming
palace before year's end, the Cherokees appear to be on their way to gaining
control over their own economic future.

"I see homes being furnished with new furniture. I see new cars being driven,"
says Vice Chief Bill Ledford. ''I see a whole lot of good for us."

To handle the huge crowds, the casino this summer added 500 gambling machines,
bringing the total to 2,300. All gambling is video machines, mostly poker and
slots; there are no live table games.

But some Cherokees worry that their economic salvation will eventually destroy
their unique culture, as they become assimilated into the middle class. Theirs
is a society that has evolved into a blend of Bible Belt conservatism (the
reservation remains dry for alcohol sales), traditional strong family ties and
beautiful handmade arts and crafts.

''(Gambling) is hurting our culture," contends Louise Maney. She and her
husband, John, who are renowned traditional potters, operate a Native American
craft shop. "With all this money coming in now, people aren't growing gardens,
people are not making crafts to sell like they used to. They don't have to." She
says sales of their goods, which range from earthen pottery to intricately
carved wood masks, have slumped since the casino opened. ''These gamblers don't
care about crafts," she says. ''They just want to gamble."
 Worry about addiction In the tribe's pursuit of prosperity, gaming's dark side
seems to officially have been ignored. Not only has the tribal council declined
to fund gambling treatment programs, but most individual members do not
acknowledge that any Indians have a problem.

"We have a few that go and play, but not many," says Dan McCoy, council
chairman. "I haven't noticed any problems."

Though it's too soon to tell in Cherokee, studies of Native Americans in North
Dakota and Minnesota indicate that Native Americans may suffer pathological
gambling at rates three to four times greater than the general population.
Gambling addiction affects about 3.5 percent of Americans. "I've been working
with gamblers and their families, and I can say without a doubt that video
gambling is the No. 1 form of gambling addiction," says Joanna Franklin, a
gambling counselor and executive vice president of the National Council on
Problem Gambling in Maryland.

And at least some of those hooked on machines have been Cherokees, says a
University of Missouri journalism graduate student, who last year studied the
effects of gambling on the reservation. While doing her research and
photographing the scene, Tanya Fabian met a Cherokee woman who confessed to
playing the games nightly for eight hours straight.

"She told me about a niece who lost her home to gambling debts," Fabian says.
"She knew of another woman to attempt suicide over (a) gambling debt. And she
told me of another woman who worked for the tribe who was fired for gambling (on
the job)."

No one disputes that Harrah's is greatly changing this tranquil reservation set
in the splendor of the Great Smoky Mountains. The Qualla Boundary has long been
a neon and plastic tourist town of rubber tomahawks and Day-Glo war bonnets. And
until now, that economy has always been seasonal. The casino employs 1,200
people year-round, about half of whom are Cherokees, said Harrah's spokesman
Charlie Lytle. The average salary is $ 25,000.

As a result, unemployment, though still high on the reservation, has dropped
significantly. In Swain County, where the majority of the Indians live, the
average annual unemployment rate for 1998 is 12 percent, down from 18 percent in
1996.

"With the casino attracting visitors year-round, we are finally becoming a
four-season resort," says David Redman, director of tribal promotions.

Motels and restaurants that once closed for the winter remain open year-round.
As of July, tribal sales tax collections from the 370 restaurants, motels, shops
and amusements were running 39 percent higher than last year. The economic boom
has attracted many Cherokees back to the reservation. Over the last two years,
reservation school enrollment is up by 13 percent, or 170 students.

"We're bulging at the seams," says school administrator Jimmy Baker. "We need
more room."

Millions of dollars are also pouring into tribal council coffers for projects
such as road improvements and water and sewer lines. A college scholarship fund
for all Cherokee children is being created. A tribal bank is planned to finance
Native American housing and small businesses.

Gaming has also had a direct impact on the tribe's efforts to preserve their
traditional culture. A cultural resources department has been created with a
full-time staff headed by a former curator at the American Museum of Natural
History.

Meanwhile, the $ 3.5 million award-winning renovation of the Museum of the
Cherokee Indian was made possible because the tribal council agreed to float a
loan that complemented several private and government grants.
 Individuals get a cut Half of all gambling revenue now goes directly to the
tribe's 11,500 enrolled members. Last year, the individual payment was $ 2,200;
this year's is expected to be higher. On a reservation where the per capita
income is $ 6,700, those checks have been welcome.

"The number of kids graduating from high school has doubled over the past five
years," says Lynne Harlan, the tribe's cultural affairs director. "The number of
kids graduating from community college, four-year colleges and technical schools
has quadrupled. And it's all because of the money brought in by gaming."

Harrah's Entertainment, which operates casinos across the country, has a
contract to manage the gambling house for four more years. The tribe expects to
take over management in 2002, perhaps assuring even greater profits.

Poverty remains severe, however. Almost 90 percent of schoolchildren are
eligible for free or reduced-cost school meals, though that number is expected
to drop significantly when the federal government refigures family eligibility
next year. This year, the Cherokee United Methodist Church distributed 120,000
pounds of free potatoes, as it has each of the past several years.

"People need to know that there are still a lot of poor people here," says the
Rev. Patrick Freeman. And I'm afraid the casino is something that won't last."
 Tourists all year round For 50 years, "Chief" Henry Lambert has made a living
from tourists. In his sidewalk tepee, wearing an outfit more Hollywood than
traditional Cherokee, Lambert poses for pictures for tips.

Each winter, though, when the frost covered the peaks, he packed away his
flowing headdress of red, black and white feathers. In cold months on the Qualla
Boundary, work is hard to come by; unemployment has been as high as 40 percent
in January and February.

But something different happened last winter. Lambert ''wore the feathers," as
he calls it, through much of the cold weather season, even posing with kids
while snow covered the ground.

''If you don't have the almighty dollar, you can't make it in today's world,"
says Lambert, who educated six children --- including a son who is a lawyer ---
by ''playing chief" in the summer and working for a tunnel construction company
off the reservation in the winter. ''And we're happy to take the white man's
money."

Pausing as he puffs on a cigarette, Lambert adds: ''Why do people think you have
to be poor to preserve your culture? You can do a lot more to preserve your
culture if you've got money."

Others are not so sure.

"I was idealistic for a long time," says Butch Sanders, director of social
services for the Bureau of Indian Affairs in Cherokee. ''I thought you couldn't
be greedy and be an Indian. But we're starting to act just like everyone else,
with our new houses and fancy cars. I'm not sure we are better off."

Outside the bureau's office on a sun-splashed afternoon, a lone Cherokee man in
his 20s is gathering walnuts off the ground. Under the sprawling limbs of the
giant hardwood, he pauses to consider the casino's legacy for his culture.

A teaching assistant at an elementary school, who asked that his name not be
used, he was taking the walnuts home to his wife, who would use them as
Cherokees have for hundreds of years: She would boil them into a rich brown dye
for the pieces of split oak she weaves into baskets.

"It's going to be beneficial in the short run," he finally says. "But in the
long run, it's going to hurt us."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

CORRECTION-DATE: October 25, 1998

CORRECTION: 10/25/98, Page A/02: In some editions of today's Dixie Living, which
was printed earlier, the last two words were dropped from John Harmon's story on
how Cherokee, N.C., is faring a year after the casino came to town. The story
should end with the sentence: "In the long run, it's going to hurt us."

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Don Taylor (left), who also goes by the name Donnie Redhawk, greets
 tourists outside the casino.  / DAVID TULIS / Staff
 Photo :
 Business is so good that Harrah's Cherokee Casino added 500 gambling
 machines this summer, bringing the total --- mainly video poker and
 slots --- to 2,300.  / ANITTA C. CHARLSON / Special to the AJC
 Photo :
 "Chief" Henry Lambert has earned a living posing with tourists for 50
 years. "My camera or yours?" he asks hundreds of times a day. In years
 past, he sought other work when winter came. Since the casino opened,
 tourists have come for pictures all year long. / TANYA FABIAN / Special
 Photo :
 C.J. Welch (left) and fellow preschoolers at the Snowbird Tribal
 Childcare Center in Robbinsville, N.C., learn the Cherokee language from
 elders.  / TANYA FABIAN / Special
 Photo :
 Before Harrah's 5-acre mega-casino became reality last November,
 gamblers like Mitch Taylor had to try their luck in the small tribal
 casino, opened in 1995 and now closed. / DAVID TULIS / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 1, 2014

Turtle Mountain Community College receives share of $5.2 million in funding

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 242  words


More than $5.2 million in federal funding and loans to support tribal colleges
and Head Start programs across the state were released recently to the
respective schools and programs.

Turtle Mountain Community College, Fort Berthold Community College and United
Tribes Technical Community College will each receive $145,302 for new
renovations and constructions on campus.

The funds and loans are made available by the U.S. Department of

Agriculture's (USDA) Community Facilities Program, which focus on rural areas
and towns with a population of up to 20,000 in providing loans grants and loan
guarantees for essential community facilities which typically focus on
education, health care, and public safety.

The grants are distributed as follows:

United Tribes Technical College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College

Initiative, and will be used to renovate two streets on campus, including curb
and gutter replacement and drainage problem corrections on campus.

Fort Berthold Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be
used to add a greenhouse to the school's campus.

Turtle Mountain Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated
by the USDA's

Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be used to
replace roofing for upgrades to the Medical Building on campus.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Administration for Native Americans; Statement of Organization, Functions, and
Delegations of Authority

LENGTH: 1656  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Administration for Children and Families (ACF) has reorganized the
Administration for Native Americans (ANA). This reorganization creates the
Division of Policy and makes other technical changes to reflect the current
functions within ANA. The realignment of functions better reflects the current
work environment and priorities within ANA, manifests ANA's commitment to
Federal/Tribal government-to-government relationships, and promotes
self-determination for all Native Americans. The statement of mission,
organization, functions, and delegations of authority conforms to and carries
out the statutory requirements of the Native American Programs Act (NAPA).

Table of Contents Back to Top

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    KE.20 Functions

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Lillian Sparks-Robinson, Commissioner, Administration for Native Americans, 901
D Street SW., Washington, DC 20447, 202-401-5590.

This notice amends Part K of the Statement of Organization, Functions, and
Delegations of Authority of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS),
Administration for Children and Families (ACF), as follows: Chapter KE,
Administration for Native Americans (ANA), as last amended in 74 FR 3053-54,
Jan. 16, 2009.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

I. Under Chapter KE, Administration for Native Americans, delete KE in its
entirety and replace with the following:

KE.00 MISSION. The mission of the Administration for Native Americans (ANA) is
to promote the goal of self-sufficiency and cultural preservation for Native
Americans by providing social and economic development opportunities through
financial assistance, training, and technical assistance to eligible Tribes and
Native American communities, including American Indians, Alaska Natives, Native
Hawaiians, and other Native Pacific Islander organizations. ANA provides funding
for community-based projects that are designed to improve the lives of Native
children and families and reduce long-term dependency on public assistance.
Competitive funding authorized under the Native American Programs Act of 1974
(NAPA), as amended, for community-based projects is provided through three
competitive discretionary grant programs to eligible Tribes and non-profit
Native American organizations: Social and economic development, language
preservation, and environmental regulatory enhancement. In carrying out the
provisions of NAPA, the Commissioner advises the Secretary, through the
Assistant Secretary for Children and Families, on federal policies affecting
Native Americans and matters pertaining to Native Americans within the
Department of Health and Human Services and with other Departments and agencies
of the Federal Government.

KE.10 ORGANIZATION. ANA is headed by a Commissioner who is confirmed by the
Senate and reports directly to the Assistant Secretary for Children and
Families. ANA is organized as follows:

Office of the Commissioner (KEA)

Intra-Departmental Council on Native American Affairs (KEB)

Division of Program Operations (KEC)

Division of Program Evaluation and Planning (KED)

Division of Policy (KEE)
KE.20 Functions Back to Top

A. The Office of the Commissioner provides executive leadership, management
strategies, and day-to-day operational leadership for all components of ANA. The
Commissioner serves as an effective and visible advocate on behalf of Native
Americans within the Department, and with other departments and agencies of the
Federal Government regarding all federal policies affecting Native Americans.
The Commissioner provides policy direction and guidance to ACF Regional Offices
with respect to programs for reservation-based Indians, urban Indians,
off-Reservation Indians, and other Native American projects in Hawaii and the
Pacific Islands. The Commissioner oversees the Native Hawaiian Revolving Loan
Fund administered by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs. The Commissioner also
ensures training and technical assistance and other resources are allocated and
deployed to support and promote ANA's mission.

The Commissioner is the Chair of the Intra-Departmental Council on Native
American Affairs (ICNAA) and advises the Secretary on Native American issues.
ICNAA staff members provide support to the Commissioner. ICNAA develops and
promotes HHS policy to provide greater access and quality services for American
Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Americans (AI/AN/NAs) throughout the
Department and where possible, the Federal Government; promotes implementation
of HHS policy and agency plans on consultation with AI/AN/NAs and Tribal
Governments; identifies and develops legislative, administrative, and regulatory
proposals that promotes an effective, meaningful AI/AN/NA policy to improve
health and human services for AI/AN/NAs; identifies and develops comprehensive
Departmental strategy proposal to promote self-sufficiency and
self-determination for all AI/AN/NA people; and promotes the Tribal/Federal
government-to-government relationship on a Department-wide basis in accordance
with Presidential Executive Order.

The Deputy Commissioner reports to the Commissioner, assists the Commissioner in
carrying out the responsibilities of ANA, and performs the duties of the
Commissioner when absent. The Deputy Commissioner supervises all three Division
Directors. In addition, the Deputy Commissioner provides day-to-day supervision
and oversight to the Management Operations Staff (MOS), coordinates the
activities of the ACF Native American Affairs Liaison Workgroup, serves as the
ANA liaison to the Inter-Departmental Council on Native American Affairs,
provides coordination of ANA's data driven strategic plan, and advises the
Commissioner on strategic and operational activities of ANA.

The MOS provides administrative and budget support to ANA. These
responsibilities include: (1) Serving as the Executive Secretariat for ANA,
including managing correspondence, correspondence systems, and public requests
including, but not limited to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests; (2)
coordinating human resources activities; (3) developing and executing the
budget; (4) providing on-going administrative technical support of ANA
contracts; and (5) as appropriate, developing internal policies and procedures
relating to these activities.

B. The Division of Program Operations is primarily responsible for the pre-award
and post-award administration of discretionary grant programs to eligible Tribes
and non-profit Native American organizations. These responsibilities include:
(1) Developing ANA's Funding Opportunity Announcements; (2) managing annual
grant competitions, including coordination of the panel review process and
internal application review; (3) on-going grantee monitoring and support; (4)
administering grant award portfolio, including close-out; and (5) providing
liaison to the Office of Administration, Divisions of Grants Management and
Division of Grants Policy.

C. The Division of Program Evaluation and Planning is responsible for
evaluations of grantee effectiveness and impact as well as ANA performance
including, but not limited to Government Performance and Results Act measures.
These responsibilities include: (1) Oversight of planning and implementation
activities related to ANA program evaluation, including development of annual
reports, which includes the annual Report to Congress on Impact and
Effectiveness; (2) data analyses and special organizational studies to guide
programmatic enhancements and inform training and technical assistance efforts;
(3) coordination of pre-award and post-award training and technical assistance
activities in Alaska, the Pacific Basin, and the lower forty-eight states; (4)
coordination of ANA's data and social media tools; and (5) liaison with the
Office of Planning, Research and Evaluation.

D. The Division of Policy is responsible for providing support and guidance to
define, establish, and disseminate policy affecting Native American communities
at large. These responsibilities include: (1) Management of a unified and
effective policy formulation process, including coordination of ANA regulations
and other policy issuances affecting grantees and Native American communities;
(2) formulation of advice on tribal and state legislative, and other activities
affecting Native Americans; (3) development of long- and short-term strategies
to address issues raised in consultations and collaborations with Native
Americans; (4) support of the activities of the ACF Tribal Advisory Committee
and other committees, councils, and workgroups affecting Native Americans; and
(5) liaison with the Office of the General Counsel and others in the Department
on matters involving or affecting Native Americans.

II. Continuation of Policy. Except as inconsistent with this reorganization, all
statements of policy and interpretations with respect to organizational
components affected by this notice within ACF, heretofore issued and in effect
on this date of this reorganization are continued in full force and effect.

III. Delegation of Authority. All delegations and redelegations of authority
made to officials and employees of affected organizational components will
continue in them or their successors pending further redelegations, provided
they are consistent with this reorganization.

IV. Funds, Personnel, and Equipment. Transfer of organizations and functions
affected by this reorganization shall be accompanied in each instance by direct
and support funds, positions, personnel, records, equipment, supplies, and other
resources.

This reorganization will be effective upon date of signature.

Dated: November 24, 2014.

Mark H. Greenberg,

Acting Assistant Secretary for Children and Families.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday

Green energy provides opportunities for tribes

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1154 words


Jan. 2--MASHANTUCKET, Conn. -- With almost two-thirds of energy resources in the
continent located on tribal lands, one of the hottest topics at a recent finance
conference was green energy -- how to use it and profit from it.

The Seventh Semiannual Native American Finance Conference took place Oct. 15 --
16 at the Grand Pequot Ballroom at Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation's Foxwoods
Resort and Casino.

The conference brought together hundreds of representatives from tribal nations
across the country and professionals from top-level firms specializing in all
aspects of finance and banking, Indian law, insurance, real estate, housing and
gaming.

This year's event included a special focus on developing green and renewable
energy resources.

Members of a panel called "Green Energy" discussed negotiating, structuring and
initiating sustainable renewable energy projects, covering various aspects of
financing opportunities as well as regulatory changes that will impact energy
projects and initiatives.

Bob Percopo, AIG's senior vice president of investments, was the panel
moderator. A specialist in energy and power, and finance across the globe,
Percopo heads a private equity fund with a focus on power generation,
transportation and environment.

Green energy and renewable energy have become the focus because of carbon
dioxide emissions and global warming, Percopo said.

Coal-fired plants spew hundreds of thousands of tons of carbon dioxide into the
air each year. To put the problem into perspective, one ton of carbon dioxide
volumetrically would fill a swimming pool 60 feet long by 20 feet wide by 15
feet deep, Percopo said.

AIG has been working with tribes on both renewable and conventional energy
development project as financial advisers and also as equity investors.

Todd Hooks, economic development director for the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla
Indians, talked about the systematic process of strategic energy planning his
tribe has undertaken.

The tribe is located in Palm Springs, Calif., and has 31,500 acres of
reservation lands that spread across Palm Springs, Cathedral City and Rancho
Mirage and into the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto mountains. The 423-member tribe
currently owns and operates the Spa Resort Casino and Hotel in downtown Palm
Springs and the Agua Caliente Casino near Rancho Mirage.

The tribe used a BIA grant to conduit a feasibility study and develop energy
plan goals, Hooks said.

"We created a vision to guarantee the energy future of the tribe; we developed
an energy-use profile, we identified viable tribal energy opportunities and from
that we evaluated and selected the best energy development and investment
options," Hooks said.

The team reviewed more than 60 "best fit energy options" and is now moving
forward on some of them, including forming a "scalable" utility organization.

"Does this mean we'll ever get to the poles and wires use? I don't know, but we
know we have both some resources as well as some issues around those resources
that are pushing us in the direction of organizing an internal structure to deal
with energy and utilities," Hooks said.

The tribe's current energy programs include off-the-grid solar panels to replace
a propane generator on its Trading Post; a co-generation plant; using LEED
standards in development projects; using "green" analysis early in project
development stages; and working with Southern California Edison toward
developing an energy conservation and management program.

Chris Cassidy, acting energy branch chief for the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, talked about tribal energy resources potential and technologies.

"Sovereignty is our bottom line in our renewable energy program at Rural
Development, and the basic stepping stones we go through are conservation, then
energy efficiency, then renewable energy systems and, finally, to
sustainability," he said.

The department has grants and loans for planning or technical assistance with
design, development and implementation, which are available to tribal members,
enterprises and governments in all forms of business structures.

And with governments and businesses looking to cut their dependency on fossil
fuels, the timing is right for tribal energy development.

"Approximately 60 percent of the energy sources available in North America are
on Native lands. So we're looking at distributed energy and we're looking at
renewable energy development across the country," Cassidy commented.

He lauded the nations that are already exploring their opportunities to develop
wind, geothermal, solar and biofuels, and for looking at the second and third
generation technologies that are on the horizon, such as grass and oil crops,
low-end hydro power, wave and tidal energies, and the conversion of algae into
energy.

"I think the opportunities not only for development of these renewable energy
sources on Native American lands, but also distribution of that energy is going
to lead to job creation and job retention and support of social service
networks," he said. "And, sovereignty being the bottom line, you control your
own resources and you're in a much better position than leaving it out there for
somebody else to make these decisions for you."

Renewable sources are neither new nor unfamiliar to tribal communities; they are
the elemental earth, fire, water and wind, handed from the forefathers,
according to Cassidy. "I think it's just a matter of putting some modern terms
on and applying some modern techniques, but the basic foundation has been here
since time immemorial and will continue to be here if we choose to develop these
resources wisely."

Patrica Ehrhart, vice president of DCO Energy LLC, discussed companies such as
hers that take over the "energy part" of a development, allowing a tribe to use
the average 10 percent of the development cost elsewhere.

Robert Middleton, Interior's director of Indian Energy and Economic Development,
said the department was interested in fostering energy development in Indian
country not only because the department sees it as a major economic driver, but
also to save the department money. His office is working on revised regulations
that will give nations more decision-making power. The department also has
grants and loans available for mineral and energy projects.

John Swimmer, an attorney for the Cherokee Tribe of Oklahoma, encouraged nations
to seek opportunities to "add value" to their tribal resources, even, for
example, by selling off pollution credits on their undeveloped lands.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080102-IC-GREEN-ENERGY-20080102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 17, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LINING UP HOME LOANS: HUD program strives to open doors for American Indian
buyers Nearly 80,000 Coloradans may be eligible for the low-cost, federally
guaranteed mortgages, but fewer than a dozen have benefited. Denver will be a
focal point in expanding the program.

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 563 words


With two growing children in a three-bedroom, one-bath home, Darius Smith and
his wife, Lisa Calderon, knew it was time to look for something larger.

But when the couple began to arrange financing, they were told that their
preapproved mortgage would be limited to $270,000 and carry an interest rate
nearly 1 percent higher than the market average.

Smith is director of Denver's Anti- Discrimination Office, and Calderon is a
nonprofit executive. Even so, Smith feared they would have to leave the
Highlands area for the suburbs to find a home they could afford.

"We were about to give up," he said.

Then Smith learned that, because he is Navajo, he qualified for a special loan
under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Section 184 Indian
Housing Loan Guarantee Program. Among its many perks, the program offers
government-guaranteed mortgages at 150 percent of the federal lending limits for
a county.

Several months ago, Smith became the first American Indian to take out a Section
184 loan in Denver. He and Calderon qualified for a $350,000 loan at competitive
interest rates, with which they bought a four-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath home in
Denver's Cole neighborhood.

"Sometimes I have to catch myself," Smith said. "I can't believe this is my
house."

HUD will host a free, two-day training session in Denver on March 23 and 24 for
lenders and tribal officials interested in learning more about the program.

Section 184 loans have been available since 1992, but relatively few have been
made. While nearly 80,000 Coloradans described themselves as American Indian in
the 2000 census, fewer than a dozen have Section 184 loans. Nationally, only
about 3,000 loans worth $320 million have been issued.

The primary reason is that the program originally focused just on home purchases
within tribal lands, said Randall Akers, who oversees Northern Plains American
Indian programs with HUD. Economic hardship, cultural constraints and a lack of
new construction and access to capital kept many rural American Indians from
homeownership.

But in recent years, HUD has lifted the geographic limits in states where tribes
have agreed to sponsor the program.

Last year, the Southern Ute Tribe stepped in, opening the 184 program to any
qualified American Indian in Colorado who is enrolled or registered with a
tribe. The bulk live in urban areas or off reservations.

HUD would like to make 1,000 loans under the 184 program this year, and Denver
will be key in achieving that goal, said John Carson, HUD's regional director in
Denver.

"Homeownership is the first rung on the ladder to moving up economically,"
Carson said. "It is something we want to push."

Underwriting criteria are more flexible than for conventional mortgages, and the
loans have low down payments and require no mortgage insurance. HUD also watches
out for predatory interest rates, junk fees and other abuses, said DeAnna
Lucero, a HUD underwriter.

Besides purchases, the flexible loans can also be used for refinancings,
rehabilitations and new construction, including prebuilt homes.

For most American Indian borrowers, the program represents a much better deal
than other government and conventional loan programs, said Roy Chavez, who works
with Clarion Mortgage Capital, one of six lenders approved to make the loans in
the state.

Staff writer Aldo Svaldi can be reached at 303-820-1410 or
asvaldi@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Blackfeet of Mont. Must Find New CEO

                           August 16, 2001, Thursday

Laura K. Thompson

DATELINE: BROWNING, Mont.



Blackfeet National Bank, the first bank to be started on a Native American
reservation, has been ordered by regulators to find a new chief executive
officer, add two outside directors to its board, and improve its loan review
policies.

The $17.8 million-asset bank agreed to the consent order issued and released
Tuesday by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The agency required
Blackfeet's board to find a "capable individual who has the technical expertise,
experience, integrity, and authority" to be the new CEO.

The board must also elect two independent directors, according to the order. The
OCC's assistant deputy comptroller must approve the new CEO and directors.

Beyond staffing changes, the regulator is requiring the 14-year-old bank to
revamp its residential and real estate lending practices and its interest rate
risk and asset-liability management policies.

The bank, which lost $20,000 in the first quarter, must also do an internal loan
review and report to the OCC any problem loan, as well as loans to bank
executives, directors, or principal shareholders and the names of officers who
originated each such loan.

Blackfeet announced in January that it was selling itself to Native American
Bancorp of Denver. The deal is expected to close this year.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING ; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 232 words

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Are Payday Lenders Shielded by the Tribal Veil?

LENGTH: 1508  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    In a case pending before the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania v. Think Finance, Inc., et al., No. 14-cv-7139, the
Pennsylvania Attorney General (the "AG") sued a number of defendants under
Pennsylvania's "Loan Interest and Protection Law," which limits the rate of
interest for loans under $50,000.00 issued by unlicensed lenders to six percent
per year. See 41 P.S. ] 201(a). The AG alleged that the defendants had
"partnered with an out-of-state bank and with Native American tribes, in
arrangements known colloquially as 'rent-a-bank' and 'rent-a-tribe'" schemes to
avoid the usury statute.  In January of 2016, Judge Joyner considered a motion
to dismiss in the case.





 The "payday loan" industry has been the subject of comprehensive state
legislation aimed at protecting consumer-borrowers from loans that, oftentimes,
carry "astronomical annual interest rate[s]." See Smith v. Steinkamp, 318 F.3d
775, 776 (7th Cir. 2003).  To avoid liability under these state laws, payday
lenders sometimes partner with certain federally chartered banks and Indian
tribes who enjoy immunities and other federal protections from state law. See,
e.g., People v. Miami Nation Enterprises, 223 Cal. App. 4th 21 (Cal. Ct. App.
2014) (shielding tribal business enterprise from suit for payday loan practices
because of sovereign immunity); see also USA Payday Cash Advance Centers v.
Oxendine, 585 S.E.2d 924, 926-27 (Ga. Ct. App. 2003) ("In an attempt to
circumvent state usury laws, some payday lenders have  contracted with federally
chartered banks or state chartered banks insured by the FDIC to take advantage
of federal banking laws that allow such banks to make loans across state lines
without regard to that state's interest and usury laws in 'rent-a-charter- or
'rent-a-bank' contracts").



 In a recent Supreme Court decision, Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Community, 134
S. Ct. 2024, 2052 (2014), Justice Thomas commented in his dissenting opinion
that "tribal immunity has . . . been exploited in new areas that are often
regulated by States.  For instance, payday lenders (companies that lend
consumers short-term advances on paychecks at interest rates that can reach
upwards of 1,000 percent per annum) often arrange to share fees or profits with
tribes so they can use tribal immunity as a shield for conduct of questionable
legality."  (J. Thomas, Dissenting).  Few cases have addressed these
arrangements.



 Think Finance - The Alleged "Rent-a-Bank" and "Rent-a-Tribe" Arrangement



 In Think Finance, the alleged "rent-a-bank" arrangement involved partnership
with First Bank of Delaware, an out-of-state bank.  The AG alleged that the Bank
acted as the nominal lender while the Think Finance defendants acted as the de
facto lender - marketing, funding, and collecting the loan.  By partnering with
the Bank, the partnership could invoke federal banking preemption doctrines to
avoid Pennsylvania's usury law.



 According to the AG, the alleged "rent-a-tribe" scheme sought to avoid state
laws by issuing loans in partnership with Native American tribes. In this
arrangement, the tribe acted as the nominal lender, thus invoking tribal
immunity.



 The defendants sought dismissal on the ground that "they are merely service
providers and as such have violated no laws." The AG countered that the
defendants were actually the de facto lenders and that their partnership with
the Bank and tribes was intended to provide cover so that they could violate
Pennsylvania and federal law.   As evidence that the defendants were the true
lenders, the AG alleged, among other things, that the defendants' contracts with
the tribe included "take-it-or-leave-it" terms that ran to the benefit of
defendants, that the defendants' website promised borrowers who were party to
the tribal loans the "same service" as borrowers would receive from the
defendants' performing loans in states that did not have laws like
Pennsylvania's, and that the defendants (not the tribes) "made most of the
revenue from these loans."



 The AG asserted six counts: Counts I, II, and III asserted violations of
Pennsylvania's analog to RICO, the Corrupt Organization Act, 18 Pa. CSA ]
911(b)(1), (3) & (4); Count IV asserted violations of the Federal Credit
Extension Uniformity Act ("FCEUA") and Fair Debt Collections Practices Act
("FDCPA"), 15 U.S.C. ] 1692; Count V asserted violations of Pennsylvania's
Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, 73 P.S. ] 201-1; and Count
VI asserted violations of the Dodd-Frank Act, 12 U.S.C. ] 5536(a)(1)(B).
Defendants countered by moving to dismiss for failure to join the tribes as
indispensable parties and failure to state a claim for which relief can be
granted.  The Court denied the motions, finding that the AG had stated plausible
claims for relief.



 The Court's Holding



 Pleading Standard



 The Court determined that the AG had stated a plausible claim for which relief
could be granted under Twombly's pleading standard.  Defendants argued that the
AG's "core theory -- that the relationships between the lenders and the Think
Defendants were nothing more than a conspiracy to evade Pennsylvania usury law
-- does not demonstrate a plausible claim for relief" because the AG offered
"only conclusory statements in support of this alleged conspiracy" and, further,
the conduct in question is "better explained by lawful conduct -- that they
lawfully provided services to the tribal lending enterprises."  The Court
disagreed.



 Although the AG alleged intent and knowledge generally, sufficient facts
supported the inference that defendants partnered with the bank and tribes for
the sole purpose of evading Pennsylvania law. The loans in question were
originated over the internet at annual rates "in excess of 200 or 300 percent,"
and once Pennsylvania changed its laws to declare such loans illegal, only then
did the defendants partner with the bank and tribes, "both of which issued loans
with interest rates that exceeded the lawful amount in Pennsylvania."  Further,
the AG alleged a direct statement from the defendants' principal that "the
partnership with the tribes was to avoid state usury laws."  The
disproportionate amount of payment that the defendants received for their
"services" further corroborated the AG's allegations of a conspiracy to avoid
state law, and that the defendants were the true "de facto lenders."



 FCEUA



 The FCEUA makes it illegal to engage in "unfair or deceptive debt collection
act[s] or practice[s]" and makes it a per se violation to the extent a person
violates the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA"), 15 U.S.C. ] 1692.
Under the FDCPA, a debt collector may not collect an "amount . . . unless such
amount is expressly authorized by the agreement creating the debt or permitted
by law."  15 U.S.C. ] 1692f(1).  The Court first found that the defendants were
"debt collectors" within the meaning of the FDCPA because a "debt collector"
includes persons attempting to collect debts that are in default or past due,
and the AG had expressly alleged that defendants collected "past due and
delinquent balances."  The Court also rejected the defendants' argument that
because the debts were "expressly authorized by the agreement creating the
debt," that the AG failed to state a claim.  If defendants' "reading of the
statute" was accepted, the FDCPA "would permit collection of unlawful
agreed-upon debts," which the Court found to contradict the case law, as well as
FTC staff commentary.



 Because the debts in question were past due, and because defendants' collected
debts that were prohibited by state law, the Court found that the AG had stated
a claim under the FCEUA, which incorporates the FDCPA by reference.



 Dodd-Frank



 The Court also found viable claims under the federal Dodd-Frank Act. Dodd-Frank
"renders it unlawful for any covered person or service provider 'to engage in
any unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice.'"  12 U.S.C. ] 5536(a)(1)(B).
"Covered persons" include those who "engage in offering or providing a consumer
financial product or service."  12 U.S.C. ] 5481(6).  An "abusive" act is one
that takes "unreasonable advantage of . . . the inability of the consumer to
protect the interests of the consumer in selecting or using a consumer financial
product or service."  12 U.S.C. ] 5531(d)(2)(B).  The Court found that the AG
had stated a plausible claim that defendants' engaged in "abusive acts or
practices by taking advantage of the consumers' lack of understanding about the
legality of the credit."  Similar to the Court's UTPCPL holding, the Court found
that by representing the legality of the loans, the defendants took
"unreasonable advantage of the consumer's lack of knowledge" and therefore the
AG stated a claim under Dodd-Frank, as well.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 30, 1997

Fannie Native Loans Up Sixfold

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: Arlington, VA


Fannie Mae bought $ 17.1 million in mortgages made to Native Americans in 1996,
a sixfold increase from the year before.

Ken Goosens, Native American housing specialist for Fannie Mae, told the Oweesta
conference sponsored here by First Nations Development Institute,
Fredericksburg, VA, that in 1995, the secondary agency bought just $ 2.6 million
in loans. He declined to give an estimate of dollar volume for 1997 but
indicated the program currently is growing by 100%.

Fannie Mae's current portfolio of Indian mortgages is $ 29 million, Mr. Goosens
said, and a further $ 1 million has been securitized.  Mr. Goosens, a Cherokee,
said that in 1995, Fannie Mae's Native American initiative served four tribes in
three states.  That has grown to 34 tribes in 12 states, he said.  Fannie Mae
buys government-guaranteed loans made through the Housing and Urban Development
section 184 program, the Federal Housing Administration section 248 program, and
the Native American pilot of Rural Housing Services.

It also intends to purchase conventional mortgages made to Indians on tribal
trust lands.  It has negotiated a $ 5 million pilot with the Navajo Nation, the
country's largest Indian tribe, but no loans have yet closed under that program.

Conventional lending on trust lands has been stymied by restrictions on using
trust land for collateral.  Mr. Goosens told the meeting that housing will be
the largest economic force in Indian country in the next decade.  The need is
for at least 100,000 homes, he said, and he called that "a tremendous economic
influence."

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 16, 2012 Tuesday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: October 16, 2012

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1288  words


Thunder adds staff members OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma City Thunder hired Mike
Wilks as a pro scout and Amanda Green as basketball operations coordinator/legal
and administration. The NBA basketball team also promoted Paul Rivers to
director of basketball operations, Will Dawkins to director of college player
personnel and Brandon Barnett to director of minor league operations/pro scout.
Wilks, who played for the Thunder during the 2009-2010 season, appeared in 233
career NBA games over seven seasons, averaging 2.5 points, 1.2 assists and one
rebound in 9.6 minutes per contest. Wilks most recently played in Poland before
announcing his retirement from playing. Green joins the club from Proskauer Rose
LLP, where she served as an associate, after working as an IP attorney in the
NBA Legal Department from 2010-2011. Before receiving her law degree from
Georgetown, Green obtained her undergraduate degree from Duke, where she served
as manager for Duke's men's basketball team from 2002 to 2006. Rivers enters his
sixth season with the Thunder.

He served as the director of minor league operations and basketball technology
each of the previous two seasons and before that as director of basketball
administration and technology. He began his NBA career with the San Antonio
Spurs as a video coordinator in 2004 before spending two seasons with the
Detroit Pistons in a similar capacity. Dawkins begins his fifth season with
Oklahoma City, after first joining the Thunder as a front-office intern in the
summer of 2008. He served as assistant video coordinator and scouting
coordinator before assuming his current position. Barnett starts his fifth
season with the Thunder. He was director of minor league scouting and manager of
minor league operations. Barnett originally joined the Thunder as the team's
manager of minor league operations after spending two years in the NBA league
office in New York.

BancFirst reports higher earnings OKLAHOMA CITY - BancFirst Corp. on Tuesday
reported a 10.4-percent increase in net income for the third quarter to $13.9
million, or 90 cents per diluted share, from $12.6 million, or 81 cents per
diluted share, for the third quarter of 2011. The Oklahoma City-based financial
services holding company reported net income for the first nine months of 2012
of $39.6 million, or $2.57 per diluted share, up from $34 million, or $2.18 per
diluted share, for the first nine months of 2011. Net interest income for the
third quarter totaled $40.8 million, up slightly from the same period in 2011.
Average earning assets increased $280 million from a year earlier to $5.3
billion. The loan-loss provision for the third quarter totaled $233,000, down
from $885,000 for the third quarter of 2011. Nonperforming and restructured
assets were 0.86 percent of total assets, compared with 0.88 percent a year
earlier. Noninterest income for the third quarter totaled $22.1 million, up $2
million from a year earlier. "While interest rates remain low, noninterest
income becomes more important," said David Rainbolt, BancFirst CEO. "We are
pleased with the growth in all areas of noninterest income, but are especially
pleased with the growth and momentum in our insurance agency, BancFirst
Insurance Services. " At Sept. 30, total assets were $5.8 billion, up $227.9
million, or 4.1 percent from Dec. 31. Loans outstanding at Sept. 30 of $3.1
billion were up $102.6 million from Dec. 31. Deposits were $5.3 billion, up
$215.8 million from year-end 2011. The company's principal subsidiary bank,
BancFirst, has 93 banking locations serving 51 communities.

OCU study charts contribution of tribes OKLAHOMA CITY - Operations of the 38
federally recognized tribes in Oklahoma yield $10.8 billion to the state economy
annually, according to an economic analysis being released by the Steven C. Agee
Economic Research & Policy Institute at Oklahoma City University. The study
found that tribal activities support the equivalent of 87,174 jobs in Oklahoma,
as well as $2.5 billion in state income when multipliers impacts are taken into
account. The report, "The Statewide Impacts of Oklahoma Tribes," was funded by
several Native American tribal governments to quantify the contribution of
tribal activities on the economy of the state of Oklahoma. The study was also
sponsored by the Oklahoma Department of Commerce. "This study represents the
first time that economists have attempted to quantify the total direct and
indirect impact of all tribal operations to the state economy," said Kyle Dean,
associate director and research economist at the Oklahoma City University
Meinders School of Business. "The results show that the tribes' economic
activities positively impact the entire state of Oklahoma and serve as a vital
source of income and opportunity to residents in the rural areas of the state. "
In addition to $6.7 billion in direct contributions to the local economy from
tribal businesses and government spending, tribes accounted for $4.1 billion in
spillover production of non-tribal firms that support their operations. Seven
Oklahoma tribes participated in the study - the Cherokee Nation, the Chickasaw
Nation, the Choctaw Nation, the Citizen Potawatomi Nation, the Muscogee (Creek)
Nation, the Peoria Tribe and the Shawnee Tribe. Native American tribes have
483,000 citizens living in the state, representing close to 13 percent of
Oklahoma's population, according to the 2010 U.S. Census.

Sooner Stand Down set in OKC OKLAHOMA CITY - Services will be provided to
homeless veterans and their families during the annual Sooner Stand Down
scheduled Thursday and Friday at the Homeless Alliance WestTown Homeless
Resource Campus at NW Third Street and N. Virginia Avenue in Oklahoma City. The
Sooner Stand Down is a collaboration of human service organizations to help
central Oklahoma's homeless and disadvantaged veterans by providing care,
services and supplies in one location. Homeless and disadvantaged veterans and
their families can receive duffel and sleeping bags, clothes, personal hygiene
kits, hot meals, sack lunches and bottled water. Veterans will have access to
barbers, vision, dental, mental health and primary health care services.
Additional services such as housing, employment, legal, spiritual and substance
abuse counseling also will be available. Free transportation is provided from
the shelters. Stand Down hours are 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Thursday and 8 a.m. to 2
p.m. Friday. In Oklahoma City's 2012 Point in Time Count of the homeless
population, 155 people, or 12 percent, reported veteran status. This was up from
129 people the previous year. Last year, 266 homeless veterans were served at
the Oklahoma City Stand Down. The Homeless Alliance estimates that number to
decrease slightly this year due to the success of the Department of Housing and
Urban Development and the Department of Veteran Affairs Supported Housing
Program, a program that provides eligible veterans with case management and
support services as well as housing vouchers. They do expect to see a rise in
the number of homeless female veterans attending the Stand Down this year.
Participating service and health care agencies include VA Medical Center,
Oklahoma State Department of Veterans Affairs, Social Security Administration,
Medicare, Medicaid, the Homeless Alliance, Department of Human Services, U.S.
Department of Labor, Workforce Oklahoma, US Cellular, Legal Aid, the Oklahoma
Bar Association, Oklahoma Department of Vocational and Rehabilitation Services,
Oklahoma City Housing Authority and Red Rock Behavioral Health Services.
American Legion Posts and service organizations will be providing donations and
volunteer labor.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

Tribal gaming more solvent than commercial gaming

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1227 words


Oct. 22--NEW YORK -- It's no secret that the U.S. gaming industry has
experienced record declines in 2008, but financial analysts note there are big
differences between the solvency of tribal gaming compared to commercial gaming.
Some say financial institutions are largely not taking into account the
differences, which has resulted in a more difficult -- and perhaps unjust --
borrowing climate for Indian gaming.

Research indicates that the nation's economy is in recession -- and the tribal
gaming market, which has sometimes been viewed as recession-resistant, is more
likely than in recent years to experience the harmful effects of a recession.

Already, tribal gaming operators are in crisis mode, with some making decisions
to halt additions, tighten spending, and even lay off employees. Casinos owned
by the Mohegan Tribe of Connecticut, the Seneca Nation of New York and the Sault
Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians have been among the bellwethers of the
downturn in the Indian country gaming market.

Craig Parmelee, a top credit analyst at the Standard & Poor's financial research
corporation, said it is not surprising that some tribal enterprises are
struggling, given what he calls "very challenging" economic times for the gaming
market in general.

In a recent conference call sponsored by the Native American Finance Officers
Association, he said loan default rates of casino operators are expected to rise
to about 5 percent by August 2009. Some experts foresee default rates rising as
high as 9 percent by next summer. (The default rate for the last 12 months has
averaged about 2.7 percent.)

Parmelee said the increases in defaults can largely be attributed due to tighter
credit offerings, limited availability of capital from banks and global economic
woes.

In the first nine months of 2008, six gaming companies rated by Standard &
Poor's have defaulted on their loans. From 1997 -- 2007, there were a total of
nine defaults of rated gaming companies.

Despite the grim and unprecedented statistics, tribal gaming default rates are
nonexistent compared to their corporate counterparts. Of the six rated gaming
companies that defaulted this year through September, none was tribally owned.

Parmelee said that as a result of the negative economic tide, his firm has
downgraded its financial ratings of 22 gaming entities this year. (A downgrade
means that the firm's opinion of that entity's credit quality has declined.)
Nineteen of these entities have been commercial; three have been Native.

As of early October, more than 40 percent of the commercial gaming operators
that Standard & Poor's rates had been downgraded, compared to about 15 percent
of the Native operators it rates.

One of the most recently downgraded tribes is the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal
Nation, which operates Foxwoods Resort Casino in Connecticut.

Of the 12 companies currently ranked on Standard & Poor's list of lowest-rated
gaming enterprises, two are American Indian.

Frank King, managing director of tribal banking for Merrill Lynch, said during
the NAFOA conference call that it is to the detriment of tribal gaming to be
linked with corporate gaming's risky financial background.

"Difficult times in corporate gaming are going to have a significant impact on
tribes' ability to borrow," he predicted, noting that many financial companies
see the industry as monolithic -- not distinguishing between the types of gaming
investors and their different behaviors. "Investors tend to like to throw the
baby out with the bathwater."

He added: "Corporate gaming has placed some pretty big bets in the last couple
of years, and they look like they're going to lose on those bets."

In contrast, tribes have generally entered the economic downturn with better
balance sheets. Leveraged buyouts, for instance, have no place in Indian
country, and tribes do not generally face the same growth pressures as public
gaming companies.

Tribal operators also, on average, tend to be more conservative than many
commercial gaming operators; and in many cases, tribes operate casinos where few
other casinos are located, reducing competition during challenging periods.

Noting Parmelee's numbers, King said tribal gaming enterprises are performing
much better than their corporate counterparts in terms of not defaulting on
loans and maintaining positive financial ratings.

King said it is necessary for tribal operators to look at all upcoming projects
they have on the table and realize that they may end up costing more than they
ever believed they might.

"It may not seem fair," he said. "But it's the reality."

Reflecting on concerns about the linkage between commercial and tribal gaming,
NAFOA President Bill Lomax said that the commercial lenders and investment
bankers have done a generally good job of learning about the differences between
tribal casino facilities and the corporate gaming entities. He noted that from
2005 -- 07, tribes experienced the most favorable lending climate they have ever
seen, although those conditions have now come to a halt due to the credit
crisis.

Lomax added, however, that tribes do tend to face a more difficult time in
borrowing than the corporate casinos, but he believes this reality is not really
the fault of bankers.

"The biggest problem is that when a bank seeks an investor to participate in a
bond issuance, the investors will often ask for some type of comparable entity
so that they can use that comparable as a benchmark when they try to assess the
risk of the investment.

"When this is done in the nontribal gaming world, comparables are readily
available in Las Vegas and Atlantic City and elsewhere because corporate
entities typically have to disclose financial information to their shareholders
or regulators.

"Tribes, however, do not disclose financial information to the wider world and
thus there is no comparable information for an investor to use to make an
informed decision concerning the risk of the investment. A lack of information
about risk will always lead to the investor requiring a higher return on their
investment."

Lomax said tribes would be helped "significantly" if an independent body were to
gather financial information on a regional basis that could be used in aggregate
form to provide comparable information for the region. He said this scenario
would not only lower costs for tribes trying to borrow money for a new facility
or an expansion, it would give tribal casino managers a benchmark to gauge the
relative success of their facility.

In a follow-up interview, Parmelee said he couldn't speak as to how investors
are treating tribal operators compared to commercial operators.

Still, he added that U.S. consumers are significantly pulling back their
spending, and from his vantage point, the majority of casinos -- both tribal and
commercial -- are experiencing meaningful earnings declines.

"In this environment, it seems to me that investors would naturally be
cautious," he said.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081022-IC-GAMING-DIFFS-20081022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 5, 1995

Tribe Buys CA Bank with Bad RE

BYLINE: BY SCOTT KERSNAR

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: San Diego


A Native American tribe has signed an agreement to buy a $ 2.4 million
controlling interest in a California bank beset with bad real estate loans.

The tribe is moving forward despite continuing legal battles over gambling
machine revenues as a source of purchase funds.

The transaction would result in the infusion of $ 2.4 million of new capital to
purchase 359,545 shares of common stock at $ 6.68 per share, representing a 60
percent interest in the bank.

John Paulus, California's chief bank examiner, this week told the National
Mortgage News that though permission for the parties to negotiate has been
extended, the bank has not yet filed the actual application covering the sale.

A May 31 agreement signed between Borregos Springs Bank and the Viejas Band of
Kumeyaay Indians still awaits approval from the State Banking Department and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Jack Mitchell, attorney for the tribe, said the bank's past difficulties with
bad real estate loans offered an prudent opportunity for diversification of
tribal investments.

"We've done extensive due diligence and we're comfortable with that," he said.

A possible monkey wrench in the sale is a Federal appeals court decision this
week refusing to let California tribes conduct electronic gambling games.  Video
poker machines are a major contributor to Viejas Band casino revenues.

According to the National Indian Gaming Commission., the Viejas Band has no
state compact allowing the poker machines.  Deputy State Attorney General Manuel
Madeiros flatly termed the machines 'illegal."

Mr. Mitchell said, however, that tribal revenues from parimutuel hoprse-race
wagering, bingo and legal card games are sufficient to complete the bank
purchase.

He said the attorney general and other state officials had a 'take no prisoners"
attitude against Indian casinos that may prompt further court battles.

Asked about the regulatory question raised because Native American tribes are
considered sovereign and therefore possible exempt from state law.  Mr. Paulus
said the question is moot because Borrego Springs 'is an existing bank chartered
under California law."

Mr. Paulus said the source of the new owner's revenues 'is something we'll look
at . . . as we do in every application," but emphasized that he did not want to
prejudge the application.

Mr. Paulus said that if the proposed sale goes through, it will be the first
instance in California of a bank being owned by a Native American tribe.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     November 9, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Gambling on the future;
As a glittering new casino opens on Cherokee land in North Carolina, questions
remain about the long-term impact.

BYLINE: John Harmon; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01H

LENGTH: 1053 words


Cherokee, N.C. ---The prideful, often painful, history of the Cherokee people
will enter a new era Thursday with the opening of a sparkling new megacasino.
The mall-sized gambling palace is expected to become North Carolina's biggest
entertainment attraction.

Supporters and opponents disagree on the casino's impact: Will it improve the
area's seasonal economy or hurt it by driving off the family tourist trade? Will
it bring more jobs or just more crime? Will it build community or drain social
services?

They agree on one thing: Once Harrah's Cherokee Casino opens its doors for 24
-hour video gambling, life will never be the same again on the Qualla Boundary,
the tranquil but poverty-stricken Native American enclave where about 7,000
Cherokees live among the natural splendor of the Great Smoky Mountains.

"For years, we've always been the ones doing the asking," says Bill Ledford,
vice chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. "Now, I won't say we'll be
leading the way, but we won't be the ones on the bottom anymore."

Off the 56,500-acre reservation, people in the surrounding counties are anxious.
A 1995 study commissioned by the state Department of Commerce warned that
gambling could "cannibalize" the existing family tourism businesses, put stress
on the infrastructure and result in little overall regional growth.

"We'll need additional police officers," contends J.K. Coward Jr., a Jackson
County commissioner in nearby Sylva. "We'll need additional jail space. We'll
need more classrooms in schools. We'll need additional social workers to deal
with the problems of compulsive gambling. And none of that is going to be
financed by the tribe."

But even Coward acknowledges, "You've got to feel good about the tribe
benefiting financially. We all know they have lived a pretty miserable economic
existence for a long time."

The Cherokees have joined a host of other tribes across the nation cashing in on
a 1988 federal law that allows gaming on Indian lands. Already, money from the
tribe's own casino, open since 1995, has poured into tribal coffers and into the
pockets of individual Cherokees. The tribal casino closes this week to make room
for Harrah's.

A $ 30 million tribal endowment has been created for future investments. Plans
are being made to build facilities to serve Cherokees of virtually all ages, new
centers for child care, senior citizens and teens. A new diabetes clinic will
include a dialysis machine. More than 400 acres of prime real estate near the
reservation was purchased this year as a potential resort development. A tribal
bank is planned to finance Indian housing and Indian-owned small businesses.
"We realize we can't put all our eggs in one basket," says Principal Chief Joyce
Dugan. "Indian gaming may be short-lived because of all the opposition we have
both in North Carolina and Washington."

The chief has lobbied in the past year to check moves in Congress to limit or
tax Indian gambling revenues.

"I can't help but feel some degree of bitterness and irony," Dugan says. "For
years, the federal government has wanted us to become independent and rely less
on federal dollars. We finally come across a business that adds revenue to our
coffers and, because we've gone into that business, we are now being attacked.
What do you want of us? Do you want to keep us down-trodden and poor?"

Half of all gambling revenues now go directly to the tribe's 11,500 enrolled
members. In 1995, the individual payment was $ 595; it's expected to top $ 2,000
this year. On a reservation where the per capita income of $ 6,700 is half the
state average and many homes still are heated by wood-burning stoves, those
checks have been welcomed.

"The tribal casino has done all this, and we did almost nothing to promote it
but rent a few billboards," said David Redman, director of travel and promotions
for the tribe. "But Harrah's is going to have an $ 8 million promotion budget.
This thing is going to be big, very big."

Harrah's helped the tribe secure the $ 82 million bank loan and will take 27.5
percent of the first year's profits to cover its management expenses. Tribal
leaders hope to have at least half the loan paid back in five years and to take
over the operation from Harrah's then.

Harrah's casino is more than three times bigger than the existing tribal casino,
where people wait in line to feed quarters and dollars into the games. The new
casino also features three restaurants and a 1,500-seat arena for concerts and
boxing matches.

Owned by the tribe but managed by Harrah's Entertainment, which operates casinos
across the country, the new facility will employ 1,100 people.

In addition, the tribe says 500 or 600 jobs will be created in the service
industry in the area.

With an average annual salary of $ 25,000, plus benefits such as insurance and a
401K retirement plan, the jobs at the casino will be among the best in the area,
says Harrah's General Manager Jerry Egelus.

"I've been looking for a long time to find a job with a future," says Freddie
Youngdeer, 29, who will transfer as a casino floor attendant to the new casino
this week at $ 8 an hour. "It beats flipping burgers and changing beds at a
motel."

Since the 1950s, a neon and plastic commercial strip of shops, amusements,
restaurants and motels has grown to 370 retail outlets in Cherokee.

Business thrives between Memorial Day and early November. Last year, 82 percent
of $ 66 million in sales occurred in those months. But it dies in winter.
Unemployment tops 40 percent in January and February.

Cherokee leaders hope the new casino will turn the reservation into a
four-season resort.

However, Robert Goodman, director of the U.S. Gambling Research Institute, says
such benefits are offset by the cost of serving addicted gamblers.

Bankruptcies, he says, increase by 20 percent in areas where casinos open. Bad
checks and credit-card fraud also increase, Goodman said. "What we have found in
our studies of other gambling economies is that you get a zero sum gain in the
economy," says Goodman. "It's like when Wal-Mart comes in. You don't sell any
more hammers, you just transfer the sale of hammers from the small hardware
stores to Wal-Mart. The big difference is people don't get addicted to buying
hammers."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Jerry Egelus, general manager for Harrah's Cherokee Casino, says

 jobs there will have an average annual salary of $ 25,000 plus benefits. /
 DAVID TULIS / Staff
 Color: Visitor Shirley Taylor (top) is greeted by Donnie Redhawk, a
 Cherokee also known as Don Taylor. He greets visitors to the tiny town and
 acts as an ambassador, wearing an authentic headdress, leather clothes,
 and moccasins. / DAVID TULIS / Staff
 Color: The great seal of the Cherokee Nation (above) adorns the wall at
 the tribal headquarters. / DAVID TULIS / Staff
 Color photo and teaser box: (appeared on A/01 with reference to H/01
 story) The 1,800 video games on the floor of Harrah's Cherokee Casino,
 opening Thursday in North Carolina, may not pay off for the 3.4 million
 visitors expected each year, but they may provide the wherewithal to take
 care of future generations of the East Band of Cherokees. / DAVID TULIS /
 Staff (Metro and Home editions)
 Chart and map: SMOKY MOUNTAIN CASINO
 Harrah's Cherokee Casino in the Qualla Boundary reservation near Cherokee,
 N.C. is expected to be a major boost to the area's economy and a
 potential windfall for members of the tribe.
 OWNER: Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
 MANAGER: Harrah's Entertainment of Memphis
 OPENS: Thursday, 10 a.m.
 COST: $ 82 million
 SIZE: 175,000 square feet
 AMENITIES: Three restaurants, an arena, child care service
 GAMBLING DEVICES: 1,800 video machines, no live tables
 GAMES: Poker, craps, blackjack and "re-spin" (all video)
 JACKPOT: $ 25,000 maximum
 ALCOHOL: None, reservation is dry
 EXPECTED VISITORS: 3.4 million a year
 Source: Harrah's Entertainment
 Map shows the location of the Qualla Boundary reservation; inlaid map
 shows location in relation to southeastern United States.
 / staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Indian museums to share exhibits;
Smithsonian items coming to Oklahoma.

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 484 words


The American Indian Cultural Center in Oklahoma City will have access to more
than 1 million American Indian exhibits under an agreement with the National
Museum of the American Indian.

Officials from both museums signed an agreement Friday that would allow for
exhibit, information and staff exchanges between the proposed Oklahoma City
cultural center and the museum on the National Mall in Washington.

"This is a project that is long overdue," said Gena Timberman Howard, deputy
director of the Native American Cultural and Education Authority. "This step is
paving the way for a unique dialogue."

The Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian would allow Oklahoma's
American Indian Cultural Center to use some of its artifacts in exhibits as well
as education materials to show the experience of the 67 tribes with Oklahoma
ties.

"A vast majority of our Native American constituents - and the majority of
Americans - will never make it to Washington, D.C., to experience the museum,"
said James Pepper Henry , associate director of community and constituent
services and an enrolled member of the Kaw Nation in Oklahoma.

"For us, Indian country is outside of Washington, D.C. It's exciting for us to
participate in this. We're glad to bring our exhibits out here."

Dirt work on the site of Oklahoma's museum has begun along the Oklahoma River,
where Interstates 35 and 40 meet in Oklahoma City. Officials are hoping the
museum construction will be completed by 2010, but the final completion date
also depends on fundraising success.

Layers of history  Once Oklahoma's cultural center opens, it promises to be the
center of American Indian culture and education.

"I think of it as layers of an onion," said Pepper Henry , who once ran the Kaw
tribe museum in his hometown of Kaw City. "We at NMAI (National Museum of the
American Indian) are just the first or second layer of the onion. To go deeper,
people need to come to Oklahoma to learn more."

Pepper Henry said Oklahoma's cultural center has the potential to bring visitors
to the state and to other tribal museums.

"This is a perfect place to start that exploration," he said.

Officials have been working on creating an American Indian cultural center in
Oklahoma since 1994, when the Oklahoma Legislature created the Native American
Cultural and Educational Authority.

Funding needed  "We've come a long way, and it's really going to happen now,"
said Tommy Thompson, executive director of the Native American Cultural and
Educational Authority. "We've got the momentum."

A private fundraising campaign for the American Indian Cultural Center is
expected to begin in May.

The Native American Cultural and Educational Authority wants to get at least $35
million from private donors and is hoping to get about $12 million from tribal
sources, Thompson said.

The museum also is looking for about $56 million from state and federal sources.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gena Timberman Howard, deputy director of the American Indian Cultural
Center & Museum, and Jim Pepper Henry, Smithsonian National Museum of American
Indians, announce a loan agreement between the two museums over a model of the
Oklahoma City museum on Friday. - BY DAVID MCDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Indian museums to share exhibits;
Smithsonian items coming to Oklahoma.

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 484 words


The American Indian Cultural Center in Oklahoma City will have access to more
than 1 million American Indian exhibits under an agreement with the National
Museum of the American Indian.

Officials from both museums signed an agreement Friday that would allow for
exhibit, information and staff exchanges between the proposed Oklahoma City
cultural center and the museum on the National Mall in Washington.

"This is a project that is long overdue," said Gena Timberman Howard, deputy
director of the Native American Cultural and Education Authority. "This step is
paving the way for a unique dialogue."

The Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian would allow Oklahoma's
American Indian Cultural Center to use some of its artifacts in exhibits as well
as education materials to show the experience of the 67 tribes with Oklahoma
ties.

"A vast majority of our Native American constituents - and the majority of
Americans - will never make it to Washington, D.C., to experience the museum,"
said James Pepper Henry , associate director of community and constituent
services and an enrolled member of the Kaw Nation in Oklahoma.

"For us, Indian country is outside of Washington, D.C. It's exciting for us to
participate in this. We're glad to bring our exhibits out here."

Dirt work on the site of Oklahoma's museum has begun along the Oklahoma River,
where Interstates 35 and 40 meet in Oklahoma City. Officials are hoping the
museum construction will be completed by 2010, but the final completion date
also depends on fundraising success.

Layers of history  Once Oklahoma's cultural center opens, it promises to be the
center of American Indian culture and education.

"I think of it as layers of an onion," said Pepper Henry , who once ran the Kaw
tribe museum in his hometown of Kaw City. "We at NMAI (National Museum of the
American Indian) are just the first or second layer of the onion. To go deeper,
people need to come to Oklahoma to learn more."

Pepper Henry said Oklahoma's cultural center has the potential to bring visitors
to the state and to other tribal museums.

"This is a perfect place to start that exploration," he said.

Officials have been working on creating an American Indian cultural center in
Oklahoma since 1994, when the Oklahoma Legislature created the Native American
Cultural and Educational Authority.

Funding needed  "We've come a long way, and it's really going to happen now,"
said Tommy Thompson, executive director of the Native American Cultural and
Educational Authority. "We've got the momentum."

A private fundraising campaign for the American Indian Cultural Center is
expected to begin in May.

The Native American Cultural and Educational Authority wants to get at least $35
million from private donors and is hoping to get about $12 million from tribal
sources, Thompson said.

The museum also is looking for about $56 million from state and federal sources.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gena Timberman Howard, deputy director of the American Indian Cultural
Center & Museum, and Jim Pepper Henry, Smithsonian National Museum of American
Indians, announce a loan agreement between the two museums over a model of the
Oklahoma City museum on Friday. - BY DAVID MCDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

NY Regulator Targets Payday Loan Firms

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 376  words


A top New York State regulatory agency sent cease-and-desist letters last week
to 112 banks and 35 lenders that offer or facilitate short-term, high-interest
payday loans to consumers online. The letters from the Department of Financial
Services (DFS) warn that the businesses are charging interest rates far above
the state's cap of 25% annually.But Native American tribes are asking the
regulator to leave their payday loan businesses alone. Native American tribes
operate many of the targeted lenders, and thus do not fall under federal or
state jurisdiction.

Although many of the companies are not incorporated in New York, Ben Lawsky,
superintendent of the DFS, claims jurisdiction because in some cases New Yorkers
purchased the loans.Representatives of the Native American Financial Services
Association (NAFSA) expressed outrage over Lawsky's letter, which they believe
violates the sovereignty of 16 Indian tribes based in the Midwest and western
United States."The United States federal government views itself in a unique
government-to-government relationship with Indian tribes," said Barry Brandon,
the executive director of NAFSA, in an interview with The Daily Caller News
Foundation. "[Court] cases have held many, many times that states do not have
any jurisdiction over Indian tribes. How is it that the state of New York can
tell these Indian tribes, who are operating lawful businesses created under
tribal law, what to do?"Brandon said that all Native American lenders under
NAFSA operate according to federal law and meet strict best practices standards.
He said it appears the DFS is discriminating against tribes, he told The Daily
Caller.John Berlau, a scholar from the free-market Competitive Enterprise
Institute, said Lawsky has overreached concerning claims the loans carry triple-
and quadruple-digit interest rates, stating that assertions of 1,000% interest
rates are actually annual interest. He also said the majority of payday loans
are repaid within two to four weeks. "Ironically, a payday loan can be of lower
cost often than overdraft fees," Berlau told The Daily Caller. "When they
eliminate these short-term, non-bank loans, the irony is they're leaving
consumers with marginal credit even more at the mercy of banks."

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

PAYDAY LENDERS SKIRT REGULATORS ONLINE

BYLINE:  Lindsay Wise  McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: YOUR BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1145 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The banner ad atop the Web site features a wide-eyed baby cradled in an adult's
hands with the words, "Did that special vacation for two end up producing a
third? Castle Payday has life's unexpected expenses covered."

On a growing number of sites like this one, short-term loans are just a click
away for Web-surfing borrowers, regardless of history of bankruptcy, bounced
checks or other credit problems.

The catch is that these so-called payday loans often come with sky-high interest
rates of 400 percent or more. The Castle Payday Web site advertises an effective
888 annual percentage rate, meaning a 14-day loan of $500 will end up costing
the borrower $675.

Those who can't scrape together the cash to pay off the loans might be tempted
to take out another short-term loan to cover the first, potentially ensnaring
them in a cycle of debt.

Consumer advocates complain that companies such as Castle Payday are setting up
shop on the Internet to avoid laws in some states that restrict or ban
traditional storefront payday lending.

"More and more states are cracking down on payday lending, and it's a lot easier
to hide online than it is to hide in a storefront," said Ed Mierzwinski, the
consumer program director for U.S. PIRG, an advocacy group.

But industry groups contend that online payday loans are legal and provide a
vital service for millions of struggling Americans with few credit options.

"Most consumers don't have the ability to get $500 or $600 in an emergency
through their banks or credit unions," said Peter Barden, spokesman for the
Online Lenders Alliance, a trade organization. "Credit card limits have been
reduced, equity loans have been reduced, so people are increasingly looking to
alternative financial services companies for short-term credit. And like with
any other industry right now, they're looking online."

Payday loans are illegal in 15 states, including North Carolina, Georgia and
Pennsylvania. Nine others - among them Washington and Florida - allow payday
loans but enforce strict rules that limit fees, require longer repayment periods
or restrict the number of loans per customer, according to a Pew Charitable
Trust study.

In recent months, state and federal regulators have intensified pressure on
banks to stop working with online lenders. But the industry is fighting back in
court.

The legal situation is complicated by the fact that many online lending Web
sites are run by American Indian tribes, which say their sovereign status means
they aren't subject to state laws. Castle Payday, for example, is operated by
the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians in Michigan.

The Lac Vieux joined with another tribe this month to seek an injunction against
a New York regulator, arguing that states have no authority over them.

Benjamin Lawsky, the New York superintendent of financial services, had sent
cease-and-desist orders to Castle Payday and 34 other online lenders to stop
them from making payday loans to consumers in New York, where payday loans are
illegal. Lawsky also asked more than 100 banks to deny the lenders access to the
automated system used to process electronic payments, so that they can't debit
borrowers' accounts.

In a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court, the Lac Vieux and the Otoe-Missouria
tribe of Oklahoma condemn what they describe as regulators' "bare-knuckle
attack" on tribal sovereignty. If not stopped, the suit warns, New York's
"campaign of misrepresentations, threats and coercion" will destroy tribal
businesses and devastate tribal economies.

Tribes in impoverished and isolated areas need the proceeds from online lending
to fund their governments and essential services - everything from education
programs to new fire trucks, said Barry Brandon, the executive director of the
Native American Financial Services Association, an advocacy group for tribes
involved in the online lending business.

"We have had reports from some of our member tribes that the revenues they are
producing from their online lending operations are now making up between 25 and
50 percent of the tribal budget," he said.

Brandon acknowledges there are some bad actors in the online lending business -
including some companies that falsely claim affiliation with tribes - but he
says most tribal businesses operate responsibly and in accordance with federal
law.

Unfortunately, non-Indian online lenders often claim tribal sovereignty in
situations where their ties to tribes are loose at best, said Uriah King, the
vice president of state policy with the Center for Responsible Lending in
Durham, N.C.

"When we scratch the surface, they don't look like tribal lenders," King said.
"They look like sham relationships that benefit the lenders, not the tribe."

In one high-profile case, the payday lending operation AMG Services Inc. in
Overland Park, Kan., claimed to be owned by the Miami and Modoc tribes of
Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux of Nebraska, yet the tribes reportedly received
only 1-2 percent of the revenue from each loan.

The real benefactor allegedly was race car driver Scott Tucker, who used $40
million collected from borrowers to sponsor his racing team, according to a
complaint filed last year by the Federal Trade Commission. Sovereign immunity
for the tribes is a very serious issue, but it shouldn't be used as a fig leaf
for predatory lending, King said.

"At the end of the day, a payday loan is a junk product that gets people deeper
into debt, and it doesn't matter if it's a bank or nonbank or a tribe, the
reality is that it's just not a good product and it doesn't matter who provides
it," he said.

Consumers also should be wary of phony online payday loan Web sites designed to
steal their names, Social Security numbers and bank information, he said.

A federal judge in Illinois last week ordered one such operation in Tampa, Fla.,
to halt operations after an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.

The FTC accused defendants Sean Mulrooney and Odafe Ogaga of using Web sites
with names such as Vantage Funding, Ideal Advance and Your Loan Funding to debit
consumers' checking accounts without their permission. Tens of thousands of
customers lost more than $5 million to the scheme.

Mulrooney and Ogaga allegedly used the scam to finance luxurious lifestyles,
complete with fancy cars - Mulrooney owned a Maserati GranTurismo, and Ogaga
owned a Rolls-Royce Ghost and a Ferrari, court documents show.

"You absolutely have no idea who you're dealing with when you take out a loan
online and you agree to let somebody put their hand in your bank account," said
Mierzwinski, the consumer advocate with U.S. PIRG. "Please step back and think:
Is there any other way I can get this money to meet my bills? Because once you
go into high-cost payday lending, whether online or in person, it's not
something you do once. It's usually something you do again and again and again."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

Lumbee Tribe asks Robeson County officials for $100,000

BYLINE: Amanda Dolasinski, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 742 words


April 22--LUMBERTON -- The Robeson County Board of Commissioners will consider
making a $100,000 donation to defray about $4million in anticipated expenses for
the Lumbee Tribe to rehab the North Carolina Indian Cultural Center that it
purchased in late March.

Paul Brooks, chairman of the Lumbee Tribe, asked commissioners on Monday night
to make the donation for improvements to the center near Maxton.

Despite a plea for rejection, commissioners said the request would be reviewed
during budget discussions that could start in May.

Hubert Sealey, who represents southern section of the county, said that he
received a call from a member of the tribe asking him not to approve any
funding.

"That's a very good thing, I think, y'all are doing," he said. "But I got a call
today from one of your board members, and they asked that we not honor this
request. They asked me not to vote in favor of it at all, and the reason they
asked that was they said y'all had more than enough funds to do whatever you
needed to do over there."

Brooks told commissioners that there has been no funding budgeted for the rehab
of the property. The tribe did secure a bank loan to purchase the property
earlier this month.

"We have no funds whatsoever to do what I'm talking about tonight," he said.
"All the funds we get come in and are marked for whatever it's allowed to be
used for. You can't just go and take NAHASDA (Native American Housing Assistance
and Self Determination Act) funds and go out there."

The complex includes a small museum with artifacts, an amphitheater and pool.
The condition of the property is unknown.

According to historical records, about 6,000 acres, including that property, was
purchased by the federal government in 1936. The property was known as Pembroke
Farms, said Cynthia Hunt, the tribe's clerk.

The area, she said, was used by low-income families of all ethnic groups in
Robeson County as a co-op.

Hunt said that in 1945 the federal government sold the land to the families that
lived on the property.

"People look at it as this was one of the first places that Indians could play
golf and it was one of the first swimming pools," she said. "But I'd like for
people to understand that there's history beyond that."

Brooks said he would like to restore the property to its condition from the
1960s, when it was known as a recreational center, which would include repairing
a swimming pool and golf course. He said he would like to finish the rehab
project within two or three years.

The property, Brooks said, could be used for church groups, concerts,
fundraisers and family reunions.

"When we talk about moving forward in relation to things that need to be done in
relation to our county, we all have to move together," Brooks said. "And if
we're going to move together, we have to work together. I look at it from the
standpoint as we help you, you help us and we help each other."

Although the tribe has not received any grants, Brooks said several grants worth
about $3 million have been identified.

Income the tribe receives from NAHASDA funds from the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development, he said, cannot be used for the restoration project.

"We'd like to ask you to consider $100,000 in donations so that we might be able
to make that fruition to completion in at least two years," Brooks said. "We
want to put this back in the community where it can be beneficial to all of us."

Last month, the Lumbee Tribal council authorized the administration to move
forward with the purchase of the property.

The monthly payment for the $351,000 bank loan will be about $2,200. The
payments will be made using developer fees from a housing development owned by
the tribe.

The administration could not proceed with the loan without approval from the
council. Only council members can allocate funds, said Tony Hunt, the tribe's
administrator.

The Tribal Council had shot down an earlier request from the administration to
approve the loan, citing concerns with language with the loan and legislation
related to the sale of the property, as well as being left out of the
negotiating process.

The property was offered to the tribal administration after the state terminated
a 99-year, $1-per-year lease for the 420-acre complex and adjoining Riverside
Gold Course in 2013.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140422-FY-Lumbee-Tribe-asks-Robeson-County-officials-for-100,000-0422-20140422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Native American Programs

LENGTH: 2293  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Advance Notice Of Proposed Rulemaking.
Summary

The Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and
Families, Administration for Native Americans (ANA) is seeking comments, data,
and information from the public related to planned revisions and amendments to
regulations implementing the Native American Programs Act of 1974 (the NAPA).
ANA anticipates making revisions and amendments to update and revise procedures
and policies involved in executing the requirements of 42 U.S.C. 2991b, 2991b-1,
2991b-2, 2991b-3, 2991d, 2991g, 2991h, 2992, and 2992b-1 (Section 803, 803A,
803B, 803C, 805, 809, 810, 811, and 814 of the NAPA) currently found in our
regulations. ANA is interested in receiving feedback to this advance notice of
proposed rulemaking (ANPRM) about potential means of streamlining applicable
regulations, removing undue burdens, and clarifying procedures and policies
related to accessing programs. We are also interested in receiving
recommendations related to the activities of the Commissioner of the
Administration for Native Americans as an advocate on behalf of Native Americans
.
Unified Agenda
Revisions and Amendments to Regulations Governing Native American Programs
authorized Under the Native American Programs Act of 1974

1 action from July 2014

July 2014
        ANPRM


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. Background
    II. Overview of Requested Feedback
    A. General Regulatory Topics of Interest
    B. Special Topics of Interest
    III. Conclusion

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this ANPRM must be received by January 29, 2015.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments by any of the methods listed below (please choose only
one listed). All submissions must include the agency name and following
Regulatory Identification Number (RIN): RIN 0970-AC60. Please do not submit
duplicate comments. When commenting, please identify the current regulation,
topic, or issue to which your comment pertains.

1. Electronic submission: You may submit electronic comments on this ANPRM to
http://www.regulations.gov by entering RIN 0970-AC60 in the search box and
clicking on the `Comment Now' button. After submitting your comment
electronically at http://www.regulations.gov, a confirmation page will appear
which contains a Comment Tracking Number. Comments also may be submitted
electronically via email to ANACommissioner@acf.hhs.gov with "ANA ANPRM" in the
subject line.

2. Mail: You may mail written comments to the following address only:
Administration for Native Americans, Administration for Children and Families,
Department of Health and Human Services, Attention: ANA ANPRM, 370 L'Enfant
Promenade, Washington DC 20447. Please allow sufficient time for mailed comments
to be received before the close of the comment period.

3. Hand delivery: If you prefer, you may deliver (by hand or courier) your
written comments before the close of the comment period to Camille Loya,
Administration for Native Americans, 370 L'Enfant Promenade, Washington, DC
20447. Because access to the interior of the building is not readily available
to persons without Federal government identification, commenters must first call
877-922-9262 in advance to schedule an escort to the second floor and may not
leave their comments at the security desk located in the main lobby of the
building. Commenters will be escorted to the Administration for Native Americans
where a stamp-in clock is available for persons wishing to retain a proof of
filing by stamping and retaining an extra copy of the comments being filed.

Inspection of Public Comments: All comments received before the close of the
comment period are available for viewing by the public, including any personally
identifiable or confidential business information that is included in a comment.
The Department will post all comments received before the close of the comment
period on the following Web site as soon as possible after they have been
received: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the search instructions on that Web
site to view public comments. Comments received electronically via
http://www.regulations.gov by the close of the comment period will also be
available for public inspection electronically as they are received. Comments
submitted electronically via email to ANACommissioner@acf.hhs.gov,
hand-delivered comments, and mailed comments will be available for public
inspection within one week of receipt at the Administration for Native Americans
, 370 L'Enfant Promenade, Washington, DC 20447. Because access to the interior
of the building is not readily available to persons without Federal government
identification, commenters must first call 877-922-9262 in advance to schedule
an escort to the second floor . No deletions, modifications, or redactions will
be made to the comments received, as they are public records. Comments may be
submitted anonymously. However, comments that identify the type of organization
responding to this ANPRM are especially helpful.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Camille Loya, Administration for Native Americans at (202) 401-5964.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

This ANPRM has two main sections. The first section, entitled `Background,'
describes the relevant authority on which the ANPRM is based and establishes the
rationale for its issuance at this time. The second section, entitled `Overview
of Requested Feedback,' presents questions, ideas, and potential language ANA is
considering as part of future proposed regulations under the authority of the
NAPA.
I. Background Back to Top

The Native American Programs Act of 1974 (NAPA), 93, was first enacted on
January 4, 1975. The last time substantial amendments to the NAPA regulations
were made was 1996. Section 802 of the NAPA establishes as its broad statutory
purpose the promotion of "the goal of economic and social self-sufficiency for
American Indians, Native Hawaiians, other Native American Pacific Islanders
(including American Samoan Natives), and Alaska Natives." The Administration for
Native Americans (ANA) executes this purpose through the provision of
project-based financial assistance to Native Americans authorized under sections
803 and 803C of the NAPA, as well as through advocacy on behalf of Native
Americans within the Department of Health and Human Services and with other
departments and agencies of the Federal government "regarding all Federal
policies affecting Native Americans," under section 803B (c) of the NAPA.

The regulations that are the subject of this Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) are found in 45 CFR Part 1336. These regulations provide or
describe rules necessary to fully implement the NAPA's statutory requirements
and authorities and primarily originate from 1983, with the last updates
occurring in 1996. Given the length of time since the last consideration of the
NAPA regulations, through this ANPRM ANA is particularly interested in seeking
information and recommendations from recipients and potential recipients of ANA
financial assistance as well as from Native Americans at-large who are the
intended beneficiaries of the NAPA.
II. Overview of Requested Feedback Back to Top

On July 9 and 10, 2013 the Administration for Children and Families (ACF) hosted
a tribal consultation in Washington, DC to consult on ACF programs and tribal
priorities. This consultation helped ANA identify issues of concern and interest
to the Indian tribes and Native American serving organizations in attendance and
provided detailed and fact-based information on the challenges facing Indian
tribes, children, and families, particularly related to the language and
cultural vitality of Native American communities. This ANPRM presents both
general and targeted topics of interest to help prompt additional feedback
related to both the financial assistance that ANA provides as well as topics
related more broadly to policy development affecting Native Americans. It also
welcomes all points of view on how to streamline regulatory requirements and
procedures, provide clarity, and maximize flexibility balanced with ANA
oversight and advocacy responsibilities.

Pursuant to ACF's Tribal Consultation Policy, ANA believes this ANPRM can be
considered a form of tribal consultation under section 8.H.3 of such Policy.
Accordingly, we intend to provide a detailed report on the comments,
recommendations, and other input we receive summarizing the specific comments or
groups of comments, responses, and other input received in response to this
ANPRM.

At such time as we are prepared to propose specific revisions and updates to the
NAPA regulations, we will engage in notice-and-comment rulemaking and publish a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) in the Federal Register. In accordance with
standard rulemaking procedures, the public will have an opportunity to comment
on our proposed revisions at that time. Then, when the final rule is
promulgated, ANA will summarize and respond to all substantive comments received
on the NPRM.
A. General Regulatory Topics of Interest

We are interested in comments and recommendations related to:

The scope and content of regulatory definitions (45 CFR 1336.10).

Are there terms referenced in the regulations for which a regulatory definition
would be helpful? For example, a definition for `delegate agency,' `Funding
Opportunity Announcement,' `maintenance of effort,' `Office of Chief Executive,'
or `third-party T/TA'.

Procedures governing the financial assistance award process for Native American
social and economic development projects, including projects supporting Native
languages and regulation of environmental quality (45 CFR 1336.31-1336.35 and
1336.50-1336.52).
    Alaska is 2.5 times the size of Texas and Alaska Natives make up 229 tribes
living in over 220 rural villages, the majority of which are accessible only by
plane or boat, weather permitting. The great distances in Alaska from one
community to another, and from the state to the rest of the United States,
present unique and varied challenges. ANA is interested in how such challenges
affect applications for funding.
    Eligibility for ANA financial assistance (45 CFR 1336.33).
    Project evaluation standards by which ANA will measure the impact of funded
projects, their effectiveness in achieving stated goals, their structure and
mechanisms for delivery of services, and their impact on related programs (45
CFR 1336.40).
    ANA is interested in grantees' and potential grantees' views about what
information, factors, or other data are most relevant to ANA's evaluation of
overall impact and effectiveness of ANA-funded projects.
    ANA is interested in grantees' and potential grantees' views about potential
methods for evaluating the impact of ANA-funded projects three or more years
after a grant award period has ended.
    ANA is interested in grantees' and potential grantees' views on required
project reporting, including views on the frequency and burden associated with
reporting and any recommendations related to how data reports could be shared
with stakeholders.
    Updates to subpart F governing ANA oversight of the Native Hawaiian
Revolving Loan Fund (45 CFR 1336.60-1336.77).
    ANA is interested in hearing from Native Hawaiians who have benefited from
the Native Hawaiian Revolving Loan Fund on how the Fund has increased economic
opportunities, capital formation, and credit worthiness for Native Hawaiians.
    ANA is interested in views on allowable loan activities, time limits, and
loan conditions.
    Recently, ANA has issued clarifications describing prohibited conflicts of
interest related to ANA-funded projects. ANA is considering establishing, in
regulation, a comprehensive definition of a `prohibited conflict of interest' in
order to minimize potential confusion.
    ANA is interested in feedback on the following definition of `prohibited
conflict of interest':

Prohibited conflict of interest means a clash between the private interests of a
person and that person's official duties and obligations under a project
receiving ANA grant that cannot be resolved by recusal of the person from
discussions, decisions, and actions in one role that affects the other.
B. Special Topics of Interest

In addition to comments and recommendations responsive to Section II.A., ANA
invites views and recommendations addressing the following topics:

Descriptions of the perceived barriers to Native American economic and social
self-sufficiency and any recommendations to address such barriers.
    Viewpoints on indicators of economic stability in Native American
communities (such as poverty rate, earnings, employment, and educational
attainment) and recommendations for improvements to promote increased economic
self-sufficiency.
    Thoughts on the roles of historical trauma and/or toxic stress in creating
risks to the physical and mental health of Native American adults and children
and recommendations for remediating such risks.
    Information on the perceived impediments to Native Americans' greater
participation in state-wide initiatives such as Quality Rating and Improvement
Systems (QRIS) or state-wide data sharing.

III. Conclusion Back to Top

With this ANPRM, ANA is seeking input on issues and questions related to the
subjects raised in the ANPRM that are of concern or interest to relevant
stakeholders.

Dated: June 17, 2014.

Mark Greenberg,

Acting Assistant Secretary for Children and Families.

Approved: August 5, 2014.

Sylvia M. Burwell,

Secretary.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 20, 1998

National Indian Housing Council Seeking Partnership with Lenders

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: Washington


In an effort to increase homeownership through mortgage financing on Indian land
as well as investments in affordable and market-rate rental housing, the
National American Indian Housing Council is seeking to form partnerships with
banks, credit unions, thrifts and community development corporations.

Eric Bauer, the former executive director of the Navajo Partnership for Housing,
has been hired as the NAIHC's mortgage policy coordinator.  He will manage the
organization's Mortgage Partnership Program.

"We did 91 conventional loans confirmed during the last five years on 556
reservations throughout the U.S. with a Native American population of 2.27
million," said Mr. Bauer.

"A big part of the problem is the land status and the way it's being managed has
created a delay in Native Americans getting title to the land.

The Bureau of Indian Affairs has a 113-staff-year backlog on title searches.

And helping the tribes put in place the legal instruments needed for encumbrance
and foreclosure to occur, so the banks can have a means to secure their loans,
is another barrier.

Out of the 556 tribes, we can identify less than 100 tribes that have these
legal instruments in place.

"Many tribal families, because of a lack of exposure to the credit and
collateral industry, have limited or no credit history.

"You've got people who are being exposed for the first time to any financial
institution of any sort.

"We're developing materials and counseling to explain to these families why you
need impeccable credit to qualify for mortgage financing.  We're looking
initially to partner with seven banks to get these programs going over the next
six months."

Fannic Mae has provided more than $ 53 million in affordable mortgage financing
for Native Americans representing 55 tribes since 1995, and it issued the first
mortgage-backed security that consisted completely of loans provided for Native
Americans.

Freddie Mac - which has in place a two-year-old program for the purchase of
Native American loans originated under HUD's Section 184 guaranteed loan program
- along with FT Mortgage and PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. launched an alliance
with the Chickasaw Nation in April that included a $ 10 million commitment in
funding for affordable housing for Chickasaw residents of Oklahoma.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Eric Bauer

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

OKLAHOMA BRIEFS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 499 words


Disaster aid available, Fallin saysGov. Mary Fallin announced Thursday that
eight Oklahoma counties may now receive disaster assistance from the U.S. Small
Business Administration to aid in recovery efforts from tornadoes, severe storms
and straight-line winds that began on March 30.The SBA granted the state's
request for low-interest disaster loans for homeowners and business owners in
Tulsa County to repair or replace storm-damaged property that was not covered by
insurance or other assistance programs. The loan program also is available to
assist businesses that sustained economic injury due to the storm.Under SBA
rules, the contiguous counties of Creek, Okmulgee, Osage, Pawnee, Rogers,
Wagoner and Washington counties also are eligible for assistance.A Disaster Loan
Outreach Center will open Monday at the Antioch Baptist Church at 110 W 59 St. N
in Tulsa. SBA officials will be on hand to answer questions and help with the
application process. The center will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. until April
28.Applicants may apply online at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela or by calling
(800) 659-2955.OCU to host national summitThe&nbsp;Oklahoma City University
School of Law will host the second annual National Summit on Homeland Security
Law, "The State of Cyber," noon to 5:30 p.m. Tuesday.&nbsp;Keynote speakers
include Suzanne E. Spaulding, undersecretary for the Department of Homeland
Security, and John P. Carlin, assistant attorney general for national
security.The program, presented by Crowe &amp; Dunlevy and the OCU Law School,
will be in the J. William Conger Moot Courtroom, with a reception following in
McLaughlin Hall.&nbsp;Registration is $75 and can be completed at&nbsp;

https://goo.gl/OJPehk.AT&amp;T employees receive awardThe Corporation for
National and Community Service&nbsp;has awarded 65 AT&amp;T employees from
Oklahoma with the President's Volunteer Service Award for giving their time to
transform their communities for the better.&nbsp;The program gives U.S.
presidential recognition to those who have shown a sustained commitment to
volunteerism throughout the year. The employees logged a minimum of 100 hours in
service to others last year."The employees receiving the PVSA award are
improving our community through their selfless acts every day - whether it's
mentoring students, cleaning up our parks or helping feed those who are hungry,"
said Steve Hahn, president of AT&amp;T Oklahoma.Indian students are focus of
programA learning and leadership development program at Oklahoma City
University's Meinders School of Business is connecting American Indian students
with career opportunities in tribal businesses and governments.Mike Williams,
the school's associate dean, said the Native American Scholars Academy offers an
engaging academic experience for full-time American Indian undergraduates. The
unique program was developed in collaboration with tribal leaders to effectively
address economic expansion in the tribes.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 10, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Harvard honors Potawatomi Nation program ;
Shawnee-based tribe wins $10,000 prize.

BYLINE: Judy Gibbs Robinson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 346 words


The Citizen Potawatomi Nation has received a $10,000 good governance award from
Harvard University for a program that provides financing and technical
assistance to business start-ups.

The Shawnee-based tribe's Community Development Corp. was one of seven tribal
entities to receive high honors and a $10,000 prize from the Honoring Nations
program at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. Another seven tribes received
honors and prizes of $2,000 each.

The Citizen Potawatomi Community Development Program has loaned more than $5
million to at least 71 American Indian-owned businesses since it started in May
2003. As a result, those businesses have created or retained more than 196 jobs.

Any American Indian in Oklahoma and any Citizen Potawatomi member in the nation
is eligible to apply for loans through the tribal program.

"We created it because so many Native American businesses still do not have
access to capital. They are not able to access it through a traditional
financial institution," said Kristi Coker, the program's executive director.

In addition to financing, business owners get technical assistance through a
cooperative agreement with the Gordon Cooper Technology Center in Shawnee, where
they learn everything from how to develop a business plan to how to keep the
books.

Coker said the award money will be used to attend conferences and print
materials describing the Community Development Corp. program so other tribes can
duplicate it.

"One of the things that's so important to Harvard is to help disseminate
information," Coker said.

Since the Honoring Nations program began in 1998, more than a quarter of all
U.S. tribes have applied for an award, and 92 initiatives have been honored. No
Oklahoma tribe has won previously.

This year's winners were chosen from 86 applications representing more than 60
tribes. The programs were evaluated on effectiveness, significance to
sovereignty, cultural relevance, transferability and sustainability.

Finalists made presentations to the Honoring Nations Board of Governors and
answered questions Oct. 3.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

FORM 8-K: MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY FILES Current report

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY, has filed FORM 8-K (Current
Report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2016






 Section 1 - Registrant's Business and Operations






    Item 1.01

    Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.






 On May 26, 2016, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority (the "Authority") entered
into a second amendment agreement (the "Second Amendment") among the Authority,
the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut (the "Tribe"), Citizens Bank, N.A.,
as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, amending the loan
agreement (the "Loan Agreement"), dated as of November 19, 2013, among the
Authority, the Tribe, the lenders party thereto, Citizens Bank, N.A. (f/k/a RBS
Citizens, N.A.), as administrative agent and L/C Issuer (the "Agent") and Bank
of America, N.A. as Autoborrow Lender and L/C Issuer (as amended by the increase
joinder and amendment agreement (the "First Amendment"), dated as of August 11,
2015, among the Authority, the Tribe, the Agent and the lenders party thereto).
The Second Amendment amends the Loan Agreement (as amended by the First
Amendment) to, among other things, permit the Authority to make additional
investments relating to its previously disclosed joint venture arrangement to
develop and build an integrated resort at Incheon International Airport in South
Korea.

 The foregoing description of the Second Amendment does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of (i)
the Second Amendment, which the Authority intends to file as an exhibit to its
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2016, (ii) the
Loan Agreement, which the Authority previously filed as Exhibit 10.25 to its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 and
(iii) the First Amendment, which the Authority previously filed as Exhibit 10.3
to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2015.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Otoe-Missouria lending company faces legal challenge

LENGTH: 467  words


On Wednesday, the Southern federal District Court of New York considered whether
to allow a preliminary injunction that would keep two tribes' payday lending
companies in business in the Empire State.


Along with the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, the
Otoe-Missouria Tribe is facing a legal challenge from the state of New York's
Department of Financial Services as part of its campaign to stop online payday
lending companies from doing business in the state.
The Otoe-Missouria Tribe, headquartered in Red Rock, Okla., operates two online
payday lending firms while the Michigan-based Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake
Superior Chippewa Indians has one. Both tribes have financial regulatory
agencies that oversee the lending companies' activities.
Benjamin Lawsky, the state superintendent of Financial Services, said the
companies violate New York's predatory lending laws and that insulating
reservation-based businesses only inhibits the state's ability to enforce its
own laws.
"State laws like New York's usury statutes may validly be applied to economic
transactions between Native Americans and New York consumers when those
transactions have significant and injurious off-reservation effects - as is the
case here, given the crippling debt that payday loans cause to New Yorkers,"
Lawsky's attorneys wrote.
To keep doing business in New York while the lawsuit plays out, the tribes filed
a motion for a preliminary injunction.
"Although defendants have absolutely no power to constrain the sovereign rights
of the tribal entities, they have interfered with that sovereignty by asserting
that the tribes are improper bodies to regulate the tribal corporate plaintiffs'
business practices and by demanding that banks prevent the tribes' ability to
transfer funds through the interstate banking network," attorney David Bernick
wrote on behalf of the Otoe-Missouria Tribe and Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake
Superior Chippewa Indians. "Several banks and financial services companies have
already informed the tribal corporate plaintiffs that they will terminate their
accounts and more likely will blindly follow suit if the defendants are not
enjoined."
According to court filings, the Otoe-Missouria Tribe receives about half of its
non-federal operating funds from its online lending companies, American Web Loan
and Great Plains Lending.
A ruling on the injunction request has not been handed down. When reached via
email Thursday, Otoe-Missouria Chairman John Shotton was optimistic about his
tribe's case. "We are waiting for the judge to rule and are confident that he
will uphold Indian law and sovereign rights," he said. "Our tribe's lending
activities follow federal law and operate in a highly regulated environment with
a specific focus on protecting consumers."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Oklahoma business briefs for April 15

SECTION:

LENGTH: 499 words


Disaster aid available, Fallin saysGov. Mary Fallin announced Thursday that
eight Oklahoma counties may now receive disaster assistance from the U.S. Small
Business Administration to aid in recovery efforts from tornadoes, severe storms
and straight-line winds that began on March 30.The SBA granted the state's
request for low-interest disaster loans for homeowners and business owners in
Tulsa County to repair or replace storm-damaged property that was not covered by
insurance or other assistance programs. The loan program also is available to
assist businesses that sustained economic injury due to the storm.Under SBA
rules, the contiguous counties of Creek, Okmulgee, Osage, Pawnee, Rogers,
Wagoner and Washington counties also are eligible for assistance.A Disaster Loan
Outreach Center will open Monday at the Antioch Baptist Church at 110 W 59 St. N
in Tulsa. SBA officials will be on hand to answer questions and help with the
application process. The center will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. until April
28.Applicants may apply online at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela or by calling
(800) 659-2955.OCU to host national summitThe&nbsp;Oklahoma City University
School of Law will host the second annual National Summit on Homeland Security
Law, "The State of Cyber," noon to 5:30 p.m. April 19.&nbsp;Keynote speakers
include Suzanne E. Spaulding, undersecretary for the Department of Homeland
Security, and John P. Carlin, assistant attorney general for national
security.The program, presented by Crowe &amp; Dunlevy and the OCU Law School,
will be in the J. William Conger Moot Courtroom, with a reception following in
McLaughlin Hall.&nbsp;Registration is $75 and can be completed at&nbsp;

https://goo.gl/OJPehk.AT&amp;T employees receive awardThe Corporation for
National and Community Service&nbsp;has awarded 65 AT&amp;T employees from
Oklahoma with the President's Volunteer Service Award for giving their time to
transform their communities for the better.&nbsp;The program gives U.S.
presidential recognition to those who have shown a sustained commitment to
volunteerism throughout the year. The employees logged a minimum of 100 hours in
service to others last year."The employees receiving the PVSA award are
improving our community through their selfless acts every day - whether it's
mentoring students, cleaning up our parks or helping feed those who are hungry,"
said Steve Hahn, president of AT&amp;T Oklahoma.Indian students are focus of
programA learning and leadership development program at Oklahoma City
University's Meinders School of Business is connecting American Indian students
with career opportunities in tribal businesses and governments.Mike Williams,
the school's associate dean, said the Native American Scholars Academy offers an
engaging academic experience for full-time American Indian undergraduates. The
unique program was developed in collaboration with tribal leaders to effectively
address economic expansion in the tribes.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 20, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

How one tribe halted a century-long decline

BYLINE: - Gosia Glinska

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 577 words


The big idea:  In recent years, some tribes have reaped huge profits from their
gambling operations. Most American Indians, however, are still mired in poverty,
unemployment, addictions, ill health and hopelessness. Is there a way to create
a better future in Indian Country? The Citizen Potawatomi Nation found the
answer in strong leadership, self-rule and entrepreneurship.

The scenario:  The Citizen Potawatomi Nation is a tribe of the Potawatomi
people, about 10,000 of whom are based in Oklahoma. Like other Native Americans,
the Potawatomis have lived with a legacy of broken treaties, land theft,
destruction of natural resources, paternalism and federal policies aimed at the
eradication of Native language and culture. Four decades ago, the tribe was in
disarray. It had 2.5 acres of trust land, $500 in cash and a tribal headquarters
in a run-down trailer.

The resolution:  Things turned around under the leadership of John "Rocky"
Barrett, who took the helm of the Citizen Potawatomi Nation in 1973. As chairman
of the tribal government, Barrett spearheaded the adoption of a new constitution
and statutes that emphasized tribal self-determination under federal law and
also held tribal officials accountable for their mistakes.

Barrett knew that supporting entrepreneurship was crucial to the economic
revival of his tribe. His mind-set had helped to shape his own future. He'd
worked in the oil industry, first as a roughneck at age 15, then as president of
his own oil- and gas-production business. He was also president of an Angus
cattle ranch.

Barrett's focus on entrepreneurship and astute management of the tribal
sovereignty that gave tribes a competitive edge under federal and state laws
resulted in profitable enterprises and jobs. The Citizen Potawatomi Nation
reinvested profits and poured them into education, housing, health care and
social services.

To increase access to capital in Indian Country, Barrett and other leaders
invited experts to Shawnee, Okla., to help launch the Citizen Potawatomi
Community Development Corporation in 2003. It was driven by a mission to expand
access to credit and financial services in disadvantaged markets. It provided
business loans and small-business-development services, as well as consumer
credit and other basic financial services to Native communities in Oklahoma.

All those changes led to stability, progress and prosperity, increasing tribal
confidence and pride. Under Barrett's leadership, the Citizen Potawatomi Nation
had experienced more than 15 percent average annual revenue growth for 20
consecutive years.

Today, the Citizen Potawatomi Nation is the largest employer in Pottawatomie
County. In addition to two casinos, the tribe owns FireLake Discount Foods, a
golf course, a radio station, a truck stop, Rural Water District 3 (a public
utility serving 800 customers) and First National Bank, the largest tribally
owned bank in the United States, with close to $240 million in assets.

The lesson:  For this tribe, a century-old decline ended when strong leaders
reformed its government. By enabling access to capital and supporting
entrepreneurship, the tribe powered its revival.

- Gosia Glinska

Glinska is a senior researcher at the University of Virginia Darden School of
Business. The "Case in Point" was adapted from an original Darden case by Gosia
Glinska and Gregory B. Fairchild, an associate business professor.

Related:

Looking for a previous Case in Point? Visit our archives.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

BUSINESS BEAT

SECTION: E; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 442 words


Have an item for Business Beat? Send it to businessbeat @spokesman.com.

EDUCATION

Alison Carr-Chellman has accepted the position of dean of University of Idaho's
College of Education. Carr-Chellman comes to UI after 20 years at Pennsylvania
State University. She will begin July 1.

FINANCE

Ernie Stensgar has received the Tribal Leader of the Year award from the Native
American Finance Officers Association in recognition of his work in championing
tribal rights. Stensgar is the vice chairman of the Coeur d'Alene Tribe.

Angie Meadows has been added to HomeStreet Bank's Spokane team as a senior loan
officer. Meadows has been in mortgage lending for more than 20 years.

HEALTH CARE

Rod Story, M.D., has earned the Fellow in Hospital Medicine designation from the
Society of Hospital Medicine's Fellows program in recognition of his commitment
to hospital medicine, system change and quality improvement principles. Story is
a doctor  at Pullman Regional Hospital.

MISCELLANEOUS

Fourteen employees and one volunteer at Airway Heights Corrections Center have
received Department of Corrections Annual Agency Awards, which recognize their
work in the department. Renee Schuiteman received the Secretary's Leadership
award; Travis Grub received the Correctional Officer of the Year award; and
Elroy McDermott received the Volunteer of the Year award. The following members
of the corrections center's sex offender treatment program received a Team
Excellence award: Brent Borg, Amanda DeBleeker, Stephen Donovan, Tatiana Duchak,
Susan Gallagher, Marsha Jones, Jordan Karns, Matthew Keeler, William Lucas,
Kerry McCarthy, Maureen Nickerson and Kaye Knight.

NONPROFIT

The Friends of the Library organization has donated $8,000 to the Spokane Public
Library to help build its eBook collection. The organization donated money it
received from its spring book sale.

Project Hope Spokane, Elevations - A Children's Therapy Resource Foundation,
Inland NW Baby and Boys & Girls Clubs of Spokane each received a $5,000 donation
from Larry H. Miller Downtown Toyota Spokane and Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A. as
winners of the 2016 Larry H. Miller Drive for Good, which recognizes local
nonprofit organizations and the role they play in serving the community.

REALTY

Kim Cooper has received the Circle of Excellence award from the Coeur d'Alene
Association of Realtors based on his production of sales volume, commitment to
community service and professional excellence indicated by his continuing
education beyond what is required to maintain a license. Cooper is a broker with
Select Brokers Real Estate.

RETAIL

Etailz has hired Michael Shriver as lead inventory analyst.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Native farmers eagerly watch Obama African-American farmer deal

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 701 words


Mar. 17--WASHINGTON -- Native American litigants in a long-running case against
the U.S. Department of Agriculture are hoping the nation's first farmers won't
be the last to see resolution by the Obama administration on discrimination
claims.

In February, a class of black farmers in what's known as the Pigford case
reached a second settlement in a discrimination lawsuit against the U.S.
government. If Congress can appropriate the funds, they are set to receive $1.15
billion on top of $1 billion previously paid to black farmers who filed timely
claims.

Native American farmers have had similar claims in court since 1999, but the
Obama administration has been slower to settle, and no previous agreements have
occurred for Indian plaintiffs under past presidents.

The case, known as Keepseagle v. Vilsack, involves hundreds of tribal plaintiffs
from several states who argue that agriculture officials denied or delayed a
number of farm and ranch loans and emergency assistance applications by Indians.

An expert report prepared by Indian plaintiffs estimates the alleged
discrimination caused the farmers to be denied about $3 billion in credit,
resulting in between $500 million and $1 billion in damages.

At the White House Tribal Nations Conference in November, USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack promised to resolve the situation. At a February Agriculture
Subcommittee hearing, he again noted the Keepseagle case, expressing a few
thoughts on the settlement.

"There are numbers being discussed," Vilsack testified, although he said there
was a wide gap between the parties on a settlement figure.

Indian plaintiffs agreed in December to a stay of their litigation as settlement
talks progressed. They then agreed to an extension in February, which puts the
new deadline at April 12.

Joseph Sellers, the lead lawyer for the Indian plaintiffs, said the Obama
administration's settlement of the second Pigford claims is "another encouraging
indication that they should be prepared to resolve the Keepseagle case on
comparable terms," yet he noted the longer it takes, the more doubts tend to pop
up for plaintiffs.

Sellers has "every reason to believe suffering by Native Americans is comparable
to the suffering of African-Americans."

Claryca Mandan, a citizen of the Three Affiliated Tribes who is a class
representative, said she, too, is encouraged, but she noted that hope is
sometimes difficult to maintain since the case has been ongoing since the
late-1990s, and many Indian farmers had complaints for decades before that.

"It's been a very long, long process, and several of our plaintiffs, including
two main ones, have passed away."

To date, more than 80 depositions have been taken in the case, and thousands of
documents have been filed.

Indian plaintiffs don't anticipate that the large amount of money required to
settle should be a hold up, since parameters of the case allow it to be settled
without Congress needing to approve it or appropriate more funds. Instead, a
settlement could be paid under a judgment fund overseen by the Department of
Justice, which is meant for use by federal agencies for these types of
settlements.

"Native Americans are just looking for parity," Mandan said. "I don't think
that's too much to ask."

Sellers said his clients have expressed no desire to continue providing
extensions for negotiation talks past mid-April if serious progress isn't made
by then.

"I think our clients feel that we've already waited a long time for a resolution
of this case. Many wish there had been a more robust Keepseagle discussion
concurrently as the second Pigford settlement."

As to why black farmers have done so well in comparison to Indian farmers,
Mandan noted that there is generally more political support from the
Congressional Black Caucus on the matter.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100317-IC-FARMER-LAWSUIT-20100317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2010 Indian Country Today


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     February 25, 2001 Sunday CITY EDITION

SMART BETS;
THE MILLE LACS BAND OF OJIBWE IS LOOKING FOR WAYS TO EXPAND THE TRIBAL ECONOMY
BEYOND GAMING, WITH HELP FOR ENTREPRENEURS.

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 986 words


The story of Carole Higgins could serve as a model for rural and neighborhood
groups that promote entrepreneurship and economic growth.

Higgins operates Carole's Grand Salon, a barber and beauty shop housed in foyer
space at the Grand Casino Hinckley that she rents from the Mille Lacs Band of
Ojibwe. An entrepreneur in her own right, she is also part of a community-based
enterprise.

Helping Higgins to achieve her entrepreneurial goals was the Mille Lacs Band of
Ojibwe Corporate Commission. Three years ago, the group provided Higgins with
business loans to start her hair salon business, and it leases her commercial
real estate space.

"I've been independent right from the beginning," Higgins said. "All I do is pay
the rent."

Commission staff "did the studies to see what capital base I would need for
inventory and operating expenses before I got started," she said. "Too many
people put all their money into starting a business and then don't have the
money to operate it."

The Mille Lacs Band Corporate Commission is the business holding company and
business management arm of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe, near Onamia and
Hinckley. In the past 10 years, it has opened and operated two casinos, two
hotels, a wild rice processing company, commercial real estate property, two
banks, two gas station/convenience stores and a sandwich shop.

On top of that, the group now operates an investment and management consulting
service to assist other tribal governments and business groups across the
country.

A key mission of the group is to support tribally owned businesses while
attempting to diversify the Mille Lacs economy away from a heavy dependence on
gaming. To do the latter, it is encouraging band members to be entrepreneurs
themselves, said Martin Jennings, director of development for the commission.

The commission provided business development loans to enrolled members of the
band to start 34 independent businesses. Loan programs range from small,
start-up and planning loans of up to $5,000 and "macro" loans for business
development that reach up to $75,000.

Jennings said the commission also has a training program that includes teaching
management skills and securing management and technical information for business
operators. A mentoring program using experienced business operators is being
started.

Most business operators are first-generation entrepreneurs, Jennings said.
Before the casinos began generating revenue in 1991, he said, "most people
didn't see owning a business as realistic." That has changed.

Sheldon Boyd, commissioner of administration for the tribal government, said the
band's entrepreneurs worked out of Hinckley, McGregor, Onamia and other nearby
towns in the past. They are now recognized as Mille Lacs' own, he said.

The challenge is to keep creating businesses and opportunities for young members
to come back and use their college and technical school educations, Boyd said.
This urgency is understood throughout tribal government and in the business
commission, he said. "Half of our people are 18 years old or younger," he noted.

Personal experience gives Boyd a good understanding of the challenge ahead.
Educated with an electronics degree, he could not find work at home until the
casinos opened and needed employees with computer skills.

"Like everywhere else, our young people are always more sophisticated and better
educated," he said. "We face the same problem as every other community in rural
Minnesota: We have to provide opportunities."

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Company: The Mille Lacs Band Corporate Commission

Headquarters: Onamia

Owners: Approximately 3,400 tribal members of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe

Employees: More than 3,000 directly and indirectly, not counting tribal
government and public service employees

Direct investments: More than $200 million in casinos, hotels, recreation
facilities, commercial real estate, banks, gasoline stations and convenience
stores and a wild rice processing company.

Indirect investments: More than $1.2 million in small business loans to 34
independent entrepreneurs.

Obstacle overcome: Securing capital resources for economic development.

Challenge ahead: Continued economic diversification, creating opportunities for
a better-educated younger generation.

Nurturing business fosters entrepreneurship Al Paulson, president of Marketplace
Productions, St. Paul, is an enrolled member of the White Earth Band of
Minnesota Chippewa Indians and is also a former chairman of both the National
Indian Business Association and the Minnesota American Indian Chamber of
Commerce.

He offers this advice to the Mille Lacs Band Corporate Commission and other
community-based enterprises:

Indian people were this continent's first traders. When the English and the
French came, we were the first traders in Minnesota, trading furs and goods with
Louis Astor and the Hudson Bay Company. We have an entrepreneurial culture.

A lot of us may have lost that heritage. Now, more tribes are finding that free
enterprise is healthy and that they can promote free enterprise on their
reservations. You can promote individual entrepreneurship by helping members
start businesses the way Mille Lacs is doing and White Earth is trying to do.
This is enhancing the identity of the Indian as entrepreneur, and is restoring
this identity to our culture.

It makes perfect sense to develop business along two plains: the tribal
business, where you need large capital investments, and individual business
development. A recent University of Georgia study shows that Native American
buying power increased by 81 percent in the past decade, rising to $34.8 billion
from $19.2 billion in 1990. We're learning that community action and individual
development both work and complement each other.

Lee Egerstrom can be reached at legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CRAIG BORCK, PIONEER PRESS
Carole Higgins owns and operates Carole's Grand Salon, a hair styling
business that is one of 34 private enterprise firms assisted by the
Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe Corporate Commission through loans and
consulting services. Higgins is finishing up a haircut for Steve
Perrault, North Branch, vice president of guest services for Grand
Casino.

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2009 University of Colorado Law Review
                       University of Colorado Law Review

                                  Spring, 2009

                       UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO LAW REVIEW

                            80 U. Colo. L. Rev. 285

LENGTH: 19148 words

ARTICLE: ACCREDITED INDIANS: INCREASING THE FLOW OF PRIVATE EQUITY INTO INDIAN
COUNTRY AS A DOMESTIC EMERGING MARKET

NAME: Gavin Clarkson*

BIO: * Dr. Clarkson is an Associate Professor at the University of Houston Law
Center. DBA, Harvard Business School; JD cum laude, Harvard Law School; MBA, BA,
Rice University. Financial support was generously provided by the National
Congress of American Indians. Significant research assistance was provided by
Amy Wise and David DeKorte. An earlier version of this paper was presented at
the National Native American Economic Summit in Phoenix, Arizona in May 2007.
Valuable feedback was also provided at the 2008 Huber Hurst Legal Research
Seminar at the University of Florida.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The logical alternative is for tribes to deploy equity capital in the same
way as other wealthy individuals or corporations: investing in a private-equity
or venture-capital fund where financial professionals can evaluate various
businesses and select the best opportunities in order to maximize investment
returns.  ... Unfortunately, wealthy tribes have not been able to participate in
private-equity investing because, under Regulation D ("Reg D") of the Securities
Act of 1933, Indian tribes are not included in the list of "accredited
investors." ... Generally, securities lawyers advise startup private-equity
funds to restrict the sale of securities (that is, raise their "blind pool" of
capital) to accredited investors, given the high-risk nature of equity
investments.  ... These needs occur in such vital sectors as transportation,
community facilities, housing, and enterprise development due, in part, to the
restrictions imposed on tribal access to the capital markets, specifically the
inability of tribal governments to issue tax-exempt debt on the same basis as
other governments.  ... In fact, many tribes pride themselves on their ability
to adapt: the Navajos developed a thriving weaving industry using wool from
sheep brought over by Europeans; the Plains Indians incorporated European horses
into their culture; and the Choctaw claim that if the Europeans had brought
aluminum foil with them, Choctaws would have been cooking with it while the
other tribes were still regarding it with suspicion.  ... States had their
securities laws in place prior to the passage of the federal Securities Act of
1933.

HIGHLIGHT:  Indian Country is America's domestic emerging market, and, as in
other emerging markets, many successful businesses in Indian Country are
starving for expansion capital. The U.S. Treasury estimates that the
private-equity deficit in Indian Country is $ 44 billion. While the handful of
wealthier tribes might be logical investors in private-equity funds deploying
capital in Indian Country, the existing securities laws present a significant
impediment. In particular, Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 does not
treat tribes as "accredited investors," thus denying those tribes the ability to
participate in the private-equity market. Since there is no principled reason to
exclude tribes from the list of accredited investors, this Article makes the
case for extending accredited investor status to tribes.

 TEXT:
 [*285]
 Introduction

 While discussions of emerging markets usually focus on economic development in
third world countries, most Indian tribes have an economy on par with those same
countries. Extensive  [*286]  land bases, spread-out communities, and homesteads
mired in one long-standing poverty cycle characterize most reservations. n1 Just
as with other emerging markets, the need for economic development in Indian
Country n2 remains acute and affects nearly every aspect of reservation life.

   Contrary to popular belief, gaming does not provide a significant economic
stimulus for most tribal economies. Most of the more than 560
federally-recognized Indian tribes n3 do not have any form of gaming operations,
n4 and of those that do, only a small handful generate significant revenues. n5
While a small number of tribes near major metropolitan centers operate
successful gaming enterprises, hundreds of tribes have not entered the gaming
industry, and many that have participated operate casinos located far from
population centers. n6 Thus, the economic benefits of gaming are not universally
distributed  [*287]  throughout Indian Country. For example, the unemployment
rate still hovers around fifty percent for Indians who live on reservations,
nearly ten times that for the nation as a whole. More than one third of American
Indian children live in poverty. n7

   Because small business drives much of the U.S. economy, an increase in
small-business activity is a rational step towards improving employment levels
and other aspects of reservation economies. Even when Indian Country businesses
succeed initially, however, lack of access to expansion capital, particularly
equity capital, severely constrains their ability to grow and create jobs. The
following two examples illustrate the problem.

   Native American Natural Foods of Kyle, South Dakota, started small but grew
exponentially before running into significant capacity constraints. Its primary
product, the Tanka Bar, is a bison meat and cranberry energy bar based on the
traditional Lakota recipe for wasna. n8 Tanka bars are so popular that stores
across the country cannot keep them on the shelves. n9 Demand for the Tanka Bar
increased so rapidly that the company's founders, Mark Tilsen and Karlene
Hunter, quickly ran into production capacity constraints. The day I visited the
headquarters of Native American Natural Foods in June of 2008 was the same day
that Regis Philbin ate a Tanka Bar on live television. n10 Within hours, the
company sold nearly an entire month's worth of production.

   The philosophy behind the Tanka Bar is multifaceted. Its creators aim for
economic development for the Lakota Pine Ridge Reservation, restoration of
traditional diet to Native American lives, assistance to bison ranchers looking
for meat markets, and a brand name to become a household name, opening the way
for Native American Natural Foods' future endeavors. n11 While numerous
opportunities exist for national  [*288]  distribution, the Tanka Bar operation
lacks adequate production capacity and cannot produce enough bars to meet
existing demand. n12

   Another initially successful Indian Country business that desperately needs
an equity infusion in order to expand is Sister Sky, a bath and body products
business created by sisters Monica Simeon and Marina TurningRobe. n13 The
company sells bath and body products to hotels at tribal gaming resorts and
operates an online products site. n14 Founded in 1998, Sister Sky's revenue in
2007 was over $ 550,000, up from $ 225,000 in 2006. n15 Given its initial
success, Sister Sky would like to expand into retail with specialty shops in
casino resorts. n16

   Manufacturing and logistics, however, are two of Sister Sky's greatest
challenges. n17 The company quickly outgrew its $ 100,000 production line on the
Spokane Reservation in Washington State, and although it might be able to
self-finance a new headquarters in about five years, current capacity
constraints severely hinder its ability to grow and create new jobs. n18

   Sister Sky and Native American Natural Foods are just two examples of solid,
well-run Indian Country businesses that are starving for private equity to meet
their expansion needs. A logical source for the capital necessary to increase
small business activity in Indian Country would seem to be the small number of
tribes that have reaped significant profits from Indian gaming. Many of those
wealthier tribes feel an obligation to invest back into the poorer areas of
Indian Country. Historically, the only mechanism for deploying this capital has
been through direct investment. Many tribal councils, however, have neither the
necessary experience to appropriately evaluate such investments nor the time to
thoroughly examine numerous direct investment opportunities. Furthermore, direct
investment by only a handful of wealthy tribes would not solve the overall
private-equity gap in Indian Country.

    [*289]  The logical alternative is for tribes to deploy equity capital in
the same way as other wealthy individuals or corporations: investing in a
private-equity or venture-capital fund where financial professionals can
evaluate various businesses and select the best opportunities in order to
maximize investment returns. Such funds, which include venture-capital funds,
provide financing for early-and late-stage private companies. These funds raise
their capital from "third-party investors seeking high returns based on both the
risk profiles of the companies and the near-term illiquidity of these
investments." n19 Unfortunately, wealthy tribes have not been able to
participate in private-equity investing because, under Regulation D ("Reg D") of
the Securities Act of 1933, n20 Indian tribes are not included in the list of
"accredited investors." n21

    [*290]  Reg D specifies rules governing the sale of securities by private
companies and exemptions from federal and state securities registration
requirements. Small Business Investment Companies ("SBICs") and other small
private-equity firms regularly avail themselves of the so-called "Reg D
exemption." While there are a number of pathways through which a private-equity
firm can avail itself of this filing exemption, as a practical business matter,
the pathway most successfully followed is to offer securities only to accredited
investors.

   Rule 501(a) of Reg D defines who is or is not an "accredited investor" within
the meaning of the Reg D exemption. Private-equity funds strongly prefer to sell
securities to accredited investors to assure that the companies completely
comply with Federal and State securities laws. n22 While Reg D permits a private
company to sell its securities to categories of investors other than accredited
ones, these alternative scenarios create significant legal complexities and
business risks that increase the costs of raising capital (for example, risk
premiums paid to investors, as well as much higher legal fees, and the increased
costs associated with the preparation of more detailed disclosure documents).
n23

   Generally, securities lawyers advise startup private-equity funds to restrict
the sale of securities (that is, raise their "blind pool" of capital) to
accredited investors, given the high-risk nature  [*291]  of equity investments.
n24 The result of such a restriction is that any private investment firm raising
its capital from non-accredited investors will pay higher costs for these funds.
n25

   While some of the current federal regulations and policies that harm tribal
economies are a result of overt hostility towards tribes, n26 this Article
suggests that the exclusion of tribes from the category of accredited investors
results from mere oversight, or "benign neglect." Nevertheless, the impact of
this benign neglect has been devastating. According to the U.S. Treasury
Department, the equity investment gap in Indian Country is $ 44 billion, and
private enterprise in Indian Country needs that capital. n27 As described above,
however, federal regulations and policies effectively bar the tribes that would
be the primary candidates to help remedy this situation.

   It is also logical to assume that the lack of tribal investment in Indian
Country's emerging economy creates some degree of hesitation among non-Indian
investors. As such, private enterprise in Indian Country is unable to get past
the tipping point created by the exclusion of tribal investment capital and the
concomitant reluctance of non-Indian investment capital.

   I encountered this tipping point first-hand in 2005 when I joined the board
of Native American Capital, the first ever native-owned, Indian-Country-focused,
private-equity fund. The tribes wanted to follow Wall Street's lead as they
began to explore private equity. Cognizant of the handful of wealthy tribes,
Wall Street repeatedly asked, "Where is the tribal investment?" Even after the
wealthier tribes began to consider making the first move into private equity,
they ran into the Reg D hurdle, and Wall Street continued to ask "where are the
tribes?"

   The end result was a typical "catch 22." Wealthier tribes were prevented from
investing in private-equity funds, even if those funds had an Indian Country
focus, and poorer tribes were unable to tap into private equity, in part,
because Wall  [*292]  Street looks to the wealthier tribes as the logical first
movers for Indian Country investment. n28

   Surprisingly, the regulatory change that could potentially push Indian
Country past this private-equity tipping point was simple and straightforward:
amend Rule 501 of Reg D to include federally recognized Indian Tribes and their
instrumentalities as accredited investors. The challenge, however, was to get
such a proposed rule change on the Security and Exchange Commission's ("SEC")
agenda. My colleagues and I at Native American Capital developed and submitted a
position paper to the SEC in 2006. n29 We also began discussions with the SEC on
the issue n30 and alerted the National Congress of American Indians ("NCAI") to
the need for a change. NCAI then asked me to draft a "Red Paper," n31 based in
part on our original position paper, for presentation at the National Native
American Economic Summit ("Summit") in Phoenix, Arizona in May 2007. This
Article is the final written evolution of those prior efforts on the Reg D
issue.

   The intention of the Summit was to set the Bush Administration's Indian
Country agenda for its final two years. Not surprisingly, proposals that were
revenue neutral or, better yet, revenue enhancing, were of particular interest.
Augmenting the position paper with an economic model showing that amending Rule
501 would actually be revenue enhancing, our proposal made it to the short list
of recommendations. n32

   In part because we had already laid the groundwork, the SEC quickly responded
to the Summit recommendation by incorporating our proposal into a larger set of
amendments to Reg D. n33 The comment period closed on October 9, 2007, with no
opposition to the inclusion of tribes as accredited investors.

    [*293]  While legal scholars always hope that their work will influence
policy and make a difference in the world, this Article is unique in that it
substantially contributed to a significant policy change while still in working
paper form. This expanded version recounts the substance of the policy and
economic arguments that my colleagues and I made, while also providing some
additional background and context.

   Part I of this Article makes the argument for viewing Indian Country as an
emerging market, detailing the challenges that both tribes and tribal members
face when seeking to access the capital market, either for debt or for equity.
For those readers unfamiliar with federal Indian law and policy, Part II of this
Article discusses the nature of Indian tribes and their relationship to the
federal government, highlighting the origins of federal Indian policy. Part III
focuses on economic development as one particular aspect of that policy and
examines the process of business formation in Indian Country, including the role
of Community Development Financial Institutions ("CDFIs") in the initial startup
phase of entrepreneurial development. Part III also examines private equity's
potential role in providing expansion capital for Indian Country businesses.
This Part concludes by detailing the interplay between private equity and the
securities laws, focusing also on the history of the accredited investor
standard. Part IV presents the various policy and economic rationales for
treating tribes as accredited investors that ultimately succeeded in bringing
about the desired policy change. The Article concludes with a brief exploration
of related topics for future research.

   I. Indian Country as an Emerging Market

 The socio-economic challenges that often burden tribal communities include low
educational achievement, n34 high poverty, n35 and low per capita income. n36 As
mentioned earlier, the  [*294]  unemployment rate hovers around fifty percent
for Indians who live on reservations, nearly ten times that for the nation as a
whole, and thirty-four percent of American Indian children live in poverty. n37

   For many tribes, the only sources of capital to address these problems are
limited to grants and other assistance from the federal government. Such funds
are often insufficient, however, to address the myriad responsibilities facing
tribal governments.

   Gaming activity does not provide sufficient funds to meet the needs of all
tribal governments. As Elsie Meeks, Executive Director of First Nations Oweesta
Corporation, stated before the Senate Indian Affairs committee:



   Many Americans seem to assume that Indian gaming has "solved' the problems
created by poverty in Native communities. However, ... gaming has been a boon to
only a small number of tribes and many Native people, regardless of income,
still lack the basic resources to protect their financial future (even if their
governments own profitable enterprises). n38

 All too many tribal governments lack the ability to provide the basic
infrastructure most U.S. citizens take for granted, such as passable roadways,
affordable housing, and the plumbing, electricity, and telephone services that
come with a modern home. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, approximately
twenty percent of American Indian households on reservations lack complete
plumbing facilities, compared to one percent of all U.S. households. n39 "About
1 in 5 American Indian reservation households dispose[] of sewage by means other
than public sewer, septic tank, or cesspool." n40 The Navajo reservation is the
same size as West Virginia, yet it only has 2000 miles of paved roads while West
Virginia has 18,000  [*295]  miles. n41 Investors and employers, even in the
most distressed inner cities of the United States, take roads, telephones,
electricity, and the like for granted. The absence of such basic infrastructure
from large portions of Indian Country poses a daunting barrier to tribal
leaders' attempts to attract new private-sector investment and jobs.

   Such realities highlight the importance of stimulating economic development
to create economic opportunity for tribal members. Many scholars, investors, and
tribal officials charged with developing Indian Country economies are well aware
that access to capital for tribes and individual Indian entrepreneurs is a
significant and pressing problem. The unanswered question is one of capital
formation: How do Indian Country businesses obtain the necessary capital? The
best solution would be to access the capital markets in the same way that
non-Indian businesses do, by financing their own economic activities. As this
Article will demonstrate, however, severe impediments to a level playing field
continue to plague Indian Country.

   Although the primary focus of this Article is increasing the flow of equity
financing into Indian Country, an examination of the challenges associated with
debt financing is certainly relevant. The next two Sections examine those
challenges. Section A considers the challenges faced by tribes that wish to
issue bonds, and Section B reviews the problems encountered by individual tribal
members who attempt to access bank debt. Sections C and D then examine more
fully the challenges associated with equity capital in Indian Country and the
concomitant impact of the $ 44 billion private-equity gap.

   A. Tribal Bond Challenges

 If tribal governments were to issue economic development bonds, such bonds
would benefit businesses on their reservations both directly and indirectly. In
an earlier article, Tribal Bonds, n42 I pointed out, however, that the Tax Code
facially discriminates against tribes and makes such bonding impossible. In
addition to highlighting the inability of tribes to issue economic development
bonds, Tribal Bonds pointed out that more than $ 50 billion of infrastructure
needs go unmet each year in  [*296]  Indian Country. n43 These needs occur in
such vital sectors as transportation, community facilities, housing, and
enterprise development due, in part, to the restrictions imposed on tribal
access to the capital markets, specifically the inability of tribal governments
to issue tax-exempt debt on the same basis as other governments. Section 7871 of
the Internal Revenue Code restricts tribal tax-free bond proceeds to "essential
governmental functions," a restriction not applicable to state and municipal
bonds. n44 Section 7871(e) "further limits the scope of available tax-exempt
bonding to activities "customarily performed by State and local governments with
general taxing powers' without providing any guidance as to when a particular
activity becomes "customary' for a non-tribal government." n45

   Tribal Bonds also detailed how these restrictions have severely limited
tribal ability to access the capital markets. Although American Indians make up
more than 1.5 percent of the population, tribes issued less than 0.1 percent of
the tax-exempt bonds between 2002 and 2004. These restrictions harm the poorer
tribes the most, as the difference between tax-exempt and taxable interest rates
often determines the feasibility of a project. Without access to tax-exempt
rates, poorer tribes simply cannot afford the debt service required to address
glaring economic and infrastructure deficiencies.

   Tribal governments are also victims of a disproportionate number of
enforcement actions by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). n46 The IRS audits
less than one percent of the tax-exempt municipal offerings each year, but it
audits direct tribal tax-exempt issuances within four years of issue thirty
times more frequently than tax-exempt issuances of cities and states. n47 In
addition, the IRS challenged one hundred percent of tribal conduit issuances.
n48 The ambiguity of the statute has led to a number of IRS enforcement actions
that simply would not have happened had the issuer not been a tribe. In each of
these cases, the activities were substantially similar to activities previously
financed by state and local governments without any challenge from the IRS.
Based on my research, I have argued that tribal governments should have the same
tax-  [*297]  exempt bonding authority as their state and local counterparts and
that expansion of tribal bonding authority would increase federal revenues.
Fortunately, as with this Article, that body of research has had some impact.
Following the presentation of the research to the Senate Finance Committee n49
and the subsequent publication of Tribal Bonds, n50 the 110th Congress
introduced legislation n51 to remedy these restrictions.

   B. Tribal Member Debt Financing Challenges

 As daunting as the challenges seem for tribal entities to obtain debt
financing, those same challenges are even greater for individual tribal members
who wish to obtain debt financing for their entrepreneurial ventures. The Native
American Lending Study ("Lending Study") conducted by the U.S. Treasury
Department found that eighty-six percent of Indian Country communities do not
have a single financial institution. Members of fifteen percent of Indian
Country communities must travel more than one hundred miles to reach a bank or
ATM. n52 Additionally, half of the financial institutions providing service to
Indian Country only provide ATMs and personal consumer loans, not business
loans. n53

   Many banks are skeptical of doing business in Indian Country because they
believe they will not be able to enforce contracts made with tribes and members
and will instead lose their money. n54 For example, of the financial
institutions that are not tribally affiliated but are accessible to
reservations, sixty-six percent do not offer start-up business loans on or near
the reservations. n55 Seventy-four percent do not offer business  [*298]
microloans, seventy-one percent do not offer small business loans, and eighty
percent do not offer larger business loans. n56

   The lack of adequate financial institutions poses a significant challenge for
Indian Country businesses when they seek funding. The Lending Study included a
financial survey, and more than sixty percent of survey respondents stated that
business loans were either "difficult" (thirty-seven percent) or "impossible"
(twenty-four percent) to obtain. n57 The level of difficulty increased for
business loans over $ 100,000, with nearly seventy percent rating such loans as
difficult or impossible to obtain. n58 Such difficulty may be due, in part, to
the fact that "low levels of home-ownership deny [tribal members] the most
common form of collateral to obtain loans for purchases or small-business
startups." n59 In fact, as of 1999, there were only 471 home mortgages
throughout Indian Country. n60 The Lending Study also found that most tribal
members "wishing to start a business, purchase a home, or make another large
purchase are often not able to qualify for the loans that they need." n61

   C. Indian Country's Equity Investment Gap

 In addition to the Lending Study, the Treasury Department also commissioned a
companion study to examine private equity in Indian Country ("Equity Study").
n62 The Equity Study estimated that Indian Country has $ 10 billion in equity
capital, n63 which is only 0.03% of U.S. total equity. n64 Given the current
economic conditions in Indian Country, which are substantially below average for
the United States as a whole, Indian Country faces at least a $ 10 billion
equity investment  [*299]  gap. n65 The gap between the current Indian Country
equity level and the level that should exist based on Indian Country's size
relative to the entire United States is $ 44 billion. n66

   This huge private-equity gap will not be filled until additional
private-equity sources are brought to bear, but most venture capitalists and
angel investors are either unaware of or unwilling to travel to examine Indian
Country venture opportunities.

   The Equity Study also found that angel investors and venture capitalists
strongly prefer to invest locally. n67 Approximately thirty percent of venture
capital investments are in the same metropolitan area as a venture capitalist's
office, with some venture capitalists requiring that funded firms relocate
closer to the venture capitalist's office as a condition of funding. n68 The
Equity Study also highlighted how Indian Country is at a disadvantage in terms
of access to professional networks that are critical to accessing private
equity:



   Both business angels and venture capitalists obtain their deal flow through a
network of trusted sources, most or all of whom are local. They tend to also be
networks of people who move in the same circles. As "Eric Schmidt, CEO of Novell
confirms, [it] is a myth that anyone can raise venture capital without the right
contacts, "Yeah, right - anybody can raise capital for an Internet company if
they know the same guys that I do.'" Native Americans residing in Indian Country
are not usually plugged in to these networks because of distance and operating
in different social and business groups. The next best way to approach potential
investors is through a deal-structurer or matchmaker who is trusted by both
sides. But, again, Indian Country business people may not know these sources
either for the same reasons. Investors do make some investments from "over the
transom' or from people previously unknown to them. But  [*300]  these have to
be extraordinary opportunities to catch their eye and account for less than 5%
of total venture funding. n69

 The concentration of venture capital is high and is located far away from
Indian Country. The Equity Study found that firms in the ten states with the
greatest Native American populations often had less than one percent of venture
capital available.

   Although the third-world economic conditions in most of Indian Country
present daunting challenges, the economic opportunities in Indian Country
suggest that investment in Indian Country's emerging market could yield
significant returns. While private-equity investment is the least-used form of
financing in Indian Country, as the next Section demonstrates, Indian Country is
one of the more promising domestic emerging markets.

   D. The Economic Importance of Indian Country

 Indian Country's



   population has grown 50% faster than the U.S. population overall over the
last five years and is expected to grow at double the U.S. rate by the year
2035. Native American-owned businesses proliferate at seven times the growth
rate of all firms in the U.S. and grow sales at more than double the U.S. rate.
Native American-owned business revenues grew up to 55% a year from 1987-1992 and
are expected to continue to grow at healthy double digit rates. n70

 Indian Country's buying power may almost double in the next decade.

   During the 1990s, virtually all job growth in the United States came from
small business. n71 Indian Country's rapid economic expansion contrasts with the
much slower annual growth rate of five to ten percent for all U.S. businesses,
reinforcing the importance of Native American businesses as an engine of growth.
n72 As historical sources of U.S. economic growth become less important, it will
be increasingly critical to the growth of the overall U.S. economy to stimulate
domestic  [*301]  emerging markets. Indian Country is one of those domestic
emerging markets that collectively will serve as new engines of U.S. economic
growth.

   American Indians' buying power was estimated at $ 35 billion in 2001. n73
Given that half of all Indians live off-reservation, the Treasury Department
estimates that Indian Country's buying power is approximately $ 17 billion. n74
The same study estimated that revenue from Indian Country businesses and trust
assets is approximately $ 25 billion. n75 An additional $ 9 billion in revenue
comes from the federal government, resulting in $ 34 billion in total Indian
Country revenue. n76

   According to the Treasury Department, bridging the first $ 10 billion of the
equity investment gap would produce an additional $ 16 billion in gross domestic
product ("GDP") for Indian Country, increasing it by seventy-six percent. n77
With sufficient equity investment to close the gap, this GDP increase would
occur over fifteen to twenty years. n78

   Additional GDP would provide an estimated $ 10,000 increase in per capita
income. Such an increase would bridge the roughly $ 9000 per person gap in
income between American Indians and the U.S. average, lifting more people in
Indian Country out of poverty. n79

   Bridging the equity gap should also create or retain roughly 600,000 jobs
over the next fifteen to twenty years. This improvement would more than double
the current level of employment in Indian Country and would employ the growing
Indian Country workforce over the next fifteen to twenty years at a level
comparable to the United States overall. n80

   The Treasury Department estimates that if equity capital investment in Indian
Country were increased to a level comparable to the rest of the United States,
the GDP benefit would increase fourfold. n81

[*302]

   II. A Brief History of Tribal Law and Policy n82

 The notions that led to the various restrictions on tribal economic
development, including tribes' omission from the list of accredited investors,
are not new. In fact, they trace back to the origins of the United States
itself. In Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, n83 the first Supreme Court opinion
involving an American Indian tribe, n84 Chief Justice Marshall wrote "the
relation of the Indians to the United States is marked by peculiar and cardinal
distinctions which exist nowhere else." n85 A half century later, the Supreme
Court opined that the "relation of the Indian tribes living within the borders
of the United States, both before and since the Revolution, to the people of the
United States has always been an anomalous one and of a complex character." n86
Even today, Supreme Court justices find that "federal Indian policy is, to say
the least, schizophrenic. And this confusion continues to infuse federal Indian
law and our cases." n87 The concept that so confounds both Congress and the
courts is that, on one hand, Indian tribes are separate sovereigns, "domestic
dependent nations," n88 that are ensconced as a "third sovereign" n89 in the
federal framework. On the other hand, Congress has plenary authority over Indian
tribes. n90

   The acknowledged existence of tribal sovereignty, however, has served to
balance the exercise of that plenary authority. While each tribe has its own
separate history, the struggle to  [*303]  maintain a separate sovereign
existence is common to most tribes. The economic importance of that struggle
cannot be overstated, particularly in the modern context, as the "first key to
economic development is sovereignty." n91 Thus, it is important to review the
origins of the federal Indian law and policy before addressing the modern
context.

   Despite rhetoric to the contrary, n92 practical realities clearly shaped the
early legal relations between the Indians and colonists. n93 The necessity of
getting along with powerful and militarily capable Indian tribes dictated that
the settlers seek Indian consent to settle if they wished to live in peace and
safety, buying lands that the Indians were willing to sell rather than
displacing them by other methods. n94 As a result, the English colonial
governments purchased most of the lands from the Indians. n95 For all practical
purposes, during this period "the Indians were treated as sovereigns possessing
full ownership rights to the lands of America." n96

   As the newly formed United States began its inexorable march westward,
Indians gave up their lands not by force but by treaty in return for, among
other things, the establishment of a trust relationship, n97 often in specific
consideration for the  [*304]  Indians' cession of their land. n98 It is
important to note that the federal government enacted these treaties as a
government-to-government relationship between the United States and the tribes,
as collective political entities. n99 From the beginning of its political
existence, therefore, the United States "recognized a measure of autonomy in the
Indian bands and tribes. Treaties rested upon a concept of Indian sovereignty
... and in turn greatly contributed to that concept." n100 Therefore, up through
the 1870s, the United States explicitly and repeatedly recognized tribal
sovereignty through treaty making as tribes agreed either to remove to the west
of the Mississippi or to cede portions of their ancestral homeland in the face
of advancing settlement. n101

   While the formal existence of the United States began at a point in time when
the prevailing policy recognized tribal sovereignty through the treaty-making
process, such an orientation was not permanent. Once most tribes had either been
removed west of the Mississippi River or confined to significantly diminished
reservation lands, responsibility for Indian affairs, along with the authority
to negotiate on a government-to-government basis with the tribes, moved from the
War Department to the Interior Department. n102 Treaties still had to be
ratified, and funded, by Congress. In the 1870s, however, Congress ceased making
treaties with the Indians n103 and instead  [*305]  developed a policy of
allotting tribal lands to individual Indians, n104 characterizing the allotment
program as a "mighty pulverizing engine" n105 that would destroy tribalism and
force Indians to assimilate into dominant society as individuals. n106

   If the policy objective of the Allotment Act was to improve the lives of the
Indians, it was a colossal failure. By the 1930s, it was clear that the United
States needed to change its stance on tribal sovereignty again, n107 and
Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934 ("IRA"). n108 In an effort
to reinforce tribal sovereignty, the legislation allowed tribes to adopt
constitutions and to reestablish structures for governance.

   Of particular interest was the provision in the IRA that allowed tribes to
form corporations. While securities law reform was happening simultaneously, it
appears that those involved in the IRA had little or no substantive interaction
with those involved in the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. n109

   Post-IRA federal treatment of the tribes was less restrictive, allowing for
the popular election of tribal leaders according  [*306]  to tribal laws and
constitutions. n110 Although Congressional policy had completely reversed itself
by 1934 - tribal sovereignty was now to be encouraged rather than destroyed -
federal Indian policy oscillated through one more cycle in the next half century
n111 before President Nixon issued a landmark statement calling for a new
federal policy of "self-determ-ination" for Indian nations. n112 By
"self-determination," President Nixon sought "to strengthen the Indian's sense
of autonomy without threatening his sense of community." n113 Self-determination
n114 led to an increase in economic development activity, but access to capital
remained an impediment. n115 President Reagan also made an American Indian
policy statement on January 24, 1983, declaring his support for "self
determination." n116 In attempting to give definition to "self-determination,"
he said:



   Instead of fostering and encouraging self-government, federal policies have,
by and large, inhibited the political and  [*307]  economic development of the
tribes. Excessive regulation and self-perpetuating bureaucracy have stifled
local decision making, thwarted Indian control of Indian resources and promoted
dependency rather than self-sufficiency. n117

 In 1983, President Reagan established the Presidential Commission on Indian
Reservation Economies. In 1984, the Commission published its Report and
Recommendations, again calling for a major shift in federal Indian policy. n118
The Commission promulgated recommendations in the following five categories:
Development Framework, Capital Formation, Business Development, Labor Markets,
and Development Incentives. n119 Pertinent to the instant inquiry, under Capital
Formation, the Commission recommended privatizing tribal enter-prise ownership
and management, amending the Securities Act of 1933 to place tribes on the same
footing as state and local governments, amending the Tribal Tax Status Act to
provide tribes with the same tax exemptions as state and local governments,
establishing an Indian Venture Capital Fund, amending the Indian Loan Guaranty
Fund and the Indian Finance Act to minimize the role of the BIA, and encouraging
the private sector to invest in Indian country. n120

   Although some scholars resist the notion that tribes should change in order
to participate in the modern capitalist economy, n121 tribes have adapted to
their environments for millennia,  [*308]  and the arrival of Europeans did not
diminish that adaptiveness. In fact, many tribes pride themselves on their
ability to adapt: the Navajos developed a thriving weaving industry using wool
from sheep brought over by Europeans; the Plains Indians incorporated European
horses into their culture; and the Choctaw claim that if the Europeans had
brought aluminum foil with them, Choctaws would have been cooking with it while
the other tribes were still regarding it with suspicion. n122

   The evidence from the last century of tribal economic development indicates
that Indian Country can and must compete within the larger capitalist
environment, and given a level playing field, they can thrive. With the
competitive landscape stacked against Indian Country, however, those impediments
are highly suspect if they continue to exist with little or no legitimate
purpose, given that they suppress tribal economic development and curtail Indian
Country's access to capital.

   III. Business Formation in Indian Country

 One area where Indian Country must compete is community economic development,
which enables community members to rise out of poverty through the establishment
of a stable economy, with small businesses, new jobs, and an entire system
structured to support its people. Community economic development has the dual
mission of causing positive social impact and achieving financial objectives.
The social goal is to achieve financial self-sufficiency for as many in the
lowest income population as possible by bringing greater access to financial
services. n123 Community economic development can take many forms, but in Indian
Country, the first step is often microfinance. Section A introduces the most
common source of microfinance lending in Indian Country, the Community
Development  [*309]  Financial Institution, or CDFI. Section B then provides
some examples of CDFI investments. Microfinance can only take startup
enterprises so far, however, and the next level of capital access is usually
lacking in Indian Country. Section C describes equity funds, which are often the
best source of expansion capital. As mentioned earlier, however, federal
securities laws, discussed in Section D, generally preclude tribes from
investing in such funds.

   A. CDFIs as Catalysts for Business Formation

 One of the main ways for communities to develop their economies is through the
creation of local community lending funds in the form of CDFIs. In 1994 the
Reigle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 created the
CDFI Fund. n124 The CDFI Fund is a wholly-owned governmental corporation that
uses the CDFIs as an avenue to promote economic revitalization and community
development. n125 Its mission is to "increase the capacity of financial
institutions to provide capital, credit, and financial services in underserved
markets," through investment in and assistance to CDFIs. n126 The CDFI Fund's
creation resulted in a dramatic growth in CDFIs in the 1990s. n127

   Since 2001, Indian tribes have been part of the target market for CDFI Fund
assistance. n128 In its Native American Lending Study published in 2001, the
CDFI Fund investigated barriers to lending and investment in tribes. n129 The
findings led the Fund to create programs and to help tribes build more native
CDFIs ("NCDFIs") n130 as well as support those NCDFIs  [*310]  that already
existed. n131 As of June 2004, the CDFI Fund had certified twenty-eight emerging
or existing NCDFIs. n132 The Fund believed that the increase in number of CDFI
institutions and the building of CDFIs' capacity were critical to improving
business development in native communities around the United States. n133 In
fact, some labeled CDFIs as anchor institutions in Indian economic development.
n134 NCDFIs deliver high-quality, culturally relevant business development
training and technical assistance to Native Americans who wish to create and
build businesses on their reservations. n135

   Another entity, the CDFI intermediary, is often critical to the development
and growth of CDFIs in many sectors. First Nations Oweesta Corporation, an
affiliate of First Nations Development Institute, is the first and only NCDFI
intermediary in the United States. Its mission is "to enhance the capacity of
Native tribes, communities, and peoples to access, control, create, leverage,
utilize, and retain financial assets; and to provide appropriate financial
capital for Native development efforts." n136 By assisting in the creation of
native-based institutions that work directly with community members, Oweesta has
helped develop alternative financing access for native entrepreneurs,
homebuyers, and tribal businesses since the mid-1980s. n137

    [*311]  While Oweesta does not yet offer loans directly to entrepreneurs,
the organization enables tribes to prepare their nations to receive funding and
assists individuals in investing in native economic development. The corporation
researches barriers to native control of access to financial assets and promotes
a policy favoring asset building in native communities. n138

   Oweesta's primary focus is on the creation of NCDFIs. n139 In 1999, only two
NCDFIs existed in the United States; by 2006 the number was up to thirty-nine.
n140 Oweesta empowers tribes to develop their economies by educating members,
giving presentations to tribal councils, and training tribal citizens in
economic development. n141 Tribes are at different stages in their development,
and Oweesta offers individualized support to each tribe seeking help. n142

   The Oweesta Collaborative ("OC") is one of Oweesta's programs. Made up of
nine partners, the project encompasses an entrepreneurship development system
for the growth of private business on three Indian reservations - the Pine
Ridge, Wind River, and Cheyenne River Indian Reservations. n143 The OC project
uses both volunteer and paid professional service providers, coaches, and
mentors to answer questions and personally assist native entrepreneurs with
one-on-one business advice. n144

   B. Examples of CDFI Activity in Indian Country

 The Lakota Fund is a NCDFI for the Oglala Lakota Nation in South Dakota. n145
Located on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, the Lakota Fund began in 1986 and
loaned over  [*312]  $ 1,000,000 to nearly 300 tribal members for small business
and micro-enterprise development. n146 Lakota Red Nation, owned by artist Kelly
Looking Horse, is one such business. n147 Looking Horse, a drum-making
specialist, began with a $ 500 loan from the Lakota Fund in 1999 to help
establish good credit. n148 From there, he borrowed other small loans, repaying
each one before borrowing the next, with the biggest being $ 5000 in 2006. n149
Looking Horse hopes to one day build a studio and crafts cooperative, but these
businesses will require a much bigger loan. n150

   In another example, the Four Bands Community Fund ("FBCF") began in April
2000 with the mission to enable entrepreneurs on the Cheyenne River Indian
Reservation. n151 The fund offers training, business incubation, and access to
capital, all to build and strengthen reservation-based businesses. n152 JTR
Trips is one such business. Three siblings purchased this sporting goods store
in Eagle Butte, South Dakota, with the help of the FBCF, as well as the Small
Business Administration, Small Business Development Center, and American State
Bank in Pierre, South Dakota. n153 Without this assistance, the business might
have been moved out of the community. n154

   Eagle Eye Espresso and Tanning, owned by Trina Lends His Horse, used the FBCF
assistance to purchase a cash register and inventory. n155 Opening in 2006,
Eagle Eye is a drive-up shop offering drinks, food, and a stand-up tanning
booth. n156 Business has been quite successful, and Lends His Horse is
considering a future business expansion. n157

    [*313]  The Wind River Development Fund ("WRDF") provides entrepreneurs and
businesses on the Wind River Indian Reservation with small business training,
counseling, and loans. n158 NATCO, Inc. is one of the businesses aided by the
Fund. Floyd Addison, owner and operator, borrowed money from WRDF to purchase a
new truck for his business. n159 With his truck and his business acumen, Addison
landed a subcontract for a large highway construction project. His business has
grown into eleven full-time jobs. n160

   Heyteyneytah, Inc. is another WRDF success story. Stan Addison developed a
unique horse-breaking method that does not use force and can be used from his
wheelchair. n161 With a small business loan from the Fund, Addison was able to
rebuild some of his corrals. He now employs two full-time and ten part-time
employees. n162

   Each of these businesses received essential supportive services - monetary
and technical - from the NCDFIs. Small loans are vital for starting and building
these native enterprises. When the businesses thrive and outgrow themselves
though, entrepreneurs need bigger funding sources to enable them to expand their
organizations according to demand.

   Several NCDFIs have made a tremendous difference in their local communities,
but their capacity for providing expansion capital is limited. Successful Indian
Country businesses cannot rely solely on CDFIs to increase their businesses, and
often bank financing is either unavailable or not appropriate for business
expansion. n163 In such instances, businesses need infusions of equity in order
to expand.

   C. The Role of Private Equity in Business Development

 An investment fund is "a business entity whose only important asset is its
capital and whose primary business purpose  [*314]  is to acquire securities or
other assets in the hope that they will appreciate." n164 Such a fund is an
independently managed, "dedicated pool[] of capital" focused on equity
investment in privately-held companies expecting high growth. n165 A
private-equity fund is one type of investment fund. n166 Private-equity funds
are usually organized as a private partnership or closely held corporation. n167

   Before a private-equity fund invests in a company, careful due diligence is
done. n168 Investors play a role in screening, financing, and overseeing the
companies in which they invest. n169 Often they are actively involved in the
company as a board member. n170

   A private-equity fund has a predetermined lifespan n171 with the intent to
complete an investment cycle in ten to thirteen years. n172 For the first five
years, money is invested in the company; then it is monitored for several years.
n173 Three to seven years after the original investment, the resulting
investment is sold. n174 Nearly all venture funds are crafted this way, designed
to be self liquidating and end in dissolution. n175

   Private-equity funds generally raise capital from a limited number of
sophisticated investors in a "private placement," n176 which is a form of
securities offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.
Profits are then split among the professionals administering the private-equity
fund and the capital investors. n177

[*315]

   D. Relevant Federal Securities Laws

 One main characteristic of private-equity funds is their lack of regulation
under federal securities laws. n178 Because they opt for investment in private
equity and not publicly traded securities, private-equity firms can avoid most
of the costly regulations of federal laws n179 by structuring their activities
to fall within the scope of Reg D. n180 Thus these companies want to sell
securities only to accredited investors because only then are they assured of
being in complete compliance with the securities laws. n181 In contrast, selling
to non-accredited investors creates "significant legal complexities and business
risks which increase the costs of raising capital." n182 Hence, accredited
investor status is the desired category for private-equity firm participation.

   The notion of accredited investor is not new, as the current regime of
securities regulation in the United States has its origins in the legislative
aftermath of the stock market crash of 1929. Though many states had securities
laws in effect at the time of the crash, these proved ineffective against the
empty promises made by sellers of securities to unsuspecting investors. n183 Of
the $ 50 billion in new securities offered in the 1920s, an estimated half - $
25 billion - was lost. n184

   In response to the shattered market, Congress drew together what became the
Securities Act of 1933. The purpose of a new federal securities law, declared
Representative Sam Rayburn of Texas, was "to place the owners of securities on a
parity, so far as is possible, with the management of the corporations, and to
place the buyer on the same plane so far as available information is concerned,
with the seller." n185

    [*316]  To accomplish this overarching purpose, legislators drafted the
securities law with two objectives in mind: to provide investors with financial
and other material information about the securities being offered for sale and
about the sellers of those securities, and to prohibit deceit,
misrepresentation, and other fraud in the sales of securities. n186 By requiring
the provision of the information, the lawmakers believed investors would be
safer. According to Representative Mapes of Michigan, the Securities Act "will
make available to the public the information upon which the public is asked to
invest its money." n187

   When considering what types of securities to regulate, Congress determined
that some types did not require regulation under the new law. For example,
lawmakers perceived "no practical need" for the application of the Securities
Act to governmentally issued securities. n188 Governmental bonds were considered
sound, and therefore, to avoid unnecessary interference with the course of
business, Congress exempted them from the securities law. n189 In the lawmakers'
opinion, the government's securities did not need Federal Trade Commission
oversight. n190

   During the hearing before the Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce in
the House of Representatives, other non-governmental entities also found
themselves exempt from the new law. n191 Railroad companies, common carriers,
and public utilities already subject to federal regulation or supervision on the
issue of securities were eliminated from the regulation requirements of the new
securities law. n192 Likewise, securities of national banks and Federal Reserve
banks were exempt because they already had adequate supervision. n193

    [*317]  Nearly fifty years later, n194 the federal government would define
these non-governmental exempt organizations as "accredited investors" and place
them under the "safe harbor" of Reg D, added in 1982. n195 Thus, from the very
beginning, federal and state governments and their instrumentalities were exempt
from the securities laws. Indian tribal governments, however, were not exempt
under any category.

   Despite major reform in Indian policy under the IRA n196 occurring
contemporaneously with securities reform, it appears that those involved in the
IRA had little or no substantive interaction with those involved in the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The legislative
history of the Securities Act of 1933 makes no mention of tribal governments as
serious contenders for the list of governmental bodies exempt from federal
securities regulation, nor does it include tribes in the non-governmental groups
that were later to become accredited investors. American Indians did get brief
mention in the discussion of the Act's creation, albeit perversely. During the
discussion in the House about the bill, Representative Sam Rayburn of Texas at
one point expounded on the fortitude and ingenuity of European settlers in
Virginia:



   The first permanent settlement of English-speaking people in Virginia was
accomplished through a joint-stock company. The successors of these early
Colonies, through a series of amazing adventures, have wrested a continent from
the aborigines, have explored and utilized its natural resources until more than
a hundred million people comprise the citizenship of this Republic. The
initiative, self-reliance, inventive genius, organizing ability, and industry of
the people who have occupied this continent have created a national wealth of
some $ 300,000,000,000. n197

  [*318]  Rayburn continued with the theme of defeating the "aborigines" with
another indirect reference, this time presumably to show the importance of the
individual investor: "The conquest of this continent was made by individual
human beings, each pursuing his own happiness in his own way." n198

   IV. The Policy Rationales for Treating Tribes as Accredited Investors

 For a growing number of American Indian-sponsored venture capital and
private-equity firms that are seeking to raise funds from prosperous American
Indian Tribes, the practical effect of tribes being defined as "non-accredited
investors" is to eliminate this important source of funding. Since these
private-equity firms are mission-driven to reinvest their raised capital back
into Indian Country business projects, the net effect of tribes being deemed
non-accredited is to inhibit capital formation and investment in Indian Country.

   A. Wealthier Tribes Should Not Be Excluded from Investment Opportunities that
Are Limited to Accredited Investors

 In general, not being explicitly mentioned in the list of accredited investors
can lead to exclusion from all sorts of investment opportunities, including
private-equity funds. While some tribes are poor and have simple structures,
others are complex agglomerations of tribal government and tribally-owned
non-profits, corporations, and limited liability companies chartered under
tribal, n199 state, n200 or federal n201 law.

   Just like other entities, tribes with growing, substantial investment assets
should have the ability to select from a variety of investment choices to
determine the investment portfolio that best meets their needs. Large,
well-diversified investors have recently generated some of their best investment
returns from private alternative investments such as venture capital,  [*319]
private equity, hedge funds, and private real estate investment trusts, all such
investments requiring accredited investors. n202 Lack of the "accredited
investor" designation excludes tribes from participating in these investment
categories.

   Tribes are unique in that they often embody both governmental and business
elements and thus must consider financial needs over varying time horizons. Some
investments demand short-term liquidity, while other investments are made for
the next seven generations. n203 Many tribes have kept cash not immediately
needed in low-earning but safe investments, such as Treasury bonds and
certificates of deposit. n204 Tribes not diversifying into higher-earning
investment portfolios are not keeping pace with comparable investors. For those
tribes with sufficiently large assets, prudent portfolio diversification would
include privately-placed investments as a component of overall tribal investment
strategy. Based on the discussions that took place at the Economic Summit, a few
wealthy tribes have tens or hundreds of millions of dollars to invest and should
be able to put a reasonable allocation into higher-earning investments that
require accredited investor status, just as other wealthy and institutional
investors do. Those tribes increasingly have hired highly educated finance and
investment staff who, in turn, oversee external financial advisors and
participate in larger and larger deals. n205 In one instance, a tribe was able
to outbid three private-equity funds in a corporate acquisition valued at nearly
$ 1 billion. n206 If tribes can compete for investments sought by funds
requiring accredited investors, then they should also be able to invest in funds
requiring accredited investors.

[*320]

   B. Including Tribes as Accredited Investors Would Enhance Federal Revenues

 Given the high levels of unemployment throughout Indian Country, labor market
constraints do not exist, and thus presently unemployed individuals will likely
fill any jobs created by businesses backed by private-equity investments. Those
individuals will pay income and social security taxes, and their employers will
contribute additional payroll taxes. A sound economic model should clearly
demonstrate the positive federal revenue impact of the increased economic
activity if tribes are allowed to deploy capital as accredited investors via
private-equity funds. Such a finding would still hold even without factoring in
the reduction in welfare transfer payments that result from increased employment
and increased per capita income.

   Conversely, maintaining the current exclusion of tribes from accredited
investor status has a negative impact on federal tax revenues. Since these
restrictions keep otherwise viable businesses from being funded with private
equity, the federal treasury is missing tax revenues that would otherwise be
generated in the absence of these restrictions. Sound fiscal logic and the
obvious policy imperative strongly suggested that the SEC should amend Reg D to
include tribes.

   As an illustration, consider a fictional golf course that an Indian Country
entrepreneur would like to develop. n207 If the entrepreneur can raise $ 5
million to develop the golf course, the ongoing operations will generate more
than $ 200,000 per year in federal income taxes from employees. The positive
federal revenue impact would be even greater if the increased level of
employment also resulted in a reduction in welfare transfer payments.

   The entrepreneur has two basic choices: debt or equity. Non-mortgage bank
debt typically requires repayment over a short time horizon (that is, five to
seven years at the most), whereas equity money stays in until a "liquidity
event" happens, such as the sale of the business. For an individual
entrepreneur, unless he has a significant personal balance sheet,  [*321]  debt
financing is not an option, so the only remaining option is equity. If, however,
the entrepreneur cannot raise the capital from private-equity sources, the
project will likely not happen. The wages would not be generated, and the
concomitant increase in federal revenues would never materialize. Given the
number of tribes that would pursue similar projects with expanded tax-exempt
bonding authority, the lack of such authority costs the federal government
millions of dollars each year. n208

   C. The Proposed SEC Rule Change

 No principled reason exists to deny tribal governments the same exempt status
that the federal and state governments enjoy, nor the accredited investor status
of those currently listed in Reg D. Now, seventy-five years after first
designating certain bonds as exempt; more than twenty-five years after the
formal creation of the "accredited investor" label; and after many months of
interactions with the SEC and other federal officials, including the development
and circulation of a working paper that was the precursor to this article, the
SEC has determined that it is time to add Indian tribes to the list of
accredited investors. In its proposed Revision of Limited Offering Exemptions in
Regulation D, the SEC states:



   We propose to amend the Rule 501(a)(3) list of legal entities so that it
includes any corporation (including any non-profit corporation), Massachusetts
or similar business trust, partnership, limited liability company, Indian tribe,
labor union, governmental body or other legal entity with substantially similar
legal attributes. n209


   D. Comments on the Proposed Regulation D Change

 During the comments period for the proposed rule change, several individuals
and organizations submitted comments on  [*322]  the SEC's intent to include
Indian tribes as accredited investors, all of which were positive. The comments
praised the SEC's decision to enable tribes to participate in investment markets
on an equal footing with other governments n210 and added further suggestions.

   Multiple comments cited the need for a definition of "Indian tribe" to avoid
confusion and provide certainty as to which native groups would be included in
the SEC's list. n211 One comment suggested that individually naming groups, such
as Indian tribes, was too specific, n212 while another commenter was in favor of
a finite, more specific list. n213

   Ultimately tribes were added to the definition of accredited investors
without opposition. I did express one concern, however, about tribes being
listed separately as a accredited investors rather than being listed as
governmental entities, which under the proposed rule changes were also included
as accredited investors. In particular, I noted



   Tribal governments and their instrumentalities are, like state and local
governments, in fact "governments." The Federal government has long recognized
Indian tribes under both Federal statutes and long-established legal precedent.
For example, the Internal Revenue Code enables Indian tribes and their
governmental instrumentalities to issue tax-exempt municipal bonds. Since the
proposed changes add a definition of the term "governmental body" to  [*323]
Rule 501(a), similar to the definition of that term that appears commonly in
transactional financing, the most appropriate place to include "Indian tribes"
is within the list of entities embodied in this definition. Therefore, given the
nature of the proposed rule change, I would suggest including "federally
recognized American Indian tribes or their instrumentalities" in the list of
entities included within the definition of "governmental body" under Rule
501(a). I recommend that only "federally recognized American Indian tribes or
their instrumentalities" be included. This limitation, while admittedly
excluding some tribes that for reasons of history are not currently recognized
by the federal government, does provide a bright line rule for clarity in the
markets as to what tribal entities can be an accredited investor.



In summary, "federally recognized American Indian tribes" are governmental
bodies and therefore should not be specifically called out in the main text
(i.e., under Rule 501(a) (3)), just as states are not called out in the main
text. Instead, "federally recognized American Indian tribes and their
instrumentalities" should be included in the list of entities recognized as
"governmental bodies." n214

 President Joe Garcia of the National Congress of American Indians later echoed
this point, although NCAI took the position that state-recognized tribes should
also be included. n215 In either case, the point is to emphasize that tribes
are, first and foremost, governments.

   E. Relation to State Blue Sky Laws

 For any proposed change in federal securities law, an examination of the
corresponding state securities laws is appropriate because, in addition to the
federal statutory scheme, each state has its own body of securities law, dubbed
"blue-sky laws." n216 Several states model their laws on one of the versions
[*324]  of the Uniform Securities Act, drafted by the National Conference of
Commissioners on Uniform State Laws. The most recent draft from 2002 has been
enacted by fourteen states and the Virgin Islands. n217

   States had their securities laws in place prior to the passage of the federal
Securities Act of 1933. In fact, the original intent of the federal law was not
to interfere with the state blue-sky laws but to supplement them n218 and to
ensure their observance across state lines. n219 At the time that the Act was
adopted, Representative Mapes said, "Anything that this Congress can do to
supplement the blue-sky laws of the States to protect the public in investing
its money ought to be done." n220 In light of the 1929 market crash, state
securities statutes were considered inadequate protection for investors. n221
Therefore, the federal bill would preserve the jurisdiction of states'
securities commissions to regulate within the states, while itself regulating
securities across state lines. n222

   Over time the state supplemental focus of the federal Securities Act changed,
resulting in the National Securities Markets Improvement Act ("NSMIA") of 1996.
With NSMIA Congress preempted much of state securities laws with respect to
federally covered securities. n223

   Federally covered securities no longer fall under the regulatory power of the
states. State laws have not been rendered nullities, however. States can still
investigate and enforce their antifraud and deceit laws n224 as well as police
unlawful broker/dealer conduct in securities transactions. n225 They also
[*325]  retain the power to require filings of documents with the SEC for notice
purposes. n226 Securities exempt under Regulation D of the 1933 Securities Act
are federally covered, and that coverage includes accredited investors.
Therefore, securities sold to accredited investors do not fall under the
regulatory powers of the states. n227

   Conclusion

 Since there is no principled reason to exclude tribes from the list of
accredited investors, this Article in its prior incarnation as a working paper,
was instrumental in persuading the SEC to change Regulation D to include tribes
as accredited investors. Anticipating the finalization of this change, a number
of tribes have expressed an interest in learning more about private equity, as
evidenced by the inclusion of private equity as part of the agenda of a number
of tribal finance conferences. n228 Once tribes are treated as accredited
investors, private-equity funds focused on deploying capital in Indian Country
can solicit funds from wealthy tribes. Once Wall Street sees the tribes
investing, they will follow with additional investment capital, and Indian
Country will have moved past the private-equity tipping point. Although the
three private-equity funds n229 that have surfaced thus far will only make a
small dent in the $ 44 billion private-equity deficit, their ability to
cherry-pick the best investment opportunities will, in turn, produce significant
double-digit returns, which will, in turn, entice other private-  [*326]  equity
funds to consider Indian Country as a profitable emerging market.

   The Reg D problem is not the only barrier to capital market access for Indian
Country. I have previously written about the discrimination against tribes in
terms of their tax-exempt bonding authority, but the BIA loan guarantee program
is authorized to guarantee tribal bonds, n230 which would provide a similar
reduction in interest rates to tax-exempt bonds. No enabling regulations have
yet been developed, however. Tribal municipal bonds, whether taxable or
tax-exempt, are not exempt from securities registration, n231 while non-tribal
municipal bonds are exempt. This lack of a securities registration exemption
likely leads to a liquidity premium that makes it more expensive for a tribal
government to borrow than a similarly situated non-Indian government. Access to
banking services on reservations is made more difficult because of the McFadden
Act Amendments to the National Bank Act, which prevent banks that want to do
business in Indian Country from opening a branch without the permission of the
governor of the state that encompasses the reservation. While these issues will
be addressed in subsequent articles, for the moment the prospect of the change
to Regulation D that treats tribes as accredited investors is a significant
victory.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansIndian Gaming Regulatory ActGovernmentsNative
AmericansTaxationPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative Americans

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Entrepreneurial Sector Is the Key to Indian Country Development, Indian
Country Today, Sept. 11, 2002, at A2.





n2.  18 U.S.C. § 1151 (2006) defines "Indian Country" as:



   (a) all land within the limits of any Indian reservation under the
jurisdiction of the United States Government, notwithstanding the issuance of
any patent, and, including rights-of-way running through the reservation,




   (b) all dependent Indian communities within the borders of the United States
whether within the original or subsequently acquired territory thereof, and
whether within or without the limits of a state, and




   (c) all Indian allotments, the Indian titles to which have not been
extinguished, including rights-of-way running through the same.







n3.  Indian Entities Recognized and Eligible to Receive Services from the United
States Bureau of Indian Affairs, 70 Fed. Reg. 71,194 (Nov. 25, 2005).





n4.  According to the National Indian Gaming Association, only 224 tribes have
gaming operations of any kind as of 2005. Nat'l Indian Gaming Ass'n, An Analysis
of the Economic Impact of Indian Gaming in 2005, at 2 (2005), available at
http://www.indiangaming.org/NIGA_econ_impact _2005.pdf.





n5.  See Nat'l Gambling Impact Study Comm'n, National Gambling Impact Study
Commission Report 2-10 (1999), available at http://govinfo.lib
rary.unt.edu/ngisc/reports/2.pdf ("The 20 largest Indian gambling facilities
account for 50.5 percent of total revenues, with the next 85 accounting for
[only] 41.2 percent. Additionally, not all gambling facilities are successful.
Some tribes operate their casinos at a loss and a few have even been forced to
close money-losing facilities."). Note also that many tribes that do generate
significant revenues often must share those revenues with the state as part of
the compacting process of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. See 25 U.S.C. §§2701
-2721 (2006). In some cases, such as with the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot
tribes in Connecticut, the revenue share is as high as twenty-five percent. See,
e.g., Gavin Clarkson & Jim Sebenius, Leveraging Tribal Sovereignty for Economic
Opportunity: A Strategic Negotiations Perspective 63 (presented at Native Issues
Research Symposium, Harvard University Native American Program, Dec. 2003) (on
file with author).





n6.  See Donald L. Barlett & James B. Steele, Wheel of Misfortune, Time, Dec.
16, 2002, at 44.





n7.  See, e.g., Nat'l Ctr. for Educ. Statistics, U.S. Dep't of Educ., American
Indian and Alaska Native Children: Findings from the Base Year of the Early
Childhood Longitudinal Study, Birth Cohort (ECLS-B) 3 (2005), available at
http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2005/2005116.pdf.





n8.  See generally Tanka Bar, http://www.tankabar.com (last visited Nov. 16,
2008).





n9.  Dan Daly, Tanka Bar Maker Scrambles to Meet Soaring Demand, Rapid City J.,
Jan. 19, 2008, http://www.rapidcityjournal.com/articles/2008/01/19/news/
top/doc47903fee8b270243114583.txt.





n10.  Heidi Bell Gease, Tanka Bar on Regis & Kelly, Rapid City J., June 12,
2008, http://www.rapidcityjournal.com/articles/2008/06/12/news/local/
doc4850a1f4 c75fe933045587.txt.





n11.  Daly, supra note 9.





n12.  See id.





n13.  Patricia Gray, Sister Act, Fortune Small Bus., Dec./Jan. 2008, at 33,
33-36, available at http://money.cnn.com/2007/12/03/smbusiness/Sister_sky.fs b/
index.htm.





n14.  Id.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Id.





n18.  Id.





n19.  Roger Leeds & Julie Sunderland, Private Equity Investing in Emerging
Markets, J. Applied Corp. Fin., Fall 2003, at 111, 111.





n20.  Pub. L. No. 73-22, 48 Stat. 74 (codified as amended at 15 U.S.C. §§77a
-77aa).





n21.  Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 states that an



   Accredited Investor shall mean any person who comes within any of the
following categories, or who the issuer reasonably believes comes within any of
the following categories, at the time of the sale of the securities to that
person:




   a. Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Act, or any savings and loan
association or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Act
whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer
registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; any
insurance company as defined in section 2(a)(13) of the Act; any investment
company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business
development company as defined in section 2(a)(48) of that Act; any Small
Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration
under section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any
plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any
agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the
benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $
5,000,000; any employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made by a
plan fiduciary, as defined in section 3(21) of such act, which is either a bank,
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $
5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by
persons that are accredited investors;




   b. Any private business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22)
of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940;




   c. Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership, not
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total
assets in excess of $ 5,000,000;




   d. Any director, executive officer, or general partner of the issuer of the
securities being offered or sold, or any director, executive officer, or general
partner of a general partner of that issuer;




   e. Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with
that person's spouse, at the time of his purchase exceeds $ 1,000,000;




   f. Any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $ 200,000 in
each of the two most recent years or joint income with that person's spouse in
excess of $ 300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of
reaching the same income level in the current year;




   g. Any trust, with total assets in excess of $ 5,000,000, not formed for the
specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed
by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii);




   h. Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors.

 Gavin Clarkson, Joe Falkson, Marco Rubin & Walter Hillabrant, Native American
Capital, LP, Policy Briefing: Native American Tribes Require Reg D Change 2-3
(2006), available at http://www.sec.gov/rules/other/265-23/nac020306.pdf
(quoting 17 C.F.R. § 230.501 (2008)).





n22.  Id. at 1.





n23.  Id.





n24.  Id. at 2.





n25.  Id.





n26.  See Gavin Clarkson, Tribal Bonds: Statutory Shackles and Regulatory
Restraints on Tribal Economic Development, 85 N.C. L. Rev. 1009, 1065 (2007)
[hereinafter Clarkson, Tribal Bonds].





n27.  Cmty. Dev. Fin. Insts. Fund, U.S. Dep't of Treasury, The Report of the
Native American Lending Study 2 (2001), available at http://www.cdfi
fund.gov/docs/2001_nacta_lending_study.pdf [hereinafter CDFI].





n28.  There are of course other impediments to equity capital access for Indian
Country businesses. See, e.g., infra Part III.C.





n29.  Clarkson, Falkson, Rubin & Hillabrant, supra note 20.





n30.  See E-mail exchange between Gavin Clarkson, Joe Falkson & Gerald J.
Laporte, Chief, Office of Small Business Policy, Securities and Exchange
Commission (Dec. 3, 2005) (on file with author).





n31.  As opposed to a "White Paper." See Gavin Clarkson, Capital and Finance
Issues: Tribal Enterprises (2007), available at http://www.ncai.org/
ncai/econpolicy/CapitalandFinancePapers.pdf.





n32.  Dep't of Interior & Nat'l Cong. of Am. Indians, Native American Economic
Policy Report 14 (2007), available at http://www.ncai.org/ncai/
econpolicy/Summit_Policy_Report_Fnl2007NS. pdf.





n33.  Revisions of Limited Offering Exemptions in Regulation D, 72 Fed. Reg.
45,116 (Aug. 10, 2007).





n34.  Raymond C. Etcitty, Advisory Comm. on Tax Exempt & Gov't Entities, Tribal
Advice and Guidance Policy II-7 (2004), available at
http://ftp.qai.irs.gov/pub/irs-tege/act_rpt3_part2.pdf.





n35.  The average percentage of American Indians living in poverty is 25.9%,
compared to 11.9% for the general population. See U.S. Dep't of Commerce,
Poverty in the United States: 2000, at 7 (2001), available at http://www.cen
sus.gov/prod/2001pubs/p60-214.pdf.





n36.  Per capita income for American Indians in 1999 was $ 12,893, compared to
the overall U.S. average of $ 21,587. See U.S. Census Bureau 2000, Fact Sheet,
http://factfinder.census.gov (click "Fact Sheet" and select "2000" tab for
general population statistics; click "Fact Sheet: Fact Sheet for a Race, Ethnic,
or Ancestry Group" and go to "AIAN alone" for American Indian statistics).





n37.  See, e.g., Nat'l Ctr. for Educ. Statistics, U.S. Dep't of Educ., supra
note 7, at 3.





n38.  Oversight Hearing on Economic Development: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on
Indian Affairs, 109th Cong. 3 (2006) (statement of Elsie M. Meeks, Executive
Director, First Nations Oweesta Corporation), available at http://www
.oweesta.org/sites/oweesta.org/files/documents/testimony.pdf.





n39.  Bureau of the Census, U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Statistical Brief: Housing
of American Indians on Reservations - Plumbing 3 (1995), available at
http://www.census.gov/apsd/www/statbrief/sb95_9.pdf.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Michael J. Kurman, Indian Investment and Employment Tax Incentives, 41
Fed. B. News & J. 578, 583 (1994).





n42.  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 26, at 1009.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Id.





n45.  Id. (quoting 26 U.S.C. § 7871(e) (2000)).





n46.  See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 26, at 1046.





n47.  Id. at 1017-18.





n48.  Id. at 1018, 1053.





n49.  Encouraging Economic Self-Determination in Indian Country: Hearing before
the Subcomm. on Long-Term Growth and Debt Reduction of the S. Comm. on Finance,
109th Cong. 1 (2006) (written statement of Dr. Gavin Clarkson, Assistant
Professor, University of Michigan School of Information, School of Law and
Native American Studies) [hereinafter Clarkson Testimony], available at
http://www.senate.gov/ [approximately] finance/hearings/testimony/200
5test/052306testgc.pdf.





n50.  See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 26.





n51.  See Tribal Government Tax-Exempt Bond Parity Act of 2007, S. 1850, 110th
Cong. (introduced July 23, 2007) (eliminates the "Essential Government Function"
test and places tribes on equal footing as state and local governments in terms
of tax-exempt bonding authority).





n52.  CDFI, supra note 27, at 14.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Richard J. Ansson, Jr. & Ladine Oravetz, Tribal Economic Development: What
Challenges Lie Ahead for Tribal Nations as They Continue To Strive for Economic
Development, 11 Kan J. L. & Pub. Pol'y 441, 462 (2001).





n55.  U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, Cmty. Dev. Fin. Insts. Fund, Native American
Lending Study (2000), available at http://www.tribalfinance.org/
Documents/2000_nacta_deloitte_touche_ final_sur vey_report.pdf.





n56.  Id.





n57.  CDFI, supra note 27, at 2.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id. at 31.





n60.  Id.





n61.  Id.





n62.  Complexity Mgmt., Inc. & The Johnson Strategy Group, U.S. Dep't of
Treasury, CDFI Fund Native American Lending Study: Equity Investment Roundtable
and Research Report (2001), available at
http://www.tribalfinance.org/Documents/2001_nacta_ final_report_equity.pdf
[hereinafter CDFI Equity].





n63.  Id. at 55.





n64.  Id. at 7.





n65.  Id. at 55.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id. at 31. According to the study, location of the investment



   is important to ninety-four percent of angel investors, with over ninety
percent of angels investing within a half day's travel time. Sequoia Capital, a
leading venture capitalist, uses the bicycle rule. If they cannot ride their
bicycle to the firm under consideration, they will not invest. Generally, their
radius is between 30 minutes and a day's travel away.

 Id. (citations omitted).





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id. (citation omitted).





n70.  Id. at 6 (citations omitted).





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id. at 6-7.





n77.  Id. at 8.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id.





n82.  For a more detailed history of tribal law and policy, see Clarkson, Tribal
Bonds, supra note 26.





n83.  Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1 (1831).





n84.  An earlier Supreme Court case, Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. 543 (1823),
dealt with the issue of who could acquire title to land from Indian tribes, but
no tribe was a party to the case.





n85.  Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. at 15.





n86.  United States v. Kagama, 118 U.S. 375, 381 (1886).





n87.  United States v. Lara, 541 U.S. 193, 219 (2004).





n88.  Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. at 13.





n89.  In the words of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, "Today, in the United States,
we have three types of sovereign entities - the Federal government, the States,
and the Indian tribes. Each of the three sovereigns ... plays an important role
... in this country." Sandra Day O'Connor, Lessons from the Third Sovereign:
Indian Tribal Courts, 33 Tulsa L.J. 1, 1 (1997).





n90.  See Cohen's Handbook of American Indian Law § 1.03[1] (2005 ed.)
[hereinafter Cohen 2005]. I was a contributing author for this most recent
edition of the Handbook, providing material on tribal finance, tribal
corporations, economic development, and intellectual property. Two earlier
editions of the Handbook are also referenced in this Article. Felix Cohen's
original Handbook was published in 1941. The Handbook was substantially revised
and reissued in 1982.





n91.  Stephen Cornell, Sovereignty, Prosperity and Policy in Indian Country
Today, 5 Community Reinvestment 5, 6 (1997).





n92.  See Clarkson, supra note 26, at 1020-1025.





n93.  See Cohen's Handbook of American Indian Law 5 (1982) [hereinafter Cohen
1982].





n94.  Id. Despite devastating outbreaks of disease, the Indians would continue
to outnumber the European settlers for several decades.





n95.  Id. The Dutch similarly opted to obtain land via consented purchase rather
than more bellicose methods.





n96.  Id.





n97.  The scope of the trust relationship is multi-faceted. "Many treaties
explicitly provided for protection by the United States." Cohen 1982, supra note
93, at 65. See, e.g., Treaty with the Creeks, art. 2, Aug. 7, 1790, 7 Stat. 35,
reprinted in 2 Charles J. Kappler, Indian Affairs, Laws and Treaties 25 (1904)
[hereinafter Treaty with the Creeks]; Treaty with the Kaskaskia, art. 2, Aug.
13, 1803, 7 Stat. 78, reprinted in Kappler, supra, at 67 [hereinafter Treaty
with the Kaskaskia].

   Other treaties provided the means for subsistence. See, e.g., Fort Laramie
Treaty, Sept. 17, 1851, 11 Stat. 749, reprinted in Francis Paul Prucha,
Docu-ments of United States Indian Policy 84 (3d ed. 2000) (providing for
subsistence rations for the Sioux.); Treaty with the Western Cherokees art. 8,
May 6, 1828, 7 Stat. at 313, reprinted in Kappler, supra, at 290 [hereinafter
Treaty with the Western Cherokees]; Cohen 1982, supra note 93, at 81 ("Each Head
of a Cherokee family ... who may desire to remove West, shall be given, on
enrolling himself for emigration, a good Rifle, a Blanket, and a Kettle, and
five pounds of Tobacco: (and to each member of his family one Blanket,) ... a
just compensation for the property he may abandon.").





n98.  See, e.g., Treaty with the Creeks, supra note 97; Treaty with the
Kaskaskia, supra note 97; Treaty with the Western Cherokees, supra note 97; Fort
Laramie Treaty, Apr. 29, 1868, 15 Stat. 635, reprinted in Prucha, supra note 97,
at 109 [hereinafter Fort Laramie Treaty 1868].





n99.  See, e.g., Treaty with the Six Nations of October 22, 1784, 7 Stat. 15,
reprinted in Prucha, supra note 97, at 4; Treaty of Fort McIntosh of January 21,
1785, 7 Stat. 16, reprinted in Prucha supra note 97, at 5; Treaty of Fort
Laramie, September 17, 1851, 11 Stat. 749, reprinted in Prucha, supra note 97,
at 84 (referring to the United States and the Sioux collectively as "the
aforesaid nations").





n100.  Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Treaties: The History of a Political
Anomaly 2 (1994).





n101.  See, e.g., Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, Sept. 27, 1830, 7 Stat. 333,
reprinted in Kappler, supra note 97, at 310 (titled "Treaty with the Chocktaw,
1830) (signed by Choctaw leaders at bok chukfi ahithac - "the little creek where
the rabbits dance" - providing for the removal from the ancestral homelands in
Mississippi and Alabama to land in southeastern Oklahoma); Fort Laramie Treaty
1868, reprinted in Prucha, supra note 97, at 109 (signed by the Sioux Nation at
the conclusion of the Powder River War, establishing a reservation).





n102.  See Vine Deloria, Jr. & Clifford M. Lytle, American Indians, American
Justice 113 (1983).





n103.  Treaty making with the Indians was ended by Congress in 1871: "Hereafter
no Indian nation or tribe within the territory of the United States shall be
acknowledged or recognized as an independent, nation, tribe, or power with whom
the United States may contract by treaty ... ." Abolition of Treaty Making, 16
Stat. 544, 566 (1871), reprinted in Prucha, supra note 97, at 135.





n104.  General Allotment Act of 1887, 24 Stat. 388 (1887). The statute is also
known as the Dawes Act after Senator Henry L. Dawes of Massachusetts. While the
Dawes Act represented the final, full-scale realization of the allotment policy,
many treaties made with western tribes from 1865 to 1868 provided for allotment
in severalty of tribal lands. See Robert Winston Mardock, The Reformers and the
American Indians 212 (1971).





n105.  In an address to Congress in 1901, President Theodore Roosevelt expressed
his sense of the assimilation policy:



   The time has arrived when we should definitely make up our minds to recognize
the Indian as an individual and not as a member of a tribe. The General
Allotment Act is a mighty pulverizing engine to break up the tribal mass
[acting] directly upon the family and the individual ... .

 Theodore Roosevelt, U.S. President, First Annual Message (Dec. 3, 1901),
reprinted in 15 Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents 6641,
6674.





n106.  See Gavin Clarkson, Not Because They are Brown, but Because of Ea: Why
the Good Guys Lost in Rice v. Cayetano, and Why They Didn't Have to Lose, 7 Mich
J. Race & L. 318, 327 (2002).





n107.  See, e.g., Inst. for Gov't Research, Studies in Admin., The Problem of
Indian Administration (1928) (the "Merriam Report"), available at
http://www.alaskool.org/native_ed/research_report
s/IndianAdmin/Indian_Admin_Problms.html (documenting the failure of federal
Indian policy during the allotment period).





n108.  Pub. L. No. 73-383, 48 Stat. 984 (codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. §§461
-479).





n109.  For a discussion of the legislative history of the Securities Act, see
infra Part III.D.





n110.  Russel Lawrence Barsh & James Youngblood Henderson, The Road: Indian
Tribes and Political Liberty 209 (1980).





n111.  The period between 1945 and 1970 is referred to as the Termination Era,
and was characterized by the passage of number of statutes that "terminated"
individual tribes - "these acts distributed the tribes' assets by analogy to
corporate dissolution and afforded the states an opportunity to modify, merge or
abolish the tribe's government functions." Id. at 132. Examples of this
legislative activity include Act of Aug. 13, 1954, ch. 732, 68 Stat. 718
(Klamath), Act of Aug. 3, 1956, ch. 909, 70 Stat. 963 (Ottawas).





n112.  Message from the President of the United States Transmitting
Recommendations for Indian Policy, H.R. Doc. No. 91-363, 91st Cong., 2d Sess.
(July 8, 1970); see also The Indian Financing Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-262,
88 Stat. 77 (1974) (codified at 25 U.S.C.§§1451-1453). Perhaps the greatest of
Nixon's contributions to Indian tribal sovereignty was Public Law 638, the
Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975, Pub. L. No.
93-638 (codified as amended at 25 U.S.C.§§450 to 458bbb-2 (2006)), which
expressly authorized the Secretaries of Interior and Health and Human Services
to contract with, and make grants to, Indian tribes and other Indian
organizations for the delivery of federal services.





n113.  Samuel R. Cook, What is Indian Self-Determination?, 3 Red Ink (1994),
http://faculty.smu.edu/twalker/samrcook.htm.





n114.  The key legislation of this era includes: the Indian Self-Determination
and Education Assistance Act of 1975, 25 U.S.C.§§450 to 458bbb-2 (2006); the
Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968, 25 U.S.C §§1301-1341 (2006); the Indian
Financing Act of 1974, 25 U.S.C. § 1451-1544 (2006); and the Indian Child
Welfare Act of 1978, 25 U.S.C. §§1901-1963 (2006). See generally Cohen 1982,
supra note 93, at 188-204.





n115.  See Cohen 2005, supra note 90, § 21.03.





n116.  Presidential Commission on Indian Reservation Economies, Report and
Recommendations to the President of the United States Part I, at 7 (1984).





n117.  Id.





n118.  See id.





n119.  Id. at 25.





n120.  Id. at 39-47.





n121.  See, e.g., Robert A. Williams, Documents of Barbarism: The Contemporary
Legacy of European Racism and Colonialism in the Narrative Traditions of Federal
Indian Law, 31 Ariz. L. Rev. 237, 266-68 (1989). Professor Williams criticizes
the IRA and the notions of evaluating tribal corporations using westernized
norms of corporate performance because such evaluations often highlight
perceived differences between economic development in Indian Country and
corporate America. He also takes issue with the description of tribal structures
contained in the Presidential Commission on Indian Reservation Economies, Report
and Recommendations to the President of the United States (1984):



   As illustrated by its derogatory nomenclature for describing tribal
governments's differences ("social welfare driven"; "patronage system";
"dependent"), the Commission's discourse of tribal self-determination clearly
devalues tribal enterprises operated by tribal governments according to tribal
values ... The Commission's point of reference for assigning negative values to
contemporary tribalism's perceived self-determining vision of economic
development is of course the dominant society's profit driven norms. Thus, if
tribalism further declines in response to the federal government's failure to
adequately fund its trust responsibility to Indian people, tribalism's own
stubbornly held difference from the superior values of the dominant society will
be blamed.

 Williams, supra, at 267-68.

   Irrespective of whether one views capitalism as good or bad, however, the
reality is that tribal nations exist within a larger capitalist system, and any
assumption that tribes cannot adapt to that system runs the risk of falling into
the very discourse that Williams decries.





n122.  Gavin Clarkson, Reclaiming Jurisprudential Sovereignty: A Tribal
Judiciary Analysis, 50 U. Kan. L. Rev. 473, 502 (2002).





n123.  Rachel Rock et al., ACCION International Principles and Practices of
Microfinance Governance (1988), available at http://www.uncdf
.org/mfdl/readings/ MFGovernance.pdf.





n124.  See CDFI Overview, http://www.cdfifund.gov/what_we_do/programs _id.as
p?programID=7 (last visited Feb. 24, 2009).





n125.  Marcus Lamb et al., Recommendations for CDFI Performance Measurement:
Improving Measures, Increasing Knowledge, Building Capacity 2 (2002).





n126.  Rules & Regulations, 68 Fed. Reg. 23 (Feb. 4, 2003).





n127.  Nat'l Comm. Capital Ass'n, Community Development Financial Institutions
(CDFIs): Bridges Between Capital and Communities in Need 5 (2001).





n128.  Nat'l Tribal Just. Resource Center, CDFI Fund Native American Initiative,
available at http://www.tribaljusticeprograms.com/funding/fundingdetails.as
p?59.





n129.  Id.





n130.  The Native American segment of the CDFI Fund is the Native Initiative,
and its programs include the Native American CDFI Technical Assistance (NACTA)
Component of the CDFI Program, the Native American CDFI Development (NACD)
Program, the Native American Technical Assistance (NATA) component of the CDFI
Program, and the Native American CDFI Technical Assistance Program. The NACA and
NATA programs award technical assistance (TA) and financial assistance (FA)
grants to Native CDFIs and entities that can be certified as Native CDFIs at the
time of the award, as well as TA grants to organizations, which can become
Native CDFIs within two years. The NACD Program provides TA grants to
organizations that sponsor the creation of separate legal entities that will
become Native CDFIs. See Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting
Applications for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, 68 Fed. Reg.
67,906 (Dec. 4, 2003), available at http://edocket.access.gpo.gov/
2003/pdf/03-30174.pdf (federal register announcement); see also CDFI Coalition,
Native American Programs, http://cdfi.org/index.php?page=advocacy-3a-4 (last
visited Feb. 1, 2009) (describing the history of the program).





n131.  See Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting Applications for the
Native American CDFI Assistance Program, 68 Fed. Reg. 67,906 (Dec. 4, 2003).





n132.  Jennifer Malkin et al., Native Entrepreneurship: Challenges and
Opportunities for Rural Communities 37 (2004), available at http://www.nw
af.org/Content/Files/Native_Entrepreneurship1.pdf.





n133.  Id. at 39.





n134.  Id. at 53.





n135.  Id. at 55.





n136.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., Oweesta EITC Fact Sheet, available at
http://www.oweesta.org/sites/oweesta.org/files/eitcfactsheet.pdf.





n137.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., About Us, http://www.oweesta.org/about (last
visited Nov. 14, 2008).





n138.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., Research, Policy & Advocacy, http://owees
ta.org/ps/research (last visited Nov. 14, 2008).





n139.  Press Release, First Nations Oweesta Corp., Oweesta Introduces New Model
for Native Community Economic Development and Offers Training Opportunities
(Dec. 6, 2007), available at http://www.ournativecircle.org/node/247.





n140.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., Expanding Native Opportunity: Native
Communities Financing Initiative, available at http://www.oweesta.org/sites/
oweesta.org/files/NCFIBrochure.pdf.





n141.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., Training, Technical Assistance & Consulting,
http://www.oweesta.org/ps/training (last visited Nov. 15, 2008).





n142.  Id.





n143.  Press Release, First Nations Oweesta Corp., The Oweesta Collaborative:
W.K. Kellogg Foundation Awards $ 2 Million for Regional Entrepreneurship
Initiative (May 10, 2005).





n144.  Id.





n145.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., The Lakota Funds, http://www.oweesta.org/
oc/profiles/tlf (last visited Nov. 15, 2008).





n146.  Id.





n147.  Oweesta Collaborative, Another Highlight - Success Story for: The Lakota
Funds 1, available at http://www.oweesta.org/sites/oweesta.org/files/lakred
nation.pdf.





n148.  Id.





n149.  Id.





n150.  Id.





n151.  First Nations Oweesta Corp., Four Bands Community Fund, http://www
.oweesta.org/oc/profiles/fbcf (last visited Nov. 15, 2008).





n152.  Id.





N153.  Oweesta Collaborative, Another Highlight - Success Story for: Four Bands
Community Fund, available at http://www.oweesta.org/sites/oweesta.org/files/
jtrtrips.pdf.





n154.  Id.





n155.  Oweesta Collaborative, Another Highlight - Success Story for: Four Bands
Community Fund, available at http://www.oweesta.org/sites/oweesta.org/files/
trina.pdf.





n156.  Id.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Wind River Development Fund, http://wrdf.org (last visited Nov. 14,
2008).





n159.  Oweesta Collaborative, Another Highlight - Success Story for: Wind River
Development Fund NATCO Inc., available at http://www.oweesta.org/sites/
oweesta.org/files/natco.pdf.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Oweesta Collaborative, Another Highlight - Success Story for: Wind River
Development Fund Heyteyneytah, Inc., available at http://www.oweesta.org/
sites/oweesta.org/files/Heyteyneytah.pdf.





n162.  Id.





n163.  CDFI, supra note 27, at 31-32.





n164.  Robert C. Illig, What Hedge Funds Can Teach Corporate America: A Roadmap
for Achieving Institutional Investor Oversight, 57 Am. U. L. Rev. 225, 268
(2007).





n165.  Paul A. Gompers & Josh Lerner, The Venture Capital Cycle 11 (1999).





n166.  Illig, supra note 164, at 269.





n167.  National Venture Capital Association, The Venture Capital Industry - An
Overview, http://www.nvca.org (last visited Nov. 15, 2008).





n168.  Josh Lerner, Venture Capital and Private Equity: A Casebook, at ix
(2000).





n169.  Id. at xi.





n170.  Jack S. Levin, Structuring Venture Capital, Private Equity and
Entrepreneurial Transactions 1-3 (Martin D. Ginsburg & Donald E. Rocap eds.,
2007).





n171.  Gompers & Lerner, supra note 165, at 8.





n172.  Levin, supra note 170, at 1-3.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Lerner, supra note 168, at 12.





n176.  Levin, supra note 170, at 1-3.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Illig, supra note 164, at 269.





n179.  Douglas G. Smith, The Venture Capital Company: A Contractarian Rebuttal
to the Political Theory of American Corporate Finance?, 65 Tenn. L. Rev. 79,
134-35 (1997).





n180.  Steven E. Hurdle, Jr., A Blow to Public Investing: Reforming the System
of Private Equity Fund Disclosures, 53 UCLA L. Rev. 239, 246 (2005).





n181.  Clarkson, Falkson, Rubin & Hillabrant, supra note 22, at 1-2.





n182.  Id. at 1.





n183.  77 Cong. Rec. 2910, 2931 (1933) (statement of Rep. Wolverton), reprinted
in 1 J.S. Ellenberger & Ellen P. Mahar, Legislative History of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (2001).





n184.  The Investor's Advocate: How the SEC Protects Investors, Maintains Market
Integrity, and Facilitates Capital Formation, www.sec.gov/about/what wedo.shtml
(last visited Nov. 15, 2008).





n185.  77 Cong. Rec. 2910, 2918 (1933), reprinted in Ellenberger & Mahar, supra
note 183.





n186.  The Investor's Advocate, supra note 184.





n187.  77 Cong. Rec. 2910, 2912 (1933), reprinted in Ellenberger & Mahar, supra
note 183.





n188.  H.R. Rep. No. 73-85, at 5-6 (1933), reprinted in 2 J.S. Ellenberger &
Ellen P. Mahar, Legislative History of the Securities Act of 1933 and Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (2001).





n189.  Hearing Before the Comm. on Interstate and Foreign Commerce, 73rd Cong.,
1st Session, on H.R. 4314: To Provide for the Furnishing of Information and the
Supervision of Traffic in Investment Securities in Interstate Commerce, 73rd
Cong. 108 (1933), reprinted in Ellenberger & Mahar, supra note 188.





n190.  Id. at 29.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Id.





n193.  Id.





n194.  One year after the creation of the Securities Act of 1933, Congress
passed the Security Exchange Act of 1934. This act established the Securities
Exchange Commission (SEC), which took the place of the Federal Trade Commission
in the regulation of securities. The SEC was given the power to register,
regulate, and oversee brokerage firms, transfer agencies, and clearing agencies,
as well as the nation's stock markets. See The Investor's Advocate, supra note
184.





n195.  See Revision of Certain Exemptions From Registration for Transactions
Involving Limited Offers and Sales, Release No. 33-6389, 47 Fed. Reg. 11,262
(Mar. 16, 1982) (codified at 17 C.F.R. § 230.501).





n196.  See supra text accompanying notes 107-109.





n197.  77 Cong. Rec. 2910, 2916 (1933), reprinted in Ellenberger & Mahar, supra
note 183.





n198.  Id.





n199.  See, e.g., Kickapoo Traditional Tribe of Texas, Limited Liability Company
Ordinance (n.d.) (on file with author).





n200.  Tribes can charter a corporation in any state, not just the state that
surrounds their reservation. State chartering of a corporation, however, can
present problems if the corporation wishes to act as an instrumentality of the
tribe.





n201.  Section 17 of the IRA created a special category of tribal corporation.
See 25 U.S.C. § 477 (2000).





n202.  The market collapse in the fall of 2008 notwithstanding, several of these
types of funds have significantly outperformed the market over the past ten
years. Since these investments are not registered securities, they routinely
limit their investors to those that are accredited investors.





n203.  A tribe's payroll account, for example, needs to be liquid, while a
tribal permanent fund that endows scholarships for tribal youth can be invested
in less-liquid investments that generate a higher return than money market funds
or certificates of deposit.





n204.  In my own work with tribes, I have often seen that the history of tribal
governments having been taken advantage of dramatically increases the risk
aversion of tribal councils when it comes to investment management.





n205.  See, e.g., Building a Stronger Tribal Community, Winds of Change, Autumn
2008, at 52 (profiling Bill Lomax, portfolio manager for the San Manual Band of
Mission Indians).





n206.  The Seminole tribe outbid three private-equity firms and acquired the
Hard Rock restaurant chain for nearly $ 1 billion. Indians To Buy Out Hard Rock,
N.Y. Post, Dec. 7, 2006, at 44.





n207.  A variation of this model was first presented to the Senate Finance
Committee during a hearing on May 23, 2006. See Clarkson Testimony, supra note
49, at 8-10. Based on information from a 2002 report from the University of
Georgia, annual payroll is estimated at $ 1,350,000 and other operating expenses
are estimated at $ 300,000. See Ga. Agric. Experiment Stations, Univ. of Ga.,
Revenue Profile of Golf Courses in Georgia (2002), available at http://
pubs.caes.uga.edu/caespubs/ES-pubs/RR687.pdf.





n208.  In Tribal Bonds, I estimated that the annual federal tax revenue loss is
more than $ 80 million. These figures do not include other federal revenue
savings, such as those associated with reductions in federal entitlement
payments resulting from increased employment levels. Clarkson, Tribal Bonds,
supra note 26, at 1074 n.280.





n209.  Revisions of Limited Offerings Exemptions in Regulation D, 72 Fed. Reg.
45,116, at 45,126 (proposed Aug. 10, 2007) (to be codified at 17 C.F.R. pts.
200, 230, 239).





n210.  See, e.g., Comment from Stephanie McGillivray & Charles W. Johnson, SOAR
Growth Capital, L.L.C. 2 (Oct. 9, 2007), available at http://www.sec.gov/
comments/s7-18-07/s71807-32.pdf.





n211.  See, e.g., Comment from Karen Tyler, President, North Am. Sec. Adm'rs
Ass'n, Inc., to Nancy M. Morris, Sec'y, U.S. Sec. & Exch. Comm'n 15 (Oct. 26,
2007), available at http://www.sec.gov/comments/s7-18-07/s71807-57.pdf (arguing
that SEC should clarify the meaning of "Indian tribes"); Comment from Joe
Garcia, President, Nat'l Cong. of Am. Indians, to Steven G. Hearne, Special
Counsel, U.S. Sec. & Exch. Comm'n 2 (Jan. 2, 2008), available at
http://www.sec.gov/comments/s7-18-07/s71807-63.pdf (arguing that SEC should
define "Indian tribe" to include federally-and state-recognized tribes); Comment
from Gavin Clarkson, Assistant Professor, Univ. of Michigan, to Nancy M. Morris,
Sec'y, U.S. Sec. & Exch. Comm'n (Oct. 9, 2007), available at
http://www.sec.gov/comments/s7-18-07/s71807-29.htm (arguing that federally
recognized tribes should be included as governmental bodies).





n212.  Comment from Keith F. Higgins, Lawrence A. Goldman, & Ellen Lieberman,
Section of Business Law, American Bar Association, to Nancy M. Morris, Sec'y,
U.S. Sec. & Exch. Comm'n 8 (Oct. 12, 2007), available at http://www.sec.gov/
comments/s7-18-07/s71807-52.pdf.





n213.  Comment from the Financial Services Group of Katten Muchin Rosenman
L.L.P. to Nancy M. Morris, Sec'y, U.S. Sec. & Exch. Comm'n 3 (Oct. 9, 2007),
available at http://www.sec.gov/comments/s7-18-07/s71807-35.pdf.





n214.  Comment from Clarkson, supra note 211.





n215.  Comment from Garcia, supra note 211, at 2.





n216.  This phrase "originated from a depiction of the type of scheme the laws
were intended to prevent; that is "speculative schemes which have no more basis
than so many feet of "blue sky." ' " Jay H. Knight & Garrett P. Baker, Kentucky
Blue Sky Law: A Practitioner's Guide to Kentucky's Registrations and Exemptions,
34 N. Ky. L. Rev. 485, 486 (2007) (quoting Hall v. Geiger-Jones Co., 242 U.S.
539, 550 (1917)). According to the SEC, state blue sky laws "are designed to
protect investors against fraudulent sales practices and activities. While these
laws can vary from state to state, most states [sic] laws typically require
companies making small offerings to register their offerings before they can be
sold in a particular state. The laws also license brokerage firms, their
brokers, and investment adviser representatives." U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, Blue Sky Laws, http://www.sec.gov/answers/bluesky.htm (last visited
Nov. 17, 2008).





n217.  Uniform Securities Act: Enactments, http://www.uniformsecuritiesact.org/
usa/DesktopDefault.aspx?tabindex=3&tabid=69 (last visited Dec. 5, 2008).





n218.  Some concern was voiced on whether such a federal law was in error, a
usurpation of the reserved police powers of the state and a confusion of state
and federal law that would lead to the failure of state law. See 77 Cong. Rec.
2910, 2938-39 (1933), reprinted in Ellenberger & Mahar, supra note 183. In a
way, such did happen, sixty-three years later, with the passage of the National
Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which preempted much of state law.





n219.  Id. at 2912.





n220.  Id.





n221.  See id. at 2930-31.





n222.  See id. at 2918.





n223.  Unif. Securities Act § 102 cmt. 9 (2005), available at http://www.law
.upenn.edu/bll/archives/ulc/securities/2002final.htm.





n224.  Id.





n225.  Id.





n226.  Id.





n227.  Id. at § 202(14) cmt. 15 (stating that "Section 18(b)(4)(D) of the
Securities Act of 1933 defines as federal covered securities those issued under
Securities and Exchange Commission rules under section 4(2) of the Securities
Act. This would include Rule 506, which uses the "accredited investor'
definition in Rule 501(a). When a transaction involves Rule 506, section
18(b)(4)(D) further provides "that this paragraph does not prohibit a state from
imposing notice filing requirements that are substantially similar to those
required by rule or regulation under section 4(2) that are in effect on
September 1, 1996' ").





n228.  See, e.g., Information Management Network, Native American Finance
Conference February 2008 Agenda, http://secure.imn.org/ [approximately]
conference/web_confe/ index.cfm?sc=20080226_PF_0001&pg=Agenda; Nat'l Ctr. for
American Indian Enterprise Development, Reservation Economic Summit & American
Indian Business Trade Fair 2009 Agenda, http://www.ncaied.org/downloads/
RES_2009_Agenda.pdf; Native American Finance Officers Association, Spring 2008
Conference Agenda, http://www.nafoa.org/pastEvents.php.





n229.  Native American Capital, Native Capital, and SOAR Private Equity have all
announced the formation of their initial private equity funds.





n230.  See Indian Financing Act, 25 U.S.C. § 1497 (2000).





n231.  See Securities Act of 1933 § 3(a)(2), 15 U.S.C. § 77c (2006).


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               High Yield Report

                                August 31, 2009

Foxwoods' Owners Eye Restructuring, May Default on Debt

BYLINE: Richard Kellerhals

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18 Vol. 20 No. 35

LENGTH: 232  words


Mashantucket Western Pequot Tribal Nation, the owner of Foxwoods Resort Casino
in Connecticut, is looking to restructure approximately $1.45 billion in debt.

However, the rules for tribal casinos make any restructuring effort difficult
because they are not allowed to swap their debt for equity and can not raise
cash by selling off assets on tribal land. Creditors are also not allowed to
take over any of the tribe's assets as they are allowed to do with other
companies.

As a result, the casino owner, which owns one of the largest casinos in the
country, may have no other choice than to default on its debt. If it does so, it
will be the largest tribal casino to default on its debt. And if it is forced
into bankruptcy, it will be the first time a tribal casino operator has brushed
up against bankruptcy laws.

Mashantucket has a $700 million revolver loan due July 2010, $500 million in
8.5% notes that will mature in 2015 and $250 million of 5.912% notes due in
2021. The tribe has a payment due on its loan Sept. 1.

Foxwoods has lost revenues due to the recession and from competition from new
casinos and racetracks nearby. The gambling industry as a whole has been
severely hurt by the recession because consumers are spending less. Some
casinos, such as Stations Casinos and Fontainebleau Las Vegas, have already
filed for bankruptcy.

Miller Buckfire has been hired to serve as an advisor.

URL: http://www.leveragedfinancenews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: HYR


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday

Mohegan Tribe's government center plan lands stimulus loans: $54 million in
backing expected to foster 1,279 jobs locally

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


May 29--Nearly 1,300 local jobs are expected to be created thanks to $54 million
in federal stimulus loans the Mohegan Indians will receive to fund the stalled
construction of a new tribal government center.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding -- targeting rural areas and
amounting to $167.8 million nationwide -- was announced Thursday by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. The Mohegan Tribe's loans amounted to nearly a third
of all stimulus money made available nationwide in its latest announcement.

"The tribe is building a community center; an educational center; a health
administration center; an administration building, and a library," the agency
said in a press release. "Once completed, the new center will provide essential
government services and create an estimated 1,279 jobs for this rural
community."

It was unclear how many of the jobs will be permanent and how many are
temporary. The Mohegan Tribe did not respond to requests for more details.

The tribe broke ground on the government center in April 2007, according to
information on its website, but put the $80 million project on hold in January
2009 when the economy soured. The partially completed center, which originally
was to have been finished by December 2009, is located on Crow Hill Road in
Uncasville, near the site of the tribe's current temporary headquarters.

"The new four-story structure will house the various departments of the Tribal
Government and also contain a community center which will include a recreation
and practice center for the Connecticut Sun (WNBA basketball team)," according
to the Mohegans' website.

The government building -- expected to house the Tribal Gaming Commission along
with offices for police, fire, education and housing personnel -- was put on
hold at the same time the tribe stopped a major expansion of its Mohegan Sun
casino. The casino also rolled back salary increases and offered voluntary
buyouts to employees, while the tribal government cut positions.

Both casino and tribal employees had 401(k) retirement fund matches and salary
increases suspended at the same time.

A listing of the federal funding for the project shows four separate loans
amounting to nearly $32 million that will be used to construct a "Tribal
Educational Center." A fifth loan, at more than $22 million, would be used for
the "Tribal Community Center."

It's unclear which of the loans, if any, would be used for the health center,
administration building or library. The USDA did not return calls seeking more
information.

"These Recovery Act projects not only provide needed infrastructure in rural
communities, they contribute to the Obama administration's continued efforts to
turn the economy around and create quality jobs," USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack
said in a statement.

The $167.8 million in Recovery Act projects announced this week are funded
through the USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Program. They will be
matched with $60 million from unspecified "other sources."

The funds for rural communities are made available to "public bodies, nonprofit
organizations and federally recognized Indian tribes," according to the USDA.
The latest round of funding will bring 145 loans to 37 states.

l.howard@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100529-NL-Mohegan-Tribe-s-government-center-plan-lands-stimulus-loans
-0529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 4, 1998

Chickasaw Mortgage Program Leverages Private Finance

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: NEW MARKETS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 726 words

DATELINE: Ada, OK


The Chickasaw Nation's leveraging of $ 10 million of private mortgage money from
a couple of hundred thousand dollars of their own is the key example so far of
the kind of tribal housing finance expansion called for by the Native American
Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act.

The 35,000-member tribe, based here, will provide 5% interest second mortgages
in a total amount of several hundred thousand dollars to enhance $ 10 million of
mortgages to be originated to tribal members in Oklahoma by FT Mortgage, Dallas,
insured by PMI Mortgage Insurance, and bought by Freddic Mac.

Total mortgages, mostly purchase money, likely will come to about 180 loans,
according to Robert Cheadle, head of the Chickasaw Nation Division of Housing
and a former official of Fannie Mac. Rehabs and refis also will be offered.

The 97% loan-to-value mortgages, which FT will originate through a
correspondent, First Americans Mortgage of Kansas City, could actually hit 100%
and higher once the second mortgages are factored in.  The tribe will finance 2%
of the downpayment, leaving the member with just 1% cash outlay on the loan.  It
also will finance a reserve requirement of two months' mortgage payments,
closing costs, and has an optional rate buydown of 50 basis points if the
borrowers pays two points.

If the buydown is not elected, the mortgage is fixed at prevailing market rates.
Single-wide mobile homes, a feature of rural and Indian life, cannot be financed
through the program.

The Chuku Chukmasi program (the name means "beautiful home" in Chickasaw) has no
income limits and many flexible features.  Mr. Cheadle said the program would
allow the tribe to offer mortgage finance to higher-income members and not be
limited to lower income people it traditionally has served under Department of
Housing and Urban Development programs.

Of the Nation's members, about two-thirds live in Oklahoma.  The other third is
not eligible for the program.

Among the more than a dozen variances from standard underwriting (PMI is the
underwriter) under the program is a 33% housing debt/38% total debt ratio.

The program is only for "fee-simple" land or private property, but since
Oklahoma has no reservations, there is only a little property in the state that
is under the more complicated trust status.  Therefore the program can be a
model for other tribes in Oklahoma and also for urban Indians, according to
Dustan R. Shepherd, president of First Americans.

Mr. Shepherd will visit Ada this week to begin taking applications from
Chickasaws.  Dozens of callers expressed interest in the program in the days
after local newspapers reported on it.

Mr. Shepherd's efforts will be his second crack at the Chickasaw market.  A more
informal program a couple of years ago resulted in about 15 mortgages made from
more than 100 applications, with the same originators but Fannie Mae as the
secondary market.

The broker credited both PMI and Freddie Mac as being very flexible on the
program.  He noted the "high touch" nature of Indian mortgage business, noting
he has personally taken more than 400 applications and closed just 80 loans.
Mr. Shepherd is also active with the Cherokee Nation farther east in Oklahoma,
and claims to be closing 10 loans a month there out of 15-20 applications.  Mr.
Shepherd said that credit and mortgage scoring, under PMI's PMI aura program and
Freddie's Loan Prospector, played a role in convincing those companies to do the
program.

Another feature of the program will be that tribal officials can use the
program, since there is no income limit, without being accused of getting
favorable treatment as Mr. Cheadle noted has happened before.  Mr. Cheadle's
tribe has taken a number of steps under NAHASDA, which seeks to have tribes
partner with outside sources to leverage the some half billion dollars
appropriated a year for Indian housing.

It has started the Division, for example, as the "tribally designated housing
entity" or TDHE, and it wants to run housing programs as a business, rather than
a giveaway program.

The TDHE intends to develop new housing under NAHASDA guidelines, and hopes to
do a 15-unit rental duplex if it can raise the funds.  Mr. Cheadle indicated
that tribal monies for the second mortgages under the Freddie Mac program would
come from sales of Mutual Help housing.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Dustan Shepherd

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 17, 2013

Not a Mortgage Desert

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4 Vol. 37 No. 38

LENGTH: 407  words


Many American Indian reservations are mortgage deserts, with lenders avoiding
them like the plague because of difficulties over land status, persistent
poverty, and lack of lending infrastructure, not to mention outdated attitudes.
But here's one that's not.

The Bay Mills Indian Community of Michigan shows a fairly high percentage of
mortgage finance on the reservation. Bay Mills Housing Authority executive
director Cheryl A. Causley said 74 of the 324 houses on the reservation (as of
last year) had mortgages, or more than 20%. And six more have closed this year
to date.

What makes that unusual is that the community is entirely trust land, and
mortgage lenders have shied away from making loans on trust land because of its
complicated legal status.

Causley said the housing authority has two lenders that will make mortgages on
the res, and uses federal mortgage programs like those run by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Wells
Fargo lends Bay Mills tribal members mortgage money using the HUD 184 program,
which guarantees 100% of a lender's outlays.

What makes this percentage even more impressive is that Bay Mills, an Ojibe
tribe, is located on 3400 acres in the remote Upper Peninsula of Michigan on the
shores of Lake Superior, about 25 miles from Sault Ste Marie. It has a low
unemployment rate compared to many tribes (about 12%) as the tribe's two casinos
employ many tribal members. And jobs equals borrowers able to repay their
mortgages.

Bay Mills' commitment to homeownership is also evident in its aggressive
"reconveying" of so-called "HUD homes" to their occupants. To date it has
reconveyed exactly half, 61, of 132 units it managed under the old HUD Mutual
Help program, a much-derided program superceded by NAHASDA (the Native American
Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act).

More Indian Housing Authorities (IHAs) and tribally designated housing entities
(TDHEs) should look to the results of the Bay Mills tribe and Causley, who is
also chairwoman of the National American Indian Housing Coalition.

And more mortgage lenders should get on board. If a mortgage is 100% guaranteed
by the federal government, it is difficult to see what a lender has to lose by
making it. The program has been a great success, with almost $3 billion in
mortgage finance guaranteed (granted, much of it not on trust land, but a
significant amount of it on or near reservations).

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Arkansas attorney general settles on alleged illegal payday loan scheme

BYLINE: Mark Iandolo

LENGTH: 233 words


LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (Legal Newsline) - Arkansas AttorneyGeneral Leslie Rutledge
has announced her office has settled aconsumer protection lawsuit against
Western Sky Financial, CashCall Inc., WSFunding, Martin A. Webb and J. Paul
Reddam that had alleged the entitiesconspired to offer illegal payday loans.

The defendants purportedly offered payday loans withinterest rates as high as
342 percent, which violates state law. Western Skyattempted to allege that,
because it identifies as a Native American tribalentity, it is protected by
tribal sovereign immunity. The state charged,however, that Western Sky is not
protected because it is not owned or operatedby a tribe. Additionally, consumers
in Arkansas not on tribal lands used thewebsite to apply for loans.

The alleged scheme involved Western Sky originating paydayloans and then
assigning them to WS Funding to collect. CashCall and itssubsidiaries ran most
of Western Sky's operations.

"Arkansans who were in a time of need sought the onlinelending services of the
defendants and were regrettably handed more debt," Rutledgesaid. "Although
traditional storefront payday lending has been eliminated inArkansas, the risk
to Arkansans from online payday lenders is quite high. Myoffice will continue to
protect consumers against these illegal activities andwill notify those who are
eligible to receive restitution payments under thissettlement."







LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Tribal Payday Lenders Can't Be Sued for High Rates, Court Rules

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 668  words


Two online lenders associated with Indian tribes have won the dismissal of a
lawsuit that alleged the companies were operating in violation of Maryland law.

The decision adds to a body of legal cases that functionally give online payday
lenders a green light to keep making exorbitantly costly loans over the
Internet, as long as the lenders are arms of tribes.

U.S. District Judge Catherine Blake did not seem pleased with the outcome she
reached, but indicated she was bound to follow the law.

"The settled law of tribal sovereign immunity is not without unfortunate
consequences," Blake, a President Clinton appointee, wrote in a decision
published Friday.

"Unless Congress chooses to limit tribal sovereign immunity, tribes will
continue to be immune from suits arising from a tribe's commercial activities,
even when they take place off Indian lands."

Ever since tribes became involved with the payday lending business, a trend that
started about a decade ago, they have been tangling with state and federal
authorities. For online payday lenders, affiliations with tribes provided a new
legal shield at a time when other tactics for evading state interest rate caps
were faltering. The tribe-affiliated businesses have lost some battles. For
example, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has rejected the claim that
the firms have sovereign immunity when it comes to federal law. In addition, a
pair of tribes abandoned a suit against New York officials after a federal
appeals court issued an unfavorable ruling.

But those defeats, and other pending legal challenges, have not yet forced
tribes to retreat from the lucrative online payday lending business. Indeed,
tribal firms have frequently prevailed in court with the argument that they
cannot be sued for violations of state lending laws.

In May 2015 a federal judge in Pennsylvania dismissed a lawsuit brought against
the manager of a tribe-affiliated lender, finding that he was shielded by
sovereign immunity.

In the Maryland suit, which had sought class-action status, Alicia Everette of
Baltimore sued after taking out loans from several different online payday
lenders. One of the defendants, Riverbend Finance, currently quotes annual
percentage rates of 520%-782% on its website, far in excess of Maryland's 24%
interest rate cap.

Riverbend responded to the suit by arguing that it is an economic arm of the
Fort Belknap Indian Community in Montana, and has sovereign immunity. Another
defendant, MobiLoans, stated that it is wholly owned by the Tunica-Biloxi tribe
in Louisiana.

The plaintiff alleged that outside parties maintained functional control of the
tribal lending businesses, and that the tribes' involvement was a sham. But the
judge wrote that no evidence was presented to support those claims.

Representatives of tribal lenders applauded the judge's ruling.

"I think it was a good, straightforward decision that reinforced centuries of
precedent on tribal sovereign immunity," said Charles Galbraith, an attorney who
represented MobiLoans.

"The court rightfully upheld tribes' inalienable right to exercise their
sovereignty as historically mandated by federal policy, and correctly ruled that
these online lending businesses are in fact arms of their tribes," Barry
Brandon, executive director of the Native American Financial Services
Association, said in a press release.

An attorney for the plaintiff declined to comment.

Meanwhile, consumer advocates have not given up hope that tribes and the
companies that work them will be held responsible for violations of state law.
Lauren Saunders, associate director of the National Consumer Law Center, said in
an email that there are numerous other potential legal avenues for holding
various parties responsible.

Despite Friday's ruling, the Maryland lawsuit is not yet over, since its list of
defendants included three individuals who do not qualify for tribal sovereign
immunity. The judge wrote that she will address motions to dismiss filed by
those defendants in a separate opinion.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 20, 1998 Sunday

BYLINE: PHILIP BRASHER

LENGTH: 688 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Melvin Lee wants a house so badly he would help build it
himself, but no bank will lend the money. The problem is not his income, bu his
address: an Indian reservation. Banks won't make mortgages on Indian land. The
government paperwork can take months, appraisals are hard to get, and the land's
special legal status makes it difficult to foreclose on delinquen loan.

So thousands of Native American families can't buy a house even i they can
afford to pay for one. Thatcould change under a Clinton administration plan to
lure lenders to reservations by offering to guarantee and buy home loans. The
idea will be tested first at two South Dakota reservations, Pine Ridge and Lower
Brule, that are among the poorest areas in the country. ""I like what I see. I
think this will work,'' said Lee, a resident of the Pine Ridge reservation where
an estimated 4,000 familie nee home. Lee, who makes $19,000 working forthe Oglaa
Sioux tribalgovernment, live in a mobile home he's buying. Mobile homes
dpreciatequickly, and Lee's is so drafty that it costs $200 a month to heat in
the winter. But for reservation rsidets who are lucky enough to even have a
homeat all, mobile home often is the only option. The problem is this: Most
Indian land is held in trust by the federal government and can't be pledged as
collateral. A mobile home is easy to finance. The lender can haul it away if the
buyer defaults. A house is different matter. Under the administration' plan, the
government, not the banks, will assume the risk forbad loans. The Department of
Housing and Urban Development will both guaante the loans and, through its
Ginnie Mae subsidiary, buy the mortgages from private lenders. HUD has also
provided money o put in electricity and other infrastructure, so buyers don't
have to pay for them. The Bureau of Indian Affars will help, too, by
streamlining an approval process that cn take up to 18 months. Tribesand thei
members, meanwhile, are being given first crac at buyingforeclosed property so
there's little risk of reservaion land winding up in the hands of non-Indians, a
critical issue for tribes. ""We'll make it work here,'' Housing Secretary Andrew
Cuomo, who visited both South Dakota reservations in August, said in an
interview. ""If it works here it will work on the other reservations.'' The need
is virtually limitless. Forty percent of Indian housing nationwide is considered
substandard, compared to less than 6 percent elsewhere, and 21 percent is
overcrowded, according to the National American Indian Housing Council. The
Oglala Sioux have 1,000 people on a waiting list for tribal housing; many others
have given up. In many cases, three or four families share a single house. ""If
I had 3,500 homes I could fill them in two days,'' said Paul Iron Cloud, who
runs the tribal housing authority. There's still the problem of making the
mortgage payment. Unemployment on Pine Ridge reaches 85 percent during parts of
the year, according to the tribe. ""Private financing is not going to be a
solution to all of that tribe's problems,'' said Chris Boesen, executive
director of the Indian housing council. HUD's project aims to make the housing
as cheap as possible. Payments could be as low as $100 a month, according to
lenders, and buyers may be asked to help with the construction, as is done with
Habitat for Humanity projects. Two major mortgage companies, Norwest Mortgage
and Countrywide Home Loans, will help the Oglala Sioux set up a tribally run
lending agency to work directly with borrowers. Norwest and Countrywide Home
Loans will service the loans initially, then sell them to Ginnie Mae. An
official with Countrywide said standards for borrowers will be eased to help
more people qualify for mortgages. Lee, who is trained as a cabinet maker, is
eager to attend a homebuyers' fair that the tribe is putting on later this month
where tribal members will get a chance to talk directly to lenders. But he says
the project can only help so much. ""It would be good if we're all able to have
affordable housing, but it isn't reality because we don't have jobs here,'' he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Tribal Payday Lenders Can't Be Sued for High Rates, Court Rules

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 667  words


Two online lenders associated with Indian tribes have won the dismissal of a
lawsuit that alleged the companies were operating in violation of Maryland law.

The decision adds to a body of legal cases that functionally give online payday
lenders a green light to keep making exorbitantly costly loans over the
Internet, as long as the lenders are arms of tribes.

U.S. District Judge Catherine Blake did not seem pleased with the outcome she
reached, but indicated she was bound to follow the law.

"The settled law of tribal sovereign immunity is not without unfortunate
consequences," Blake, a President Clinton appointee, wrote in a decision
published Friday.

"Unless Congress chooses to limit tribal sovereign immunity, tribes will
continue to be immune from suits arising from a tribe's commercial activities,
even when they take place off Indian lands."

Ever since tribes became involved with the payday lending business, a trend that
started about a decade ago, they have been tangling with state and federal
authorities. For online payday lenders, affiliations with tribes provided a new
legal shield at a time whenother tactics for evading state interest rate
capswere faltering.

The tribe-affiliated businesses have lost some battles. For example, the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau hasrejectedthe claim that the firms have
sovereign immunity when it comes to federal law.

In addition, a pair of tribes abandoned a suit against New York officials after
a federal appeals courtissued an unfavorable ruling.

But those defeats, and other pending legal challenges, have not yet forced
tribes to retreat from the lucrative online payday lending business. Indeed,
tribal firms have frequently prevailed in court with the argument that they
cannot be sued for violations of state lending laws.

In May 2015 a federal judge in Pennsylvania dismissed a lawsuit brought against
the manager of a tribe-affiliated lender, finding that he was shielded by
sovereign immunity.

In the Maryland suit, which had sought class-action status, Alicia Everette of
Baltimore sued after taking out loans from several different online payday
lenders. One of the defendants, Riverbend Finance, currently quotes annual
percentage rates of 520%-782% on its website, far in excess of Maryland's 24%
interest rate cap.

Riverbend responded to the suit by arguing that it is an economic arm of the
Fort Belknap Indian Community in Montana, and has sovereign immunity. Another
defendant, MobiLoans, stated that it is wholly owned by the Tunica-Biloxi tribe
in Louisiana.

The plaintiff alleged that outside parties maintained functional control of the
tribal lending businesses, and that the tribes' involvement was a sham. But the
judge wrote that no evidence was presented to support those claims.

Representatives of tribal lenders applauded the judge's ruling.

"I think it was a good, straightforward decision that reinforced centuries of
precedent on tribal sovereign immunity," said Charles Galbraith, an attorney who
represented MobiLoans.

"The court rightfully upheld tribes' inalienable right to exercise their
sovereignty as historically mandated by federal policy, and correctly ruled that
these online lending businesses are in fact arms of their tribes," Barry
Brandon, executive director of the Native American Financial Services
Association, said in a press release.

An attorney for the plaintiff declined to comment.

Meanwhile, consumer advocates have not given up hope that tribes and the
companies that work them will be held responsible for violations of state law.
Lauren Saunders, associate director of the National Consumer Law Center, said in
an email that there are numerous other potential legal avenues for holding
various parties responsible.

Despite Friday's ruling, the Maryland lawsuit is not yet over, since its list of
defendants included three individuals who do not qualify for tribal sovereign
immunity. The judge wrote that she will address motions to dismiss filed by
those defendants in a separate opinion.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 21, 2011 Monday

Shakopee Sioux's donations, loans top $80 million

BYLINE: Scott Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 243  words


The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community (SMSC) said it made more than $80
million in charitable donations and loans during fiscal 2010 to various Indian
tribes and organizations.

The breakdown for the SMSC of Prior Lake includes $28.4 million in charitable
donations for, among other things, education and youth programs. The SMSC
outlined its donations in a 24-page report released this week.

In addition the Sioux Community made $60.8 million in loans to six tribes for
capital projects including new casinos and community infrastructure development.

  The Sioux Community's fiscal year runs from Oct. 1 to Sept. 30.

The Sioux Community made economic development and other grants to 18 tribal
nations, totaling $17 million in fiscal 2010. Fifteen tribes, including four in
Minnesota, each received a $1 million tribal grant. Grants funded housing,
tribal infrastructure, economic development, energy assistance, a new casino, a
grocery store, a senior housing complex, and community and administrative
centers.

"As Dakota people, we have a long tradition of sharing with others, so it is
important for us to give back to the larger community. Before Indian gaming,
many of us lived in poverty and struggled to survive. Times were hard. Now we
are able to help others," Sioux Community Chairman Stanley Crooks said in a
statement. "

During the past 13 years, the Sioux Community has donated more than $192.7
million to charitable organizations and Indian tribes.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 22, 1999 Monday 2D EDITION

Indian lineage rules decried Tribal-blood limits called exclusionary

BYLINE: By Sheba R. Wheeler, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 1179 words


The blood of five American Indian nations courses through the veins of
37-year-old Robert Upham.

But he can't call any of them home - his blood lines are too thin.

Four generations of his mother's family are buried on the Fort Belknap
Reservation in Montana, where Upham was raised as a Gros Ventre Indian.

He has lived off the reservation for almost 20 years, and now wants to go home.
But the tribal council won't let Upham enroll as a full citizen in the nation
because he cannot trace one-fourth of his lineage to the Gros Ventre.

He can't secure a job on the reservation, own land there or vote on tribal
matters. He's part Gros Ventre, Assiniboine, Nakota, Kootenai and Salish Indian,
and he suffers the indignity of peers who know him only as "mixed blood."

An increasing number of Native Americans are caught in this dilemma over their
blood quantum, or their percentage of Indian blood. To shed light on this thorny
issue of indigenous identity, Upham and about 75 other Front Range Indians plan
to march from Denver to Boulder on Saturday.

The controversy comes as more than 55,000 Native Americans convened in Denver
this past weekend for the 25th annual Denver March PowWow.

Organizers of the "First Nations Stand" want to use the powwow's momentum to
stir debate, challenging community members to understand that using blood
quantums to determine tribal membership is disenfranchising a growing number of
mixed-blood urban Indian youths.

"Tribal enrollment is racism, a form of genocide," said Upham, who teaches art
and physical education at Escuela Tlatelolco Centro de Estudios in Denver.

"Measuring blood quantums is nothing more than political positioning that makes
your existence competitive from the time you are born. ... All of my pride is
centered on my Indianness. It's sad that they have taken that away."

Many describe the need to measure blood and enroll in a tribe exclusionary, said
Darius Smith, a co-coordinator of the 31-mile march and director of the Denver
Public Schools' Project for Indian Education.

"We start playing God and saying that a person is not Indian because they
weren't raised on a reservation or they are not enrolled," he said. "We use
blood quantum to oppress each other. We use hateful language and call each other
'half breeds."'

Co-organizer Vicky Stott said the issue of tribal identity strikes fear in the
hearts of many Native Americans. They worry that as pure bloodlines dwindle due
to mixed marriages, their families no longer will be considered Indian.

"We are the only group of people in this country who have to prove who we are
with a piece of paper," Stott said. "We are the only group that has to provide
proof of our Indian heritage because of a (enrollment) number. We, as people of
sovereign nations, need to start thinking about the ramifications of these
issues and what it has done to our kids."

In Colorado, Native Americans make up about 1 percent of the population, or
27,000 people, according to the latest census.

The isolation is felt most in the schools, where there may be just one Indian
student per class. About 1,000 Indian youths are enrolled in the Denver Public
Schools.

In history books, indigenous people are portrayed as savages, and teachers often
assume Indian students are poor, victims of alcoholic parents, and slow
learners, Stott said.

They are teased and ridiculed. Notes are tossed on desks with the phrase:
"Stupid Indian go back to your reservation."

At the same time, "full bloods" chastise their urban counterparts who may or may
not be enrolled in a tribe. You can't be an Indian unless you powwow or sweat,
grow your hair long and speak the language, they say.

Many children reject their Indian heritage, too afraid to let others know for
fear of discrimination, Stott said. Others find strength in their roots,
especially if they are allowed to enroll as full citizens of their tribe.

"To be recognized as an Indian, you can walk proud," said 17-year-old high
school senior Monique Fills The Pipe, who lives in Denver. "I'm registered as an
Oglala Sioux. I can prove it. I have my U-number. I belong to something."

But Monique and Stott, like others who believe measuring blood quantums is
troublesome, are conflicted over the necessity of enrollments. They see the
benefits of being enrolled.

Ask Monique to give up enrollment No. 27653, and she won't.

Stott said she has thought about relinquishing her membership in the Wisconsin
Ho-Chunk Nation. She says it helped her stay grounded. She learned the stories
of her people and took pride in the tales of the elders. The tribe gave her
scholarships to attend college, and she brought those skills back to the tribe
to help others.

Still, Stott and Monique believe Indianness should be measured by what's in the
heart, not by what's in the blood.

She and Stott said there are numerous incidents where people claim to have had
Indian blood just to reap benefits from a tribe that may be experiencing some
success through gaming or the discovery of natural resources on their land.

Smith, of Navajo and African-American descent, said several Native Americans
have come into his office asking how to enroll in their tribe. They want their
kids to receive scholarships or they want to claim rights to Indian land or get
housing or business loans.

Tribes as sovereign governments must reserve the exclusive right to determine
their own membership, said Lisa Harjo, an enrolled Choctaw who serves as
executive director of the Denver Indian Center.

Some tribes, such as the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, are relaxing their quantum
requirements and broadening their membership to bring in more financial aid from
the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs to help their members. Others are
maintaining more stringent criteria, such as minimum blood quantums or requiring
members to be born on the reservation, to prevent diluting their bloodline.

Harjo said Native Americans are all victims of a phenomenon in which indigenous
people are proud of who they are, but fearful that others will move in and take
away more of their culture than they already have.

"Our communities are at a place where so much has been stolen from us that the
tribal governments are gripping on to what they have left with a vengeance,"
Harjo said. "They are afraid they are disappearing. They put policies in place
that support their fear."

"We don't want our kids to feel left out, but we are scrambling hard to
perpetuate our nations and protect them," Harjo said. "We are learning and
trying to figure this all out, but we don't have all the answers."

Robert Upham wants to go home. He wants to use his skills as a machinist to help
his tribe.

"We are fighting for our existence, but we won't reach our full potential as a
culture unless we give our children the wings they need to better us," Upham
said.    The First Nations Stand march begins at 8 a.m. Saturday from the steps
of Indian Education building at 1330 Fox St. in Denver and ends at the Native
American Rights Fund at 1506 Broadway in Boulder.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Crissy Pascual Robert Upham, who teaches at
Escuela Tlatelolco in Denver, says, 'Tribal enrollment is racism, a form of
genocide.'

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 20, 1995

Secondary Coming Soon for Indian Mortgages

BYLINE: TED CORNWELL

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Public and private efforts are underway that soon may lead to an active
secondary market for mortgage loans backed by homes on Native American trust
land.

Recently, the Federal National Mortgage Association's credit policy commitee
approved an initiative for Fannie Mae to purchase loans guaranteed by the
Department of Housing and Urban Develolpment and backed by homes on trust land.

An estimated 800,000 people live on Native American trust land, with estimates
by Indian nations themselves ranging much higher.

Ken Goosens director of Native American housing for Fannie Mae, said the agency
hopes that loan deliveries will begin within about three months.

Currently, Fannie Mae is developing the pipeline for buying the loans.

Mr. Goosens said he has talked to quite a number of lenders interested in doing
business on tribal land.

He said the HUD loan guarante help create a database of information about
crucial lending issues such as resale values.

"Conventional lending will follow in its wake." he said.

"You are getting market based forces interested in lending to Native Americans.
The HUD program will teach us a lot about doing this business."

This year, HUD is authorized to guarantee $ 21 million in home loans for
residents of Native American trust lands.

Fannie Mae is working to develop proposed standards for lending on Native
American trust land that would facilitate conventional lending without a
government guarantee.

HUD also has a legislative proposal designed to stimulate economic development
activity on Native American trust lands.

The legislation would create a Native American Financial Services Organization.

The NAFSO, if enacted, would cooperate with the Community Development Financial
Institutions fund to increase the availability of credit and financial services
in Indian Country.

The legislation's prospects are uncertain at this point, but the Republican
Congress is skeptical of new domestic policy initiatives.

HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros, speaking before a Congressional panel on Indian
affairs, said housing problems remain more severe among. Native Americans and
Alaska Natives than for most other Americans.

He said the proposed NAFSO would help bring economic development activity to
Indian Country and facilitate home loan lending.

The legislation would create targets for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchases of
loans to people living in Indian country.

If the secondary market agencies failed to meet the targets, the NAFSO would be
authorized to operate its own secondary market for home loans on trust land.

HUD has proposed to consolidate a number of Native American assistance programs
into block grants targeted to that population.

"Through the creation of several funds which will be adminstered as block
grants, tribes are afforded greater flexibility in creating physical as well as
adminstrative infrastructure to meet the housing needs of their community."
Secretary Cisneros said.

He said the Indian Loan Gurantee Program will facilitate privately financed
residential lending for Native American families who purchase homes on trust
land.

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 17, 1999

Clinton Visit Sparks Pine Ridge Lending

LENGTH: 204 words

Overland Park, KS-As a follow-up to President Clinton's visit to the Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation in South Dakota recently, First Americans Mortgage Corp. will
use its Native American loan delivery system to help George K. Baum & Co. meet
its lending commitment, which was announced by Clinton.

George K. Baum & Co. and Bank One Capital Markets committed to underwriting $
1.5 billion in residential loan financing over the next five years.

FAMC, a subsidiary of AmeriResource Technologies Inc., will and Baum entered
into a strategic alliance on May 20 to deliver residential loan programs to
Native American homebuyers and tribal governments.

John Urbina, senior vice president at Baum, said, "The President's comments last
week were an important endorsement to our efforts to bring affordable housing to
Indian Country.

"We will continue to work jointly with FAMC to make the vision of homeownership
a reality for Native Americans."

Dustan R. Shepherd, president of First Americans, said, "Baum's commitment to
issuing bonds in Indian Country is unprecedented, at no time in the history of
this country has an investment banking firm made such a sizable pledge toward
Native American housing."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

Tribal casino closes due to poor economy

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 901 words


Jul. 15--ONAWA, Iowa -- Visit the Web site of Casino Omaha, and it appears like
a grand place for gaming fun and entertainment. As of press time, the site even
heralds the facility as "the Midwest's most exciting gaming and dining
experience." Just one problem: the casino, owned by the Omaha Tribe of western
Iowa and northeastern Nebraska, shut down June 30.

Gaming and financial experts say the casino is one of the first tribally-owned
gaming facility casualties of the steep economic downturn the industry has faced
in recent times. And some are worried that more tribal casinos could suffer a
similar fate.

"It saddens me to see so many tribes burdened by the downturn of the economy,"
said Bill Lomax, Native American Finance Officers Association president.

"The Omaha Tribe is not alone in its struggle to turn around its casino; many
other tribes are facing serious difficulties."

Kathryn Rand, co-director of the Institute for the Study of Tribal Gaming Law
and Policy, noted that besides layoffs and postponement of expansion plans,
there have been hiring freezes, shortened hours -- a whole range of "tightening
the belt" responses -- at several tribal casinos in recent months.

"There is no doubt that the gaming industry, including the tribal gaming
industry, is feeling the pinch of the recession."

What's so scary about the Omaha Tribe's situation, gaming experts said, is how
quickly the tide turned. In fact, not too many years ago, business was booming.

Jim Hunt, the casino's general manager, recalled that the casino was a strong
performer after it opened in 1992. It provided revenue to support various tribal
projects, and ended up employing about 185 tribal members.

When the doors recently closed, most of the tribal members -- and almost
everyone else, besides Hunt and a couple of other employees -- lost their jobs.

Bill Eadington, director of the Institute for the Study of Gambling and
Commercial Gaming, said casinos in rural areas with a lot of nearby competition
could soon find themselves in similar positions to that of Casino Omaha.

"Some small commercial casinos under those scenarios have been forced to close,"
Eadington said. "It's just a really difficult situation, and the downturn of the
economy has made it all the worse."

Hunt said that competition and the rural location of the casino were less of
reasons for its closure than its need for a substantial remodel and update. When
the casino closed, he noted, it still featured coin-operated slot machines,
which pale in comparison to newer, ticketless technologies.

He said the tribe is working to find a business partner to help them finance a
deal to refurbish the facility, although one has not been found. He added that
the tribe expects the casino to re-open within months.

"Once we get the casino restructured, it will be a much stronger revenue
resource for the tribe for years to come," Hunt said, adding that it will be a
much more streamlined operation.

Will Cummings, a gaming expert who has done research for the Iowa Racing and
Gaming Commission, said Casino Omaha's closure is not terribly surprising,
considering that the gaming market in Iowa is already very competitive -- and
more casinos are expected to open soon.

"The facility had fallen behind the others," Cummings said.

"You have to be able to keep up with the competition. And that can be
exceptionally hard to do in this economy."

Cummings said he didn't know how realistic it would be for the tribe to turn
this situation around in the current economy.

With the economic pressures of late, Lomax said an increasing number of tribes
will find themselves having to buckle down. He doesn't necessarily believe there
will be many closures of tribal casinos, but he said there are a number of
tribes that will need to undertake a restructuring of their debt and seek to
streamline staff and other expenses.

"Several tribes are nearing or currently facing default on their loans," Lomax
said.

"This is a new situation for Indian country and will require those tribes that
do default to enter into negotiations with their creditors to work out new loan
arrangements. This process may in some cases be complicated by tribal
sovereignty issues and the fact that it is unclear whether the bankruptcy code
applies to tribes."

For its part, NAFOA has developed a "turnaround management" seminar focusing on
tribal enterprise restructuring to be held at the NAFOA Annual Conference,
scheduled for Sept. 8 -- 10 at the Tamaya Resort at the Santa Ana Pueblo in New
Mexico.

"As tribes look to restructure their businesses, they need to look at debt load
and payment structures, food and beverage, retail attractions, marketing
budgets, enhanced marketing efforts, and staffing," Lomax said.

"Hard choices and sacrifices will have to be made but by working proactively, I
believe that most of the tribes that are currently struggling will be able to
bring their operations back to profitability. Let's hope we see some recovery in
the economy soon."

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090715-IC-CASINO-20090715

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Hopes for Indian Loan Boosts from Seattle Program

                            August 31, 2001, Friday

BY KATIE KUEHNER-HEBERT



Though based in the heart of Indian country, Ronan State Bank in Ronan, Mont.,
has made only one loan for an Indian housing development since the federal
government began offering banks guarantees on such loans three years ago.

The $84 million-asset bank lent $1.5 million to the neighboring Salish and
Kootenai Housing Authority to build a mobile home park in Pablo, near the
Flathead Indian reservation. But it considered no more such deals, because there
was no buyer on the secondary market to take the first loan off its books.

"Most smaller banks are not able to do long-term loans with their funds,"
because much of their money "would then be tied up and so they couldn't loan any
more money," said Ben Graves, the manager of Ronan State's Pablo office.

That could change now that the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle has created a
secondary market for the federally guaranteed construction loans.

The Home Loan bank said last week that it would buy up to $100 million in loans
that its members make to developers of affordable housing on tribal lands under
a little-known guaranteed loan program run by the Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

The idea is to jump-start the HUD-guaranteed program, said Judy Dailey, who
heads the Home Loan bank's community and research department.

"For some of the smaller banks, having an outlet to sell these loans is very
important," Ms. Dailey said. Her bank's plan "can help HUD and the tribes
generate excitement in this tool," she said.

"Through this program, lenders can offer tribes better interest rates to make
their housing projects more affordable, and it also creates a terrific business
investment for the banks."

HUD guarantees 95% of each long-term loan to developers that build homes on
reservations. It has the authority to back up to $200 million of the loans, but
only five deals, totaling $10 million, have been made.

The Seattle Home Loan Bank would not be the first to buy the HUD-backed loans.
Fannie Mae, which has a $350 million commitment on tribal lands, bought one. But
Fannie is mainly interested in buying individual mortgages, said Mark
Vanderlinden, its director of housing and community development.

First National Bank of Anchorage lent $1.7 million to the Asa'carsarmuit tribe
in Mountain Village, Alaska, for an apartment development under the HUD program.
Steve Dick, a commercial loan officer for the $1.6 billion-asset bank, said the
Seattle program will encourage it to seek more business from Native Americans,
who make up nearly 20% of Alaska's population.

"There are well over 100 tribes in Alaska, and doing business with them is good
business for us," Mr. Dick said. "So the more tools we have to help them, the
better."

Still, though First National expects to make more of the HUD-guaranteed loans,
it may not necessarily sell them to the Home Loan bank. In some cases, Mr. Dick
said, it would be to First National's advantage to keep the loans on its books.

That would be fine with Ms. Dailey. Most banks do not even know about the HUD
program, she said, so at the very least the Home Loan bank's new initiative and
accompanying direct mail campaign will make it better known.

HUD has mainly relied on tribes to market the program to neighboring banks, a
department official said.

Central Bank and Trust of Lander, Wyo., has one of its branches on the Wind
River Indian Reservation in Fort Washakie, but "we didn't even know this program
existed," said Bill Von Holtum, the chairman of the $50 million-asset bank.

Ms. Dailey said the Seattle bank is initially marketing its initiative just to
banks in its own district. However, it is ready to buy the loans from any bank
in the Home Loan Bank System, she said.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 639 words

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Dick

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2010 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                  2010 / 2011

                           American Indian Law Review

                           35 Am. Indian L. Rev. 107

LENGTH: 18903 words

COMMENT: JUST SAY NO (TO AMERICAN CAPITALISM): WHY AMERICAN INDIANS SHOULD
REJECT THE MODEL TRIBAL SECURED TRANSACTIONS ACT AND OTHER ATTEMPTS TO PROMOTE
ECONOMIC ASSIMILATION

NAME: Aaron Drue Johnson*

BIO:


* Third-year student, University of Oklahoma College of Law.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... A relevant and essential benefit enjoyed by tribal governments over private
enterprise is the ability to obtain large amounts of financial capital at
reasonable interest rates.  ... Part II of this comment provides the necessary
background information, including examinations of the current economic status of
most American Indians, the historical factors that led to the current economic
crisis, and the development of the MTSTA itself.  ... Part III explores the
manner in which the MTSTA fails to address the relevant social factors that make
American Indians more vulnerable to predatory lending at the hands of
off-reservation creditors.  ... Regardless of which solution adopting tribes
choose, off-reservation creditors cannot be granted excessive leeway in
declaring default and accelerating loans against tribal debtors.  ... While some
tribal governments have the ability to issue tax-exempt bonds - debt securities
"in which the interest portion of the debt service paid is not included in gross
income" - the borrowed proceeds must be used in the exercise of essential
governmental functions, and those tribes must nonetheless compete with other
government entities for those funds.  ... Financial economies, another example,
occur as larger firms find it easier than small businesses to obtain lenders and
to raise money at low interest.  ... In those treaties, the United States
obtained desired land from Indian tribes, "and in return, the United States set
aside reservation lands for those tribes and guaranteed that the federal
government would respect 'the sovereignty of the tribes, would 'protect' the
tribes, and would provide food, clothing, and services to the tribes.'"

TEXT:
 [*107]

   I. Introduction


   The economic plight of most American Indians is well documented and widely
known. Efforts undertaken by private citizens and the United States government
have done little to combat the cycle of poverty. Recently, the National
Conference of Commissioners for Uniform Commercial Laws (NCCUSL) has proposed
its own solution to the poverty conundrum: the Model Tribal Secured Transactions
Act (MTSTA). n1 The purpose of the Act is to provide uniformity and lender
security to afford financial capital to privately owned businesses in Indian
Country. n2 Legislative measures similar to the MTSTA have proven effective at
promoting comparable loans in all fifty states. n3 Nevertheless, American Indian
tribes must be aware that the negative consequences of adopting the MTSTA will
likely outweigh its practical economic benefits.


   The MTSTA is more than a simple legislative action. It is reflective of a
school of thought that emphasizes free markets and capitalism as the only
antidote to the ongoing economic crisis that plagues this country's first
inhabitants. n4 By adopting the MTSTA, a tribe would signal to its inhabitants
and to off-reservation businesspeople that it intends to amalgamate into the
[*108]  larger American economic system. n5 While most of the American
intelligentsia would deem such integration beneficial, or even necessary, n6
other avenues are more promising and pose much less risk to the American Indian
populace. Solving the economic crisis the right way will require great amounts
of unity and fortitude, as Native Americans must develop and utilize political
capital to attain the benefits of an economically successful populace. There is
no doubt that the plight of the American Indians was caused and has been
perpetuated by European invaders. n7 They must shield themselves from
exploitation by the same group. In addition to being wholly inadequate to combat
the problem of poverty in Indian Country, the MTSTA effectively fosters further
exploitation.


   Part II of this comment provides the necessary background information,
including examinations of the current economic status of most American Indians,
the historical factors that led to the current economic crisis, and the
development of the MTSTA itself. Part III explores the manner in which the MTSTA
fails to address the relevant social factors that make American Indians more
vulnerable to predatory lending at the hands of off-reservation creditors. Part
IV explains why the current economic model adopted by most tribes, with its
emphasis on centralized tribal ownership, is more conducive to widespread growth
than the system of private business ownership promoted by the Act. Part V
examines the advantages that tribally owned enterprises enjoy over economies
centered on private enterprise. Part VI briefly examines a few political
objectives that tribes should pursue to further development efforts. This
comment concludes in Part VII.


   II. Background


   A. Origins of the Economic Crisis


   After they have shaken off their fear of us, they display a liberality in
their behavior which no one would believe without witnessing it.   [*109]  No
request of anything from them is ever refused, but they rather invite acceptance
of what they possess, and manifest such generosity that they would give away
their own hearts. Let the article be of great or small value, they offer it
readily, and receive anything which is tendered in return with perfect content.
. . . Such conduct cannot be ascribed to their want of understanding, for they
are people of much ingenuity. n8


   - Christopher Columbus


   The America that Christopher Columbus "discovered" was not one filled with
savages. To the contrary, its inhabitants had learned to organize into complex
societies, cultivate crops, and live in peace and harmony. n9 American Indians
had their own religious beliefs, which allowed them to align themselves with
nature and coexist with minimal conflict. n10 Attempts by European missionaries
to convert American Indians to Christianity were usually unsuccessful, as
"almost all Indians felt that Christianity offered them very little compared to
their own beliefs." n11 Contrary to the well-documented brutality and forced
imperialism that had occurred throughout Europe for millennia, "there appear to
have been very few instances of extensive warfare" among Indians before the
arrival of Europeans. n12 Conflicts among American Indians were usually settled
by compromise, and there was enough land and food for everyone. n13


   The peaceful existence of the Native American tribes changed with the arrival
of Europeans. Despite that "most Indian tribes openly welcomed, assisted, and
traded" with the Europeans, the "Europeans maintained their friendship with the
Indians only when it served their interests." n14 As early European invaders
failed to uncover the riches that they had imagined, they began to threaten and
kill Indians. n15 Many Indians were kidnapped and sold as slaves in Europe. n16
These early acts were merely the beginning of centuries of exploitation and
broken promises. In 1828, Andrew Jackson made removal  [*110]  policy - the
removal of the eastern Indian tribes to the West - the "dominant federal Indian
policy of the nineteenth century." n17 In their treaties with the federal
government, "many eastern tribes were promised . . . new homes in Arkansas,
Kansas, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, or Wisconsin." n18 Nearly all of those
treaties were broken. n19


   Federal Indian policy took another turn in 1887 with the passage of the
General Allotment Act. n20 The Act was designed "to extinguish tribal
sovereignty, erase reservation boundaries, and force the assimilation of Indians
into the society at large." n21 The Act effectively freed land for non-Indian
settlement, as tribal members were granted separate parcels of land and
remaining tribal lands were sold to non-Indian farmers and ranchers. n22
Attempts to assimilate Indians were "fiercely resisted," and efforts to do so
"failed miserably." n23


   After a brief period of benevolence toward Indian tribes under Franklin
Roosevelt, n24 the United States brought American Indians to the "brink of
disaster" during the termination era. n25 Nineteen fifty-three marked the
beginning of a new policy of terminating the tribes' trust relationship with the
federal government, "and, as a consequence, [the tribes'] loss of federal
benefits and support services and the destruction of [the tribes'] government[s]
and reservation[s]." n26 A relocation program was created in 1956 to offer "job
training and housing assistance to Indians who would leave the reservation for
urban areas." n27 Nearly one-third of those who joined the program returned to
the reservations after the government's promises went unfulfilled. n28


   This historical background must not be disregarded. Before we preach the
capitalist gospel, we should remain mindful of two points. First, American
[*111]  Indians have a rich tradition that allowed them to prosper and coexist
peacefully for centuries prior to the European colonization. n29 Second,
American Indians have repeatedly suffered abuse and exploitation at the hands of
Americans who claim to have their best interests in mind. n30 Tribes should be
mindful of the possibility that the move toward capitalism promoted by the Model
Tribal Secured Transactions Act may be reminiscent of these past abuses.


   B. Current Economic Conditions in Indian Country


   Today, reservation Indians are among the poorest people in the United States.
n31 High rates of "poverty, unemployment, and substandard housing" among Native
Americans have caused observers to compare Indian reservations to "third-world
countries." n32 The statistics support that comparison. The unemployment rate
among Indians is nearly forty-five percent. n33 Close to one-third of Indian
households live below the poverty line, and many Indians live without basic
necessities "such as running water and electricity." n34 These dire conditions
survive despite a surge in development efforts on these lands in recent decades.
n35


   Contrary to popular belief, Indians cannot rely upon gaming to support their
economies and lift members of their ranks from poverty. As of 2005, only 224 of
the more than 560 existing Indian tribes had gaming operations. n36 In addition,
"the economic benefits of gaming are not [evenly] distributed throughout Indian
Country." n37 This is unlikely to change, as "[m]ost reservations, frequently
the most impoverished, are too remote to attract many customers, so incurring
sizeable fixed costs for gaming operations would actually reduce tribal
welfare." n38 There is also debate as to whether gaming is  [*112]  "truly
advantageous" to those tribes who engage in it, as tribes must "subject[]
themselves to increased federal and state regulation" to conduct gaming
activity. n39 Tribes must therefore pursue alternative and innovative industry
if sustainable economic growth is to be achieved.


   C. Scope of the Issue


   American Indian tribal entities present unique challenges in development
economics for several reasons. First, Native Americans have a distinctive
history. Centuries of exploitation and coerced displacement have uprooted and
eliminated some cultural idiosyncrasies. n40 Tribes have thus been forced to
adapt to changing and unpredictable circumstances while attempting to maintain
self-identity. That balancing act continues in full force among most American
Indians to this day, and any attempt to significantly alter the economic and
political structure of Indian tribes must take such factors into consideration.
Furthermore, the tumultuous history of American Indians has fostered a deep
skepticism toward the federal government. n41 Where the typical third-world
country would clamor for an opportunity to be integrated within the Western
global economy, American Indians display an understandable resistance toward
assimilation and integration. n42 Second, the cyclical erosion and restoration
of tribal sovereignty has led to an uncertainty among tribal governments that is
atypical in the average developing nation. n43 Finally, tribes have been
incentivized to employ economic structures favoring centralized business
ownership and implementation. n44 This also flies in the face of traditional
development economics. International entities such as the World Bank and the
International Monetary Fund are notoriously insistent upon open markets, free
trade, and private ownership. n45

     [*113]

   Among the most daunting of issues facing tribal economic development is the
reality that tribes and individuals "lack access to financial capital." n46
Tribes "cite lack of capital as one of the five main obstacles they face to
economic development." n47 It is simply impossible to implement profitable
business endeavors without adequate financing.


   American Indians generally lack access to the primary methods that
businesspeople use to finance new enterprise - "family money, home equity, and
the usual credit channels." n48 Access to family money, of course, cannot be
increased without overall economic improvement. Obtaining home equity is
typically even more difficult because the federal government owns fee title to
Indian trust land with the tribes retaining a right of occupancy, n49 and
because Indian trust land is consequently subject to transfer restrictions
imposed by Acts of Congress, Indian treaties, and proclamations from the
Secretary of the Interior. n50 American Indians who cannot obtain financial
capital from public sources such as the federal government therefore must
usually rely upon the third method - normal credit channels. Doing so has proved
difficult, as perceived instability in tribal governments and policies prevent
outside lenders from making investments in Indian Country. n51 Access to capital
"is first and foremost a problem of political development" n52 and is "hampered
in Indian Country by the lack of standard laws governing business and lending
transactions." n53


   D. The Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act-A Primer


   The aim of the MTSTA is to govern the law of secured transactions among
Indian tribes that have adopted the Act. n54 A secured transaction is a
transaction that is founded on a security agreement and gives rise to a security
[*114]  interest. n55 A security interest is a property interest created to
secure performance of an obligation. n56 A mortgage agreement, for example, is a
secured transaction. n57 In a mortgage situation, a creditor forwards money to a
debtor in return for the debtor's promise to repay the loan. n58 As a condition
for the loan, the creditor takes an interest in the debtor's real property that
may become possessory if the debtor fails to repay the loan. n59 The creditor is
"secured" by the debtor's property. n60


   The MTSTA governs transactions that are similar to the mortgage situation in
most respects, except the nature of the collateral. The MTSTA is similar to
Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in that it governs secured transactions
concerning security interests in personal property rather than realty. n61
Creditors prefer to be secured creditors for two main reasons. First, secured
transactions provide strong incentives to debtors to pay their debts. n62 When a
restaurant owner stands to lose vital equipment upon failure to repay a loan,
her entire livelihood may be at stake. She will certainly have strong incentives
to make that loan a priority as she pays her debts. Second, in the event that
the debtor defaults, the creditor will be in a better position to recover all or
part of the debt owed to it. n63 If our hypothetical restaurant owner failed to
pay the debt owed to a bank, the bank would thus be able to foreclose on her
equipment and use the proceeds from sale to recover what is owed. n64


   Outside banks have proven reluctant to lend money to individuals and entities
in Indian Country largely because of fears that their interests will not be
enforced by tribal governments and courts. n65 Furthermore, the variances in law
and policy among the more than 560 American tribes are seen as a burden  [*115]
to lenders who otherwise can adhere largely to a single body of law in all fifty
states. n66


   The NCCUSL promulgated the MTSTA in 2005 to address the issue of uniformity
and lender security. n67 NCCUSL is also the organization responsible for
drafting the Uniform Commercial Code, Article 9 of which governs secured
transactions, in whole or significant part, in all fifty states. n68 The NCCUSL
took steps to ensure that the MTSTA was sensitive to the cultural and economic
customs of the Indian tribes. n69 The Act was drafted in liaison with Native
American tribes to ensure that such factors were taken into account. n70 Despite
attempts to ensure that the MTSTA is sensitive to the cultural and ethnic
considerations of American Indians, it simply does not offer adequate protection
to those who are unfamiliar with the Darwinian nature of the American capitalist
system.


   III. The Problem of Predatory Lending n71


   Adam Smith's An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations,
n72 released in 1776, earned its Scottish author the title "the father of modern
economic theory." n73 Perhaps the most influential theme of the book is that of
the "invisible hand" - the concept that the aggregate of all individuals, guided
by self-interest in a society, will have the cumulative effect of creating
wealth in the overall society. n74

     [*116]

   The United States has implemented much of Smith's theory with obvious
success. An illustrative application of Smith's invisible-hand theory to the
current discussion would appear as follows: Off-reservation lenders seeking to
attain wealth will make loans in Indian Country that they deem worth the risk so
that they may profit by collecting interest. Similarly, Indians, also seeking
wealth, will accept those loans if they consider the terms of the loans offered
by off-reservation lenders to be satisfactory. In an ideal scenario, each party
will correctly make the decisions that are most individually favorable, and each
party, in turn, will benefit. Rarely is reality so seamless. In the real world,
the party with the greatest bargaining power will tend to receive more favorable
treatment under the agreement. n75 While the typical off-reservation bank will
have no trouble surviving without issuing high-risk loans in Indian Country, the
struggling American Indian will likely find any loan - even those that make him
extremely vulnerable - to be attractive.


   Lenders are known to target America's poorest people. n76 It is therefore
unsurprising that Native Americans are disproportionately affected by predatory
lending, according to a recent study carried out by the Center for Responsible
Lending. n77 Actualizing the MTSTA's stated objective of facilitating private
investment could open a Pandora's box of unfair business dealing and
manipulation, doing more harm than good to consumers and aspiring business
owners. For several reasons, including a lack of experience with the American
financial system, language issues, and the increased risk caused by legal
uncertainty in Indian Country, American Indians may be even more vulnerable than
other minority groups in similar economic circumstances to the harmful lending
practices of financial institutions. The MTSTA does not do enough to combat this
threat, and unfortunately, strong efforts to amend the Act would ultimately
eliminate its effectiveness.


   A. Factors Rendering Native Americans Vulnerable to Predatory Lending


   1. Lack of Financial Literacy


   Financial illiteracy in the face of today's exotic lending market has proven
[*117]  to be a pervasive issue that affects more than the country's poor. n78
Even among highly educated people, a good proportion are not financially
literate. n79 Lack of financial literacy could be a critical issue in Indian
Country for at least three reasons. The first issue concerns the performance of
the educational systems in Indian Country. Tribal school student performance
remains significantly lower than that of public school students, and drop-outs
are disproportionately high. n80 In addition, "half [of] the adult Indian
population lacks a high school diploma." n81


   The second problem is linguistic in nature. "As recently as 1994,
approximately one-third of all students in BIA and tribal schools spoke a
language other than English in their home, and . . . about twenty-eight percent
had limited English proficiency." n82 Without a strong grounding in the English
language, it is unlikely that a borrower could understand the complex legalese
often present in security agreements.


   Finally, American Indians' lack of experience in dealing with off-reservation
banks could prove problematic. While many Americans acquire extensive experience
with the financial system as they secure mortgage loans to buy a home, Native
Americans rarely gain such experience. n83 In fact, "even middle and upper
income Indians on reservations are confronted by inadequate housing, a situation
aggravated by a lack of access to home mortgages." n84 Another factor that leads
to limited experience with commercial lenders is the nature of most tribal
economies, which tend to feature relatively little private enterprise. n85 While
tribal governments are experienced in matters regarding  [*118]  business and
development, n86 the typical reservation inhabitant simply does not have that
experience. n87


   2. Risk


   A very thin line separates unfair predatory lending and equitable, mutually
beneficial subprime lending. n88 Virtually all lenders scrutinize the ability of
potential borrowers to repay a loan by examining, inter alia, their income,
assets, and credit history. n89 Borrowers who are deemed to pose higher risks
are charged higher rates than those who seem to pose little risk of non-
repayment. n90 Trouble arises when lenders charge excessive rates to desperate
borrowers under the guise of fair subprime lending. Even if tribes implement the
MTSTA, lenders will still claim that loans granted in Indian Country are
excessively risky.


   Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code has been in place in all fifty
states for decades. n91 Lenders can simply look to a state's case law to
determine how issues arising under the statute will be handled. Conversely,
lenders in the immediate future will be unable to look to tribal courts, which
are not bound by the precedent of any state. n92 Furthermore, attempts by
lenders to insert contractual provisions designed to minimize jurisdictional
quarrels may be ineffective. For example, a contractual provision granting an
off-reservation lender a right to self-help repossession of property located on
reservation land could be deemed unenforceable if the provision conflicts with
tribal law. Such was the case in Babbitt Ford v. Navajo Indian Tribe. n93 This
legal uncertainty, coupled with the high poverty rates of American Indians and
the potential difficulty of repossessing collateral on reservation lands, would
do much to support a lender's assertion that loans to tribal debtors warrant
[*119]  high rates of interest. It is almost inevitable that many loans,
examined either ex ante or ex post, would be deemed unfair or even predatory.


   3. Race


   We must not deny reality. Native Americans will likely be targeted with
unfair lending practices because of their race. The subprime predatory lending
problem is disproportionately concentrated in minority communities. n94
Statistics indicate that the gap in subprime lending practices cannot be
explained by disparities in income alone. n95 A HUD/Treasury study determined
that the disproportionate concentration of predatory lending in minority groups
existed not only in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, but in high-income
neighborhoods as well. n96 The study's findings are startling. For example, the
study found that "borrowers . . . in upper-income black neighborhoods [are]
twice as likely as homeowners in low-income white neighborhoods to refinance
with a subprime loan." n97


   HUD gives several reasons for the discrepancy. The HUD report asserts that
"the disproportionate amount of subprime lending in certain neighborhoods likely
results from the following factors: differences in credit characteristics of
borrowers; differences in the types of loans (e.g. small balance loans); and
less competition from mainstream lenders." n98 Moreover, it asserts that
"[l]ow-income and minority neighborhoods may be especially vulnerable to abusive
lending practices because subprime lending tends to be concentrated in these
neighborhoods." n99


   Notwithstanding HUD's conclusions, American Indians are free to make their
own inferences in response to these statistics. My feeling, however, is that
Native American tribes that adopt the MTSTA are inviting the same type of
harmful lending practices documented in the HUD study. The MTSTA simply does not
provide adequate protection against racially disproportionate predatory-lending
practices.

     [*120]

   B. Shortcomings of the MTSTA


   There is no doubt that entering into business is inherently risky. Attempts
to eliminate that risk are generally futile and often harmful. n100 The MTSTA,
however, barely accounts for the excessive risks posed to potential tribal
debtors entering into agreements with off-reservation lenders. The Act fails
most significantly in three areas: (1) it maintains the same consumer/commercial
distinctions as Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code without offering
enhanced protection for tribal commercial debtors, (2) it places no additional
limits on what can serve as collateral to secure a loan, and (3) it places no
limitations on a debtor's ability to declare default under an "insecurity
clause," leaving the flimsy "fair dealing" duty as a debtor's only protection.
n101 Each of these issues will be examined in turn.


   1. Consumer/Commercial Debtor Distinction


   The Uniform Commercial Code includes several specific protections for
consumer debtors, as opposed to commercial ones. n102 The rationale behind these
provisions is that consumers are generally less knowledgeable of commercial
business practices and are therefore more susceptible to exploitation. n103 The
same rationale may be applied to commercial debtors on many Indian reservations.
Many tribes have not opened their markets to facilitate widespread private
enterprise among members. n104 New business owners thus may be as vulnerable to
exploitation by experienced investors as consumer borrowers. It is therefore
critical to include provisions that ensure borrowers will be informed of their
rights and duties with respect to secured credit. Fortunately, much can be done
in this regard without substantially burdening the rights of creditors.


   If such protections are not implemented to protect tribal commercial debtors,
then it is imperative that tribal governments find some way to ensure that
budding business owners have access to adequate legal counsel and/or business
education. Off- reservation creditors are likely to target inexperienced  [*121]
tribal businesspeople. n105 The frequent distinctions between consumer and
commercial debtors make those business owners substantially more vulnerable to
abuse. n106


   2. No Limitations on What Can Serve as Collateral


   The lack of home ownership in Indian Country has a substantial impact on
overall tribal economies. Nearly a third of all home-equity lines of credit in
the United States are taken out for business purposes. n107 Far too few Indians
own homes to support sustainable business growth and necessary access to
affordable capital sources. n108 Complex legal issues, including the
inalienability of Indian trust land by tribes and their members absent
government consent, have rendered individual home ownership in Indian Country
almost nonexistent. n109 Because of such barriers, "home ownership rates for []
moderate- and higher-income Native Americans are still well below home ownership
rates for non-Indians at the same income level." n110


   The nature of ownership in Indian Country demands that most American Indians
find sources other than their homes to serve as collateral for off-reservation
loans. n111 Limits on what may serve as collateral are non-existent in the Act.
States typically deal with this issue by passing "exemption statutes," which
protect debtors by sheltering specified property from forced  [*122]  sale. n112
Any tribe that elects to pass the MTSTA as proposed must be sure that it
contains an exemption provision providing adequate protection to tribal debtors.


   One Navajo Nation tribal court judge noted that granting security interests
in collateral essential to one's survival renders debtors exceptionally
vulnerable to the whims of creditors. n113 Commenting on the negative nature of
the self-help-repossession remedy, the Navajo Tribal Court has labeled the
doctrine of self-help "an archaic legal provision" that has permitted
businesspeople to "ride rough shod over consumers" by "holding [] essential
property needed for daily life as a means of extorting money from the consumer."
n114


   Given the lack of home ownership in Indian Country, it is difficult to
imagine the items of value that desperately poor Indians would pledge as
collateral. Without protection, American Indians would certainly be vulnerable
to the type of extortionate practices railed against by the Navajo Nation court.


   3. Exploitation Through Default Provisions


   A secured party may carry out the remedies made available in the MTSTA only
after default on the part of the debtor. n115 The prospect of debtor abuse
arises when "default" is not clearly defined. n116 Generally, "default" is
defined as "the debtor's failure to pay a debt when due or otherwise perform the
agreement between the debtor and creditor." n117 The precise terms of default
are stipulated in the security agreement between the parties, and agreements
generally contain broad definitions of default that favor the creditor. n118
Most agreements include an insecurity clause, which generally states that a
debtor is in default "[w]henever [the] Secured Party in good faith believes the
prospect of payment or performance is impaired or in good faith believes the
collateral is insecure." n119 Such an expansive provision gives a creditor
almost unlimited authority to call a loan at his option. Debtors, however, are
protected under the MTSTA by a provision requiring parties to "be honest and
[*123]  act in a manner that is consistent with reasonable commercial standards
of fair dealing." n120 The question of what constitutes "good faith" in calling
a loan is therefore not left entirely to the discretion of the creditor. A
tribal court would have the authority under the MTSTA to impose its own
definition of good faith and fair dealing if the issue were to arise. The lack
of concrete limitations on when creditors may call a loan could, however, be
problematic. Reliance upon the good- faith provision gives tribal courts a great
deal of discretion, but distrust of tribal courts among off-reservation
creditors could increase the risk profile of loans in Indian Country. Such an
increase in risk would undoubtedly be accompanied by increases in interest
rates. n121


   Tribes that adopt the MTSTA could provide additional protection to debtors by
adding statutory provisions requiring creditors to notify debtors of their
intent to accelerate, which would grant the debtor a chance to cure and
reinstate. n122 Some courts have imposed the requirement judicially. The Ninth
Circuit, for example, has stated that "[b]oth state and federal courts have made
clear the unquestionable principle that, even when the terms of a note do not
require notice or demand as a prerequisite to accelerating a note, the holder
must take affirmative action to notify the debtor that it intends to
accelerate." n123


   Regardless of which solution adopting tribes choose, off-reservation
creditors cannot be granted excessive leeway in declaring default and
accelerating loans against tribal debtors. The balance of power in these
transactions already favors off-reservation creditors. n124 The ability to evoke
an agreement's insecurity clause to call a loan would grant creditors
extraordinary leverage and harmful influence.

     [*124]

   C. Why Correcting the Act Is Impractical: The Necessity of the Self-Help
Remedy


   Identifying the flaws in the MTSTA is easy. Yet, because of the nature of the
Act and the business of lending, correcting these flaws is virtually impossible.
Creditors will be unwilling to invest in Indian Country if their rights are not
protected, and the MTSTA already includes an enormous concession that could
deter creditors: the absence of a self-help-repossession remedy. n125 An in-
depth discussion of this omission is warranted for two reasons. First, the
decision is easily the MTSTA's most noteworthy departure from Article 9.
Virtually no discussion of the Act would be complete without addressing its
absence. Second, the absence of a self-help-repossession remedy illustrates how
difficult it is to shift the balance of power legislatively by offering enhanced
debtor protection. Each action taken to protect debtors reduces the efficacy of
the Act.


   Section 9-609 of the MTSTA limits the manner in which secured creditors can
take possession of property after default by a debtor. n126 The creditor may
take possession unless otherwise agreed by the parties, but the secured party
may do so only after obtaining consent of the debtor or acquiring the right
through the judicial process. n127 This provision differs from Article 9 of the
Uniform Commercial Code, which allows a secured party to repossess collateral
without appealing to the judicial process. n128 In a legislative note, the
NCCUSL observes the economic efficiencies of allowing self-help repossession and
implicitly suggests that adopting tribes consider a provision modeled after the
Uniform Commercial Code. n129


   The Committee's stated reason for requiring debtor consent or judicial
authorization as a prerequisite for repossession of collateral is "that issues
involving repossession are typically reserved to Tribal courts." n130 It is more
likely, however, that the Committee simply did not want to deter tribes from
adopting the MTSTA by including one of the most controversial elements of
Article 9. Even in general American society, where the cultural divisions are
not nearly as pronounced as those involving transactions between reservation
[*125]  borrowers and off-reservation lenders, the self-help remedy of Article 9
has caused a great deal of friction and litigation. n131 The Code stipulates
that secured parties may use the remedy only if they can do so without breaching
the peace. n132 The contention surrounds the repossession service's legal
boundaries in seizing collateral without breaching the statutory duty. n133


   It is obvious why this provision would generate great scrutiny among Indian
tribes. One can only imagine the potential for commotion as outside lenders
encroach upon reservation property to seize goods in the possession of its
inhabitants. In addition to provoking resistance from tribal citizens, issues
such as this can easily be mired in legal complexities involving tribal
sovereignty. n134 Long before the MTSTA was promulgated, tribal courts expressed
disdain for the self-help provision. n135 There is a logical fear that outside
lenders, often unsympathetic to the cultural sensitivities of tribal people,
will use the leverage acquired through a security interest to abuse debtors.
n136 Any community looking to adopt the MTSTA must address the issue, as a
failure to do so could result in a rejection of the Act by tribal members.


   Despite the complications introduced by inclusion of the self-help remedy,
the availability of self-help repossession is crucial to creditors, and a piece
of legislation that does not afford the remedy may not satisfactorily achieve
its end. The remedy is not novel, as "[e]ven before the [Uniform Commercial
Code], [] creditor[s] w[ere] allowed to repossess [] chattel[s] using self-help
methods." n137 For several reasons, the remedy is popular and pervasive despite
its obvious faults. Litigation and law enforcement can be expensive and  [*126]
inconvenient. n138 In American courts, creditors "must obtain a court order for
possession" before enlisting the sheriff to levy on the property at issue, and
"[t]he easiest way to obtain such an order is by filing an action for replevin."
n139 The creditor can usually get a hearing within ten to twenty days, but the
party must usually post a bond to protect the debtor in the event that the
debtor ultimately prevails in the action. n140 Alternatively, exercising the
right to self-help repossession typically saves time and money. n141
Furthermore, debtors who will soon be dispossessed of a piece of property "may
have little incentive to preserve and maintain the property." n142 Once alerted
of an impending repossession, debtors may even actively seek to diminish the
value of the collateral. n143 Self-help repossession therefore aids in
protecting the property at issue.


   That the omission of a single provision could potentially jeopardize the
effectiveness of the entire Act is illustrative of a greater dilemma.
Exploitation of tribal debtors by off-reservation lenders should be expected if
legislation is passed to facilitate off-reservation lending. Attempts to
minimize such predatory practices, however, could render the MTSTA useless.
Unless the benefits of the legislation outweigh the risks, it should be
rejected.


   IV. Exploring the Act's Potential for Actual Effectiveness


   There is truth to the adage, "Beggars cannot be choosers." But that adage is
not applicable here. Admittedly, the potential evils regarding predatory lending
seem minor in comparison to the dire economic circumstances facing the vast
majority of reservation Indians. If the MTSTA - along with the accompanied shift
toward private business ownership - could serve as a viable tool in facilitating
real economic development, no one would allow the potential for exploitation to
stand in its way. Regrettably, the Act is unlikely to abet development efforts.
While the current economic models of most tribes have clearly been ineffective,
n144 those models should not be abandoned.   [*127]  Instead, tribes should seek
to improve the efficiency of the current models while making only gradual,
controlled movement toward economic assimilation.


   The MTSTA is designed to promote loans to private individuals who seek to
start and operate private businesses. n145 Governments who seek to obtain
financial capital do not do so through the type of private loans governed by the
MTSTA. n146 The adoption and success of the Act thus is contingent on the
ability of private individuals to start businesses in the first place. American
Indians rank "last in the United States in the number of privately owned
businesses and business income per capita." n147 A large percentage of
commercial enterprise in tribal areas is owned, run, and operated by tribal
governments. n148 The current economic systems of Indian tribes resulted largely
from past federal Indian policy in which the federal government operated and
funded much commercial activity in Indian Country. n149 As a consequence of
these policies, the economic systems of most tribal governments resemble
socialist economies. n150


   Tax incentives provided by the federal government also encourage tribes to
adopt socialist structures. Specifically, "[t]ribes are exempt from state and
federal income taxes, empowered to levy their own taxes and devise their own
business codes, and often exempt from federal and/or state economic regulation."
n151 There is no doubt that the socialist structure of most tribal economies
presents problems. Most scholars argue that such schemes are unsatisfactory and
will not lead to sustained development. One such scholar asserts that "the
number one problem for tribal enterprises is separating politics from day-to-day
business affairs." n152 Another shortcoming of this type of system is that
managers may not be adequately motivated to work toward the firm's profit
maximization. n153 In private firms, shareholders ensure that  [*128]
performance by managers is adequately compensated and rewarded. n154 Conversely,
"[i]t generally has not been politically acceptable for government officials to
gain significantly off the operations of businesses that are . . . publicly
owned." n155


   Attempts to ensure that management in state-owned operations will have
adequate incentives by linking pay to performance are generally ineffective. As
economist Ha- Joon Chang explains, the difficulty results from phenomenon known
as the "principal- agent problem," which is caused by the "fundamental gap in
information" that exists between the citizenry (principals) and hired managers
(agents). n156 Essentially, "the principal will find it very difficult to prove
that" the business's "poor performance" was caused by the agent's deficient
management. n157


   Another factor contributing to the inefficiency of state-run enterprises is
the "free-rider" problem. This term refers to "[t]he problem [] that any
increase in profit resulting from the extra monitoring of the [state-owned
enterprise] managers by some citizens will be shared by every citizen, while
only those citizens who do the monitoring pay the costs." n158 The effect is
that the effort expended by the monitoring citizens will not reap adequate
returns for those individuals. Everyone will elect to "free-ride," and no one
will take the necessary action to detect and eliminate poor managerial
performance.


   These problems are mitigated among Indian tribes because the effective
stockholders in Indian tribes (the voting-age members of the tribe) are
relatively few in number and have personal access to agents. n159 These tribal
members can pressure agents to serve their interests.


   While the state-owned enterprise has its downsides, the private-sector firm
is vulnerable to the very same issues. n160 In the future, it will likely be
wise for tribes to make some movement toward private ownership; however,
wholesale abandonment of current tribal economic principles is unnecessary. Such
a  [*129]  shift would be impractical because tribal governments would be unable
to raise adequate revenue by taxing tribal members. n161 Most importantly, a
drastic shift toward the American capitalist structure will likely be wholly
ineffective in sparking tribal economies because many tribes will have trouble
obtaining adequate revenue to perform standard government functions, and private
entrepreneurship is unlikely to spark the type of economic growth needed to
promote wholesale employment.


   A. The Need for Tribal Revenue


   The dire economic condition of most American Indian tribes also plays a role
in the development and maintenance of pseudo-socialist economic systems. Because
such a large percentage of Indian Country inhabitants live in extreme poverty,
it is impractical for tribal governments to raise revenues by taxing those
members. n162 To provide basic goods and services for its members, tribes must
therefore raise revenue through alternative methods. Operating businesses and
reaping profits is a practical way to achieve this end.


   High rates of poverty and the attendant failure of social institutions in
Indian Country necessitate social welfare institutions. n163 Such institutions,
including those designed to promote health and education, are necessary for
economic development. n164 To this point, Chang asserts,


   Cost-effective public provision of health and education can bring about
improvements in labour [sic] force quality that can, in turn, raise efficiency
and accelerate productivity growth. Social welfare institutions reduce social
tensions and enhance the legitimacy of the political system, thus providing a
more stable environment for long-term investments. Inter-temporal smoothing of
consumption through devices like unemployment benefit can even contribute to
dampening the business cycle. And so on. n165


   Social welfare institutions are costly. n166 "State and local governments
obtain revenues to finance their operations primarily through three channels:
[*130]  tax revenues, borrowing, and federal grants." n167 Absent substantial
increases in federal monies, tribes that move away from the
tribally-run-enterprise system must rely on taxation and borrowing. Borrowing,
however, is probably not a viable option for most tribal governments. While some
tribal governments have the ability to issue tax-exempt bonds - debt securities
"in which the interest portion of the debt service paid is not included in gross
income" n168 - the borrowed proceeds must be used in the exercise of essential
governmental functions, n169 and those tribes must nonetheless compete with
other government entities for those funds. n170 While "[b]orrowing has
increasingly become a favored method of raising revenue for state and local
governments," n171 the tax-exempt status of municipal bonds means that
municipalities can borrow at lower rates than Indian tribes. n172 The inability
to offer tax-exempt debt severely limits the ability of smaller tribes to borrow
competitively. n173


   Taxation is also not a viable method of raising revenue for Indian tribes.
n174 Though there is great debate surrounding the efficacy and fairness of the
American progressive-tax system, "theorists on both sides of the debate . . .
agree that legislators and policymakers must avoid imposing tax costs on
individuals living at or below subsistence levels of income." n175 Similarly,
tribal governments must avoid overtaxing their poorest citizens. Obviously, this
would include a large percentage of the citizenry of most tribes. Effective
taxation in Indian Country thus would require tribal governments to impose heavy
taxes upon their wealthiest members. Rightward-thinking economists should
immediately be put on alert. Higher tax rates have proven to be "a major
disincentive to production." n176 If tribal governments are forced to tax
[*131]  budding business owners too heavily, the stated purpose of the MTSTA is
unlikely to be achieved. Shifting toward private enterprise prematurely could
make it impossible for tribes to raise sufficient revenue.


   B. Shifting to Private Enterprise Will Likely Be Ineffective


   Efforts to develop urban ghettos have been made for decades. n177 To this
point, none of those efforts have achieved real success, and in many aspects,
the economic situation in those areas has worsened. n178 Shifting toward an
economic model that promotes private enterprise could relegate Indian tribes to
the same fate. The ability to operate state-owned enterprises is an advantage
that residents of urban ghettos cannot exploit. n179 Wise implementation of the
tribally run model is Native America's most viable solution for sustained
economic growth.


   C. The Recipe for Development: Imperfect Competition and Increasing Returns


   Economic theorist Erik Reinert explains that the crucial difference between
rich nations and poor nations lies in the very nature of their economies. n180
While the economies of poor nations are dominated by the production of raw
material commodities, the economies of the wealthy countries are dominated by
manufacturing. n181 Reinert asserts that the manufactured exports of the richer
countries "contain the 'good' [economic] effects - increasing returns and
imperfect competition - whereas traditional exports of poor countries contain
the opposite, the 'bad' effects" - diminishing returns and perfect competition.
n182 It is necessary to explain these key concepts.


   Perfect competition occurs when "the producer cannot influence the price of
what he produces. This situation is typically found in markets for  [*132]
agricultural or mining products." n183 In the case of these products, product
differentiation - the process of distinguishing a product from others to make it
more attractive to a particular target market n184 - is nearly impossible. n185
Effective product differentiation leads to monopolistic competition and
imperfect competition - "[t]he situation said to exist when, because of peculiar
conditions of the market or advantages held by certain buyers or sellers, prices
can be abnormally influenced by one or more traders." n186 When a firm creates
imperfect competition in a market, it has the ability to influence the price of
what it sells.


   Consider a potato farmer on one hand and a producer of televisions on the
other. The farmer will likely be unable to convince consumers that his potatoes
are higher in quality than those produced by other farmers. As a result, he will
have little to no effect on the price of his potatoes; "he is facing a 'perfect'
market and literally reads in the newspaper what the market is willing to pay."
n187 This is near-perfect competition. Conversely, the television manufacturer
can employ clever marketing tactics to convince the consumer that his product is
worth more than other products on the market. If he succeeds in his marketing
tactics, he will be able to exert some control over the price of his product.
This is imperfect competition.


   Another advantage enjoyed by rich nations is that they experience falling
costs as volumes of production increase. "When production is expanded in
manufacturing industry, cost developments go in the opposite direction - down
rather than up." n188 By contrast, poor countries usually experience diminishing
returns. Diminishing returns refers to the concept that, "as extra units of one
factor of production are employed, with all others held constant, the output
generated by each additional unit will eventually fall." n189 Essentially, "as
production is expanded, after a certain point, more units of the same input -
capital and/or labour [sic] - will produce smaller and smaller amounts of new
output." n190


   Again, consider our potato farmer and television manufacturer. Due to the
nature of his product, the potato farmer will reach a point, due to limitations
[*133]  on the amount of land available, etc., where adding workers and tractors
is not beneficial because each new person or tractor will produce less than the
last unit added. Unlike the farmer, the manufacturer has no immediate inputs
that are limited in quality and quantity. The manufacturer will "experience
falling costs . . . as volumes of production increase." n191 This is because of
the phenomenon known as "economies of scale." Economies of scale are the cost
advantages obtained by businesses due to expansion. n192 They arise when the
cost per unit falls as output increases. n193 For example, as businesses grow
and require larger quantities of production inputs, order values increase and
businesses obtain more bargaining power and are able to obtain materials at
lower prices. Financial economies, another example, occur as larger firms find
it easier than small businesses to obtain lenders and to raise money at low
interest. n194 As the company becomes "big," the cost per unit falls as more
products are produced and sold.


   These phenomena explain why urban ghettos have been unable to achieve
sustained economic development. It is difficult for companies to become "big"
when market forces are simply not conducive to such success. Consider a small
business owner in the inner-city who is seeking to start a small convenience
store. Why would individuals elect to shop in his store when they can obtain the
same goods from a large chain two miles down the road and perhaps at a reduced
price? They would not, and it is apparent that firms seeking to break into the
American economy must find ways to succeed at product differentiation. n195 They
must reduce directness of competition with established firms by drawing fewer
comparisons to those firms. n196


   Creating imperfect competition through product differentiation will require
innovation. Tribal businesses must figure out ways to produce products that are
superior - or at least products that consumers perceive to be superior - to
other products on the market. Tribes cannot shy away from this reality. Tribal
business must compete, and win, in the larger American markets. This is where
the state-run enterprise proves its worth. Tribally owned businesses  [*134]
enjoy several advantages that give them a much stronger chance than private
enterprises at achieving this end.


   V. Advantages of Tribally Owned Enterprises


   A. Targeted Development


   An important aspect of tribal-development strategy is the choice of
development activity. n197 Tribes undertaking tribally owned enterprise can and
must select "specific development projects . . . that take advantage of tribes'
market opportunities [and] allow tribes to specialize in using the natural
and/or human resources most available to them." n198 The ability to direct
resources toward the projects that are most likely to be successful is an
advantage of the tribally owned enterprise. In a system that promotes individual
entrepreneurship, resources are inevitably wasted on projects with very little
chance of success. n199


   Consider this example. A tribal member has an idea for a new radio that he
believes will produce better sound quality than any other device on the market.
If the tribe promotes private enterprise, there will likely be many other
members with ideas of their own. If each potential business owner must seek
financial capital from off-reservation lenders, then our deserving inventor will
likely be unable to secure any more financing than the other tribal members. Our
prospective entrepreneur's growth will undoubtedly be hindered. Even if his
project succeeds while the others fail, much will have been wasted. The true
winners may be the lending institutions who have recouped their high interest
loans.


   Conversely, tribal governments seeking to establish profitable businesses can
examine the tribal member's proposal along with the others. If tribal officials
deem his idea to be the most likely of the group to be successful, then the
lion's share of resources can be thrown behind his project. As authors Stephen
Cornell and Joseph P. Kalt note, "Many American Indian tribes face a barrage of
ideas, proposals, offers, and enticements - some from within the tribe, many
from outside it - aimed at establishing specific development or investment
projects on the reservation." n200 Determining which proposals are  [*135]  most
viable is no easy task, and "[t]he success of tribal development activities
depends [] upon the strategic skills of decision-makers. . . . The heart of the
strategic problem is the appropriate matching of particular development
activities and projects to the governance capabilities, asset endowments, and
cultural attributes of the tribe." n201


   With the proper structure - one that promotes an environment in which tribal
decisions are made by wise individuals with adequate incentives - efficient
allocation of resources can be achieved. This is clearly an advantage that
tribally owned enterprises enjoy over the private enterprise.


   B. Access to Capital


   Innovation is usually expensive. n202 An aspiring inventor must engage in
extensive research, trial models, and other steps before she can confidently
reproduce her innovation and put it on the market. n203 Increasing returns may
be enjoyed in such circumstances. For example, "[t]he first copy of a software
product costs a lot to produce, but subsequent copies have a very low cost."
n204 The small business owner, however, may have trouble obtaining the necessary
capital to produce that first copy.


   Tribal governments have means of attaining financial capital that are simply
unavailable to the private business owner. Tribal governments that engage in
tribally owned enterprise receive revenue from those endeavors. n205 Those same
tribal governments can borrow at much lower rates than can the typical small
business owner. n206 Additionally, "over thirty-percent of small businesses
close within two years of establishment and over half close within four years."
n207 Because of the risks associated with this high rate of failure, purchasing
bonds from a tribal government that owns much of the enterprise on tribal land
is generally a much safer investment than making similar loans to individuals.


   In addition to being subject to higher rates of interest on loans obtained
from off-reservation investors, individual entrepreneurs have access to only
[*136]  limited capital. The MTSTA, even if effective at achieving its end,
cannot counteract investors' reluctance to loan large sums of money to small
business owners. This is largely because federal regulations prohibit banks from
assuming excessive risk. n208 It is also because making large investments to
support risky endeavors is unsound investment policy. n209


   C. The X-Factor: Tribal Loyalty


   Loyalty among Indian tribal members may be the tribes' greatest competitive
advantage. American Indians elect to continue living on reservations despite the
prevalence of poor economic conditions. n210 Their decision to remain has much
to do with "the determination of Indians to preserve their land, government,
culture, religion, and traditions." n211 Furthermore, greed is frowned upon
among the more communal tribes. n212 Even government officials are strongly
discouraged from achieving significant gain from publicly owned businesses. n213
It is likely that tribal laborers would be willing to display similar
selflessness for the good of the tribe.


   Inexpensive labor is precisely the type of competitive advantage that could
enable tribes to flourish. Low labor costs significantly decrease the costs of
production and allow tribal businesses to yield higher returns. n214
Additionally, tribal loyalty is ideal for creating a beneficial corporate
culture, which is extremely valuable. In describing the importance of corporate
culture, Seitz and Ellison state that "[a] critical basis for cost advantage is
a commitment to efficient operations. The shared values and beliefs that make up
the culture of the organization must include the understanding that efficiency
is important and will be rewarded." n215


   Tribal workers' willingness to sacrifice produces another momentous
advantage. Economic recessions occur when there is a substantial decrease in
aggregate demand - the total amount of goods and services that people want to
buy within an economy. n216 In an ideal world, business would swiftly adjust to
shifts in aggregate demand by lowering prices, which would entice  [*137]
customers to again purchase full-employment levels of output n217 - the amount
of output produced in an economy when there is full employment in the labor
market. n218 In the real world, the static nature of labor costs prevents speedy
price adjustments. n219 Business owners have found that it is better to downsize
than lower wages, as wage decreases cause workers to retaliate by becoming less
productive. n220 In extreme cases, tribal businesses can take advantage of
tribal loyalty by requesting that workers accept wage cuts. If the workers trust
those officials in charge of making such decisions, they may be more likely to
accept the cuts. Prices can be slashed, and tribal economies can seamlessly
return to full-employment output without eliminating workers. This is an immense
benefit that the tribally owned business can employ to facilitate macroeconomic
development.


   Economic systems centered on tribal enterprise offer the most viable
opportunity for true economic growth. The MTSTA and similar tools designed to
entice movement toward private enterprise promote exploitation and provide very
little opportunity for real, sustainable growth and job creation. Tribes should
just say no.


   VI. Political Moves that Could Help Facilitate Development


   Existing tribal income simply cannot maintain the standard of living to
adequately maintain our culture. What should we do? If a recommendation is made
to the president, it should ask for enough money for each reservation to
honestly provide a standard of living that will support tribal sovereignty and
self-rule. Then, we can proudly say, this is our culture and we are taking care
of ourselves.


   - Benjamin Reifel, former commissioner of Indian affairs n221


   It is imperative that Indian tribes exhaust all available political avenues
to help ensure that tribal governments have sufficient monies to carry out their
businesses. One source of capital that should be tapped is the federal
government. Regrettably, the prospects of obtaining more federal funds  [*138]
appear slim. n222 Although "[c]urrently, there are 184 grant and loan programs
to support economic development in Indian Country," n223 these programs have
enjoyed limited success. n224 This trend contradicts statements made by the
Supreme Court. According to the Court,


   These Indian tribes are the wards of the nation. They are communities
dependent on the United States. . . . Because of the local ill feeling, the
people of the States where they are found are often their deadliest enemies.
From their very weakness and helplessness, so largely due to the course of
dealing of the Federal Government with them and the treaties in which it has
been promised, there arises the duty of protection, and with it the power. n225


   The argument for greater federal funding for Indian tribes is also supported
by the trust relationship that exists between the federal government and the
tribes. The Supreme Court has noted "the undisputed existence of a general trust
relationship between the United States and the Indian people." n226 Incident to
this relationship, "[b]etween 1787 and 1871, the United States entered into
nearly four hundred treaties with Indian tribes." n227 In those treaties, the
United States obtained desired land from Indian tribes, "and in return, the
United States set aside [] reservation lands for those tribes and guaranteed
that the federal government would respect 'the sovereignty of the tribes, []
would 'protect' the tribes, [and would] provide food, clothing, and services to
the tribes.'" n228


   Admittedly, no treaty provides for specific federal funding to be issued for
the benefit of Indian tribes; however, this country's moral obligation cannot be
overlooked. If our elected officials have any interest in promoting justice and
fair dealing, they must make a commitment to facilitate tribal development
efforts. Considering the long history of mistreatment toward Indians, the
[*139]  tribes should perhaps be wary of expecting any sudden acts of true
benevolence.


   A more achievable political aim that could have deeply positive effects on
tribal governments' access to financial capital is the issuance of tax-exempt
bonds, a highly complex and constantly evolving paradigm. Recall "that a
tax-exempt bond is 'a debt security in which the interest portion of the debt
service paid is not included in gross income.' The tax-exempt status of
municipal debt allows state and local governments to issue bonds at lower
interest rates." n229 Only about fifteen percent of tribes have obtained
tax-exempt financing from lenders. n230 Furthermore, "Indian tribes can only
issue tax-exempt [bonds] if 'substantially all' of the borrowed proceeds 'are to
be used in the exercise of any essential governmental function.'" n231


   After favorable interpretations of the 1982 Tribal Tax Status Act adopting
broad readings of the essential-government-function requirement, n232 the IRS
began to aggressively enforce the requirement in the years following a 1987
Amendment. n233 It is widely believed "that the percentage of tribal bonds
audited is substantially greater than the percentage of non-tribal bonds." n234
As a result of this inequity, "tribal governments [] issued an average of [only]
five tax-exempt bonds" per year between 2002 and 2004. n235 During the same
period, non-tribal "governments issued an average of 14,038 tax-exempt bonds"
per year. n236


   The inability to issue tax-exempt debt outside the narrow confines imposed by
the IRS is a substantial blow to tribal economies. A relevant and essential
benefit enjoyed by tribal governments over private enterprise is the ability to
obtain large amounts of financial capital at reasonable interest rates. n237
Convincing the federal government to expand tribal tax-exempt bonding authority
could significantly aid efforts to actualize tribal economic development. It
would be wise for American Indians, and those sympathetic  [*140]  to their
interests, to pressure our legislature to amend legislation and expand tribal
authority.


   VII. Conclusion


   There is no doubt that tribal economic development is hampered by a lack of
access to financial capital that could be used to spark and sustain businesses
in Indian Country. Article 9 has proven effective in promoting loan arrangements
between creditors and entrepreneurs for decades. The Model Tribal Secured
Transactions Act, nearly identical to Article 9 in most relevant aspects, simply
does not account for the complications that arise as a result of financial
arrangements between reservation debtors and off-reservation creditors.
Specifically, it does not provide adequate safeguards against predatory lending,
and the possibility that the profits of American banks will prove detrimental to
Indian debtors is too great to ignore. The tribally run business model currently
prevalent throughout Indian Country may indeed be the answer to the development
conundrum facing most tribes. The ability of tribes to raise revenue by engaging
in tribal enterprise and issuing bonds is precisely what is needed to amass the
vast startup capital necessary for innovation and product differentiation in the
American market. American Indians have never lacked ingenuity. Only through that
ingenuity will the Native American reverse centuries of misfortune and rise as a
major force in the world economy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesNative AmericansReal Property LawTrustsHolding Trusts

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act § 9-103 (2006).




n2  See Susan Woodrow & Fred Miller, Lending in Indian Country: The Story Behind
the Model Secured Transaction Law, 15 Bus. L. Today 39, 39 (Nov/Dec. 2005).




n3  Todd J. Janzen, Comment, Nationalize the Revised Article 9 Filing System: A
Comparison of the Old Article 9 and Canadian Personal Property Filing Systems,
11 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 389, 389 & n.1 (2001) (noting that Article 9 of
the Uniform Commercial Code has been a "success" since it was completed in 1972
and adopted by all fifty states by 1988).




n4  Nat'l Conference of Comm'rs on Unif. State Laws, Implementation Guide and
Commentary to the Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act 13 (2005) [hereinafter
Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide] (noting the need for
legislation of this type in private market economies).




n5  Id. at 14 (noting that the MTSTA is intended to accommodate commercial
activity between tribal members and off-reservation businesses).




n6  See Robert J. Miller, Economic Development in Indian Country: Will
Capitalism or Socialism Succeed?, 80 Or. L. Rev. 757, 858 (2001) ("Tribes must
do everything they can to develop the entrepreneurial, capitalist spirit in
reservation residents and ensure that more [tribal] businesses are started . . .
in Indian country.").




n7  See Jon Manchip White, Everyday Life of the North American Indian 210-48
(2003); see also Paul Radin, The Story of the American Indian 364 (1937) ("The
Winning of the West meant the annihilation of the Indian.").




n8  Letter from Christopher Columbus to Luis de Santangel (Feb. 1493), available
at
http://cdlee.files.wordpress.com/2008/08/letter-of-columbus-to-luis-de-santangel
.pdf.




n9  See generally Keith L. Pearson, The Indian in American History 1-39 (1973).




n10  Id. at 26.




n11  Id.




n12  Id. at 20.




n13  Id. at 5, 20.




n14  Stephen L. Pevar, The Rights of Indians and Tribes 2 (3d ed. 2004).




n15  Pearson, supra note 9, at 21.




n16  Id.




n17  Pevar, supra note 14, at 7.




n18  Id.




n19  Id.




n20  Id. at 8.




n21  Id.




n22  Id. at 8-9.




n23  Id. at 9.




n24  Id. at 10 ("Between 1934 and 1953, Indian landholdings increased by over
two million acres; federal funds were spent to improve reservation roads, homes,
health facilities, community schools, and irrigation systems; and tribal
governments experienced a revitalization after a century of oppression.").




n25  Id. at 11.




n26  Id. ("In the decade that followed, Congress terminated its trust
relationship with 109 tribes.").




n27  Id. at 12.




n28  Id.




n29  Cf. White, supra note 7, at 114 ("Indian warfare was severely restricted in
scope.").




n30  Id. at 212 ("The Indian today refers to his 'Trail of Broken Treaties.'").




n31  Stephen Cornell & Joseph P. Kalt, Reloading the Dice: Improving Changes for
Economic Development, in Michael W. Cameron et al., What Can Tribes Do? 1, 3
(Stephen Cornell & Joseph P. Kalt eds., 1992).




n32  Miller, supra note 6, at 758-59.




n33  Pevar, supra note 14, at 3.




n34  Id.




n35  Miller, supra note 6, at 758.




n36  Cezar M Froelich et al., Investing in Tribal Gaming, 9 Gaming L. Rev. 19,
19 (2005).




n37  Gavin Clarkson, Accredited Indians: Increasing the Flow of Private Equity
into Indian Country as a Domestic Emerging Market, 80 U. Colo. L. Rev. 285,
286-87 (2009) [hereinafter Clarkson, Accredited Indians].




n38  David D. Haddock & Robert J. Miller, Can a Sovereign Protect Investors from
Itself? Tribal Institutions to Spur Reservation Investment, 8 J. Small &
Emerging Bus. L. 173, 187-88 (2004).




n39  Alan E. Brown, Ace in the Hole: Land's Key Role in Indian Gaming, 39
Suffolk U. L. Rev. 159, 160 (2005).




n40  The Indian in America's Past 78 (Jack D. Forbes ed., 1964) (noting "the
visible cultural[] and moral degeneration" accompanying the European conquest of
Native Americans).




n41  Pevar, supra note 14, at 13 (noting that tribes have caused "backlash" in
recent decades as they have "increasingly asserted their treaty and statutory
rights").




n42  See id.




n43  See Hope M. Babcock, A Civic Republican Vision of Domestic Dependent
Nations in the Twenty-First Century: Tribal Sovereignty Re-envisioned,
Reinvigorated, and Re- empowered, 2005 Utah L. Rev. 443, 511-12.




n44  Miller, supra note 6, at 762.




n45  See Ha-Joon Chang, Kicking Away the Ladder: Development Strategy in
Historical Perspective 140 (2003) (objecting to current policy-based conditions
attached to financial assistance for developing countries from the International
Monetary Fund and World Bank) [hereinafter Chang, Kicking].




n46  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 6.




n47  Joanna M. Wagner, Comment, Improving Native American Access to Federal
Funding for Economic Development Through Partnerships with Rural Communities, 32
Am. Indian L. Rev. 525, 527 (2007-2008).




n48  Id. at 542.




n49  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 562 (1823).




n50  John McGee Ingram, Home Ownership Opportunities in Indian Country, 7 J.
Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 164, 165 (1998).




n51  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 11.




n52  Id.




n53  Tim Berg, Growing Indian Economies, Ariz. Att'y, Mar. 2006, at 30, 32.




n54  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide, supra note 4,
at 11.




n55  Id. at 13.




n56  Black's Law Dictionary 1478 (9th ed. 2009).




n57  Lynn M. LoPucki & Elizabeth Warren, Secured Credit: A Systems Approach 21
(6th ed. 2009).




n58  Grant S. Nelson & Dale A. Whitman, Cases and Materials on Real Estate
Transfer, Finance, and Development 99-100 (7th ed. 2006).




n59  Id.




n60  Id. at 100.




n61  See Edwin E. Smith & Bingham McCutchen, What Lawyers Need to Know About UCC
Article 9: Secured Transactions 2008, 903 PLI/Comm 101 (2008).




n62  LoPucki & Warren, supra note 57, at 22.




n63  See id.




n64  See id.




n65  U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, Commercial Lending in Indian Country: Potential
Opportunities in an Emerging Market 11 (Mar. 2006), available at
http://www.occ.treas. gov/cdd/commlending.pdf.




n66  See generally Bruce A. King, The Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act and
Tribal Economic Development, 61 Consumer Fin. L. Q. Rep. 804 (2007).




n67  See Woodrow & Miller, supra note 2, at 39.




n68  See King, supra note 66, at 808.




n69  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide, supra note 4,
at 19.




n70  King, supra note 66, at 804.




n71  Much controversy exists as to the precise definition of the term "predatory
lending." For our purposes, predatory lending has two essential characteristics:
"(1) a wide range of lender behavior that is either substantively or
procedurally unreasonably abusive, exploitive, harmful, or unfair; (2) a pool of
borrowers that are particularity vulnerable targeted and exploited precisely
because of their vulnerability." Cecil J. Hunt II, In the Racial Crosshairs:
Reconsidering Racially Targeted Predatory Lending Under a New Theory of Economic
Hate Crime, 35 U. Tol. L. Rev. 211, 222 (2003).




n72  Adam Smith, An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations
(Edwin Cannan ed., 1904) (1776).




n73  John Mixon, Neoclassical Economics and the Erosion of Middle-Class Values:
An Explanation for Economic Collapse, 24 Notre Dame J.L. Ethics & Pub Pol'y 327,
333 (2010).




n74  Jeanne M. Dennis, The Lessons of Comparable Worth: A Feminist Vision of Law
and Economic Theory, 4 UCLA Women's L.J. 1, 16 (1993).




n75  See Jeffrey Z. Rubin & Bert R. Brown, The Social Psychology of Bargaining
and Negotiation 215-16 (1975).




n76  Megan S. Knize, Payday in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas: Toward
Effective Protections for Borrowers, 69 La. L. Rev. 317, 323 (2009).




n77  Michael E. Roberts, Limit Financial Setbacks with Consumer Protection,
Indian C o u n t r y T o d a y ( D e c . 1 8 , 2 0 0 9 ) ,
http://www.indiancountrytoday.com/opinion/79611412.html.




n78  Clues for the Clueless, Newsweek (Apr. 05, 2008),
http://www.newsweek.com/id/ 130590.




n79  Id.




n80  Jonathan M. Lindeen, Comment, BIA Tribal Schools and the No Child Left
Behind Act: An Argument for a More Culturally Sensitive Implementation, 9 J.
Gender Race & Just. 361, 364-69 (2005).




n81  Pevar, supra note 14, at 3.




n82  Lindeen, supra note 80, at 368.




n83  See Ingram, supra note 50, at 164-67 (noting that numerous factors,
including the inalienability of trust land, the absence of market data available
to lenders, and the limited enforceability of contracts requiring the tribe to
be a party severely hamper the possibility of widespread home ownership in
Indian Country).




n84  Yair Listokin, Confronting the Barriers to Native American Home Ownership
on Tribal Lands: The Case of the Navajo Partnership Housing, 33 Urb. Law. 433,
433 (2001).




n85  See Miller, supra note 6, at 758-59.




n86  Miller, supra note 6, at 760 ("Today, Indian tribes organize, fund, and, in
many instances, operate or direct day to day affairs of many of the businesses
and the majority of economic activity in Indian country.").




n87  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 6-7 (noting that "[e]ntrepreneurial
skills and experience are scarce" in Indian Country).




n88  U.S. Dep't of Treasury & U.S. Dep't of Housing and Urban Dev., Curbing
Predatory Home and Mortgage Lending 2, 27 (2000) [hereinafter HUD Report].




n89  Id.




n90  Deborah Goldstein, Comment, Protecting Consumers from Predatory Lenders:
Defining the Problem and Moving Toward Workable Solutions, 35 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L.
Rev. 225, 229 (2000).




n91  See King, supra note 66, at 808.




n92  Gabriel S. Galanda, Reservations of Right: A Practitioner's Guide to Indian
Law, Brief, Fall 2002, at 64, 65, available at Westlaw, 32-FALL BRIEF 64.




n93  710 F.2d 587 (9th Cir. 1983).




n94  Hunt II, supra note 71, at 235.




n95  Id.




n96  Id.




n97  Id. at 235-36.




N98  HUD Report, supra note 88, at 47.




n99  Id.




n100  See Dennis, supra note 74, at 16 (noting the assertion of neoclassical
economists that "government involvement in market transactions" are "unnecessary
and disruptive").




n101  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act § 9-113 (2006).




n102  See Smith & McCutchen, supra note 61, at 153.




n103  See Jean Braucher, Deadlock: Consumer Transactions Under Revised Article
9, 73 Am. Bankr. L.J. 83, 93-94 (1999).




n104  See Miller, supra note 6, at 759-60.




n105  See Patricia A. McCoy, A Behavioral Analysis of Predatory Lending, 38
Akron L. Rev. 725, 735 (2005).




n106  There are several instances in the MTSTA in which consumer debtors receive
added protection. First, creditors must provide a more specific description of
collateral in a consumer transaction than in a commercial one. Model Tribal
Secured Transactions Act § 9-116(c) (2006). Second, there are limitations set on
the effectiveness of an after-acquired property clause in consumer transaction.
Id. § 9-203(b). Third, twenty days notice is required for disposition of
collateral in consumer transactions, with only ten required in case of
commercial debtors. Id. § 9-612(b). Fourth, creditors are required to offer a
detailed explanation of the calculation of surplus or deficiency after
disposition in consumer transactions. Id. § 9-616. Fifth, creditors may not
retain collateral in partial satisfaction of an obligation in consumer
transactions. Id. § 9-620(a). Sixth, disposition of collateral is mandatory if
sixty percent of the principal amount has been paid by a consumer debtor. Id. §
9-620(e).




n107  Craig Nolte, Sovereign Lending: Bringing Housing to Indian Country,
Community I n v e s t m e n t s , M a y 2 0 0 0 , a t 1 5 , a v a i l a b l e a
t http://www.frbsf.org/publications/community/
investments/cra00-1/MayCINewsMay00.pdf.




n108  Id.




n109  See Ingram, supra note 50, at 164-66.




n110  Id. at 168.




n111  See Clarkson, Accredited Indians, supra note 37, at 298 ("[A]s of 1999,
there were only 471 home mortgages throughout Indian Country.").




n112  31 Am. Jur. 2d Exemptions § 3 (2010).




n113  Russell v. Donaldson, 3 Navajo Rptr. 209, 213 (Navajo 1982).




n114  Id.




n115  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act § 9-601(a) (2006).




n116  Cf. LoPucki & Warren, supra note 57, at 217.




n117  Id.




n118  Id.




n119  Id. at 218.




n120  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act § 9-113.




n121  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide, supra note 4,
at 13.




n122 " Accelerate" refers to a creditor's ability to declare all payments owed
by a debtor immediately due and payable. LoPucki & Warren, supra note 57, at
221-22. "[A] debtor has the right to 'cure' a default by paying the amount then
due" if the debtor does so before the creditor elects to accelerate. Id. at 226.
Once the debtor has cured the default, the original payment schedule is
"reinstated." Id. at 227.




n123  In re Crystal Props., Ltd., 268 F.3d 743, 749 (9th Cir. 2001) (emphasis
removed).




n124  LoPucki & Warren, supra note 57, at 226 ("The typical agreement permits
the creditor to accelerate for any default, however small.").




n125  See generally Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act.




n126  Id. § 9-609.




n127  Id.




n128  Unif. Commercial Code § 9-609 (2000).




n129  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide, supra note 4,
at 83.




n130  Id.




n131  See Eugene J. Kelly, Jr. et al., Secured Party Liability for the Acts of
Repossessors: Exposure, Protective Steps, and Ethical Responsibility, 55
Consumer Fin. L.Q. Rep. 158, 159-61 (2001).




n132  Unif. Commercial Code § 9-609.




n133  Kelly, Jr. et al., supra note 131, at 160-61.




n134  See Steven W. Bugg, The Business Ramifications of Tribal Sovereign
Immunity: Life After Kiowa Tribe of Oklahoma v. Manufacturing Technologies,
Inc., 53 Consumer Fin. L.Q. Rep. 59, 61 (1999) (noting that states will not aid
lenders in obtaining pledged property in Indian Country, and that tribal legal
systems comprise the sole remedy).




n135  See Russell v. Donaldson, 3 Navajo Rptr. 209, 213 (Navajo 1982).




n136  See id. ("[Self-help repossession] permits sellers to ride rough shod over
consumers and use the holding of essential property needed for daily life as a
means of extorting money from the consumer.").




n137  Stephen M. Cozart, Note, Through the Eyes of the Debtor: Mississippi
Reexamines the Breach of the Peace Exception to Uniform Commercial Code Section
9-503, 15 Miss. C.L. Rev. 145, 147 (1992).




n138  LoPucki & Warren, supra note at 57, at 43.




n139  Id. at 39.




n140  Id. at 39-40.




n141  Id. at 43.




n142  Id. at 38.




n143  Id. at 38-39. The MTSTA does not empower the creditor to employ judicial
means to retain collateral, which means that the debtor would be aware of the
pending repossession. Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act § 9-601 (2006).




n144  Miller, supra note 6, at 798 (noting that the majority of Native American
"'governmental' businesses and economic activities" have been unsuccessful).




n145  Model Tribal Secured Transactions Act Implementation Guide, supra note 4,
at 13.




n146  See Gavin Clarkson, Tribal Bonds: Statutory Shackles and Regulatory
Restraints on Tribal Economic Development, 85 N.C. L. Rev. 1009, 1030-31 (2009)
[hereinafter Clarkson, Tribal Bonds] (explaining the nature of municipal debt).




n147  Miller, supra note 6, at 827.




n148  Id. at 760.




n149  Id.




n150  Id. at 760-61.




n151  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 36.




n152  Id. at 37.




n153  Id. at 31.




n154  Id. at 37.




n155  Id.




n156  Ha-Joon Chang, Bad Samaritans: The Myth of Free Trade and the Secret
History of Capitalism 105 (2008) [hereinafter Chang, Samaritans].




n157  Id.




n158  Id. at 105-06.




n159  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 37.




n160  Chang, Samaritans, supra note 156, at 107 (noting that in situations in
which "a private enterprise is run by hired managers and there are numerous
shareholders owning only small factions of the company, . . . [t]he hired
managers . . . will [] have no incentive to put in more than sub-optimal levels
of effort . . . , while individual shareholders will not have enough incentive
to monitor the hired managers").




n161  Miller, supra note 6, at 833 ("Few tribes have access to substantial
sources of taxation because of a lack of economic activity.").




n162  Id.




n163  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 3 ("Indian reservations continue to
experience . . . high dependency on welfare.").




n164  Chang, Kicking, supra note 45, at 102.




n165  Id.




n166  Id.




n167  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1014.




n168  Id.




n169  26 U.S.C. § 7871(c)(1) (2006). "Essential government function" has been
interpreted narrowly, limiting the circumstances under which tribes can issue
tax- exempt bonds. See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1045-52.




n170  See Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1014.




n171  Id.




n172  See Jeff Madura, Financial Markets and Institutions 45 (8th ed. 2008) ("If
all other characteristics are similar, taxable securities will have to offer a
higher before- tax yield to investors than tax-exempt securities to be
preferred.").




n173  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1015 ("Most tribes [] are still
unable to access the capital markets competitively, if at all.").




n174  Miller, supra note 6, at 833.




n175  Nancy C. Staudt, The Hidden Costs of the Progressivity Debate, 50 Vand. L.
Rev. 919, 921 (1997).




n176  Robert W. McGee, Principles of Taxation for Emerging Economies: Lessons
from the U.S. Experience, 12 Dick. J. Int'l L. 29, 37 (1993).




n177  See Michael H. Schill, Assessing the Role of Community Development
Corporations in Inner City Economic Development, 22 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change
753, 759 (1996- 1997).




n178  Id. at 753.




n179  Theoretically, voters could elect legislators who would promote state-run
industry. The practical chances of such a move toward socialism in this country
are, however, extremely small.




n180  Erik S. Reinert, How Rich Countries Got Rich and Why Poor Countries Stay
Poor 5 (2008).




n181  See id. at 5-6.




n182  Id. at 6.




n183  Id. at 5.




n184  Graham Bannock et al., Dictionary of Economics 97 (4th ed. 2003).




n185  Reinert, supra note 180, at 6.




n186  Harold Sloan & Arnold J. Zurcher, Dictionary of Economics 215 (5th ed.
1970).




n187  Reinert, supra note 180, at 5.




n188  Id.




n189  Bannock et al., supra note 184, at 98.




n190  Reinert, supra note 180, at 5.




n191  Id.




n192  Bannock et al., supra note 184, at 114.




n193  Id.




n194  See Christine Ammer & Dean S. Ammer, Dictionary of Business and Economics
375-76 (1977).




n195  Neil Seitz & Mitch Ellison, Capital Budgeting and Long Term Financial
Decisions 37 (4th ed. 2005).




n196  Id.




n197  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 10.




n198  Id.




n199  See Rafael Efrat, The Tax Burden and the Propensity of Small-Business
Entrepreneurs to File for Bankruptcy, 4 Hastings Bus. L. J. 175, 177 (2008)
("[O]ver thirty-percent of small businesses close within two years of
establishment and over half close within four years.").




n200  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 44.




n201  Id. at 44-45.




n202  See Reinert, supra note 180, at 5.




n203  See id.




n204  Id.




n205  See Miller, supra note 6, at 760.




n206  This is generally true where tribal revenue gained from tribal enterprise
and taxation renders the prospect of default less likely than that of a private
enterprise whose ability to repay debt depends upon the success of the
enterprise. See generally Madura, supra note 172, at 43-44 (explaining the
nature of credit default risk and its effect on the yields of debt securities).




n207  Efrat, supra note 199, at 177.




n208  See George H. Brown, Financial Institutions for Lawyers as Quasi-Public
Enforcers, 7 Geo. J. Legal Ethics 637, 698-99 (1994).




n209  See id. at 690-91.




n210  Pevar, supra note 14, at 4.




n211  Id.




n212  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 31.




n213  Id. at 37.




n214  See generally C.E. Ferguson, Microeconomic Theory 169-71 (1969).




n215  Seitz & Ellison, supra note 195, at 38-39.




n216  See Helmut Merklein, Macroeconomics 120-31 (1972).




n217  See id. at 129.




n218  See id. at 121.




n219  Alan J. Meese, Will, Judgment, and Economic Liberty: Mr. Justice Souter
and the Mistranslation of the Due Process Clause, 41 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 3, 48
(1999).




n220  See Merklein, supra note 216, at 69-70.




n221  Joe De La Cruz et al., What Indians Should Want: Advice to the President,
in Indian Self-Rule 311 (Kenneth R. Philp ed., 1986).




n222  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 31, at 11 ("With declines in federal funding
over the last decade and poor prospects for significant increases in the near
future, attention to the institutions-of-governance factor can be the best way
to overcome the access-to-capital obstacle.").




n223  Wagner, supra note 47, at 528.




n224  See id. at 529.




n225  United States v. Kagama, 118 U.S. 375, 383-84 (1886) (emphasis removed).




n226  United States v. Mitchell, 463 U.S. 206, 225 (1983).




n227  Pevar, supra note 14, at 32.




n228  Id.




n229  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1014.




n230  Id. at 1015.




n231  26 U.S.C. § 7871(e) (2006).




n232  Clarkson, Tribal Bonds, supra note 146, at 1042.




n233  Id. at 1045-46.




n234  Id. at 1046.




n235  Id. at 1047.




n236  Id.




n237  This is generally true where tribal revenue gained from tribal enterprise
and taxation renders the prospect of default less likely than that of a private
enterprise whose ability to repay debt depends upon the success of the
enterprise. See generally Madura, supra note 172, at 43-44 (explaining the
nature of credit- default risk and its effect on the yields of debt securities).


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2009 Sunday

Pequots' problems rock gaming world

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1080 words


Sep. 20--Indian Country was already on edge last month when the Mashantucket
Pequots' dire financial circumstances came to light.

In June, the Pojoaque Pueblo, owners of Buffalo Thunder Resort and Casino in
Santa Fe, N.M., missed an $11.5 million payment on a $245 million bond. At about
the same time, the Mescalero Apache Tribe, owners of the Inn of the Mountain
Gods Resort and Casino in Mescalero, N.M., defaulted on a $200 million
obligation.

In mid-August, the Little Traverse Bay Bands of Odawa Indians, owners of the
Odawa Casino Resort in Petoskey, Mich., failed to make a scheduled $6.3 million
interest payment on $122 million in loans.

And then the Mashantucket Pequots and their now-exiled tribal chairman, Michael
Thomas, delivered a haymaker: The tribe, on the brink of default, was seeking to
restructure $2.3 billion in debt, a senior adviser to the Mashantuckets told The
Day.

Equally stunning was the chairman's response to the crisis.

Thomas, in an Aug. 19 e-mail, had updated tribal members "on the growing
financial crisis facing our tribal community." He pledged to preserve tribal
government and per-capita "incentive" payments to tribal members, saying he'd
introduced a resolution to put our "last borrowed dollars ... in a lock box" for
that very purpose.

Thomas' pronouncement "sent shock waves through the financial community," said
Kent Richey, a Minneapolis, Minn.-based securities attorney who represents
parties that do business in Indian Country. The recession's effect on gaming in
general and the level of tribal gaming operators' indebtedness had been causing
concern for some 18 months, Richey said, when word of the Mashantuckets' plight
occasioned a new level of anxiety.

In an Aug. 31 announcement, Keith Foley, senior vice president of Moody's
Investors Service's corporate finance group, described potential repercussions,
saying, "A decision by the Tribe not to service its debt in a timely manner or
honor its financial contracts -- particularly if it has the capacity to service
its debt -- could cause lenders to retrench from this segment."

He warned that the Indian gaming industry "has reached an important crossroads,"
and that lending to the industry was fraught with a number of risks, "such as
the 'sovereign immunity' of such organizations."

"The Tribe owns the largest gaming facility in the U.S. (Foxwoods Resort Casino
and MGM Grand at Foxwoods) and has a long history of gaming and debt issuance,"
Foley said. "As a result, its actions could have a substantial influence on
other Native American gaming issuers."

Indeed, the magnitude of the fallout over the Mashantuckets' financial crisis
has been largely due to the tribe's prominence in the gaming world.

"It was highlighted more because of the amount of the debt and because the
Mashantuckets have been so highly respected in the business community," Richey
said.

The only tribal gaming operator with a debt load anywhere near that of the
Mashantuckets' is the Mohegan Tribe, whose Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority,
operator of Mohegan Sun, reported early last month that its debt was $1.6
billion as of June 30. After the Mohegans, the most-leveraged gaming tribes are
carrying debt in the $400 million to $500 million range, according to Richey.

Access to credit affected

For all the initial alarm over the Mashantuckets' situation, the tribe's prompt
rebuke of its chairman has had a calming effect among investors, analysts say.
On Aug. 31, five days after the story broke, the tribal council, citing Thomas'
e-mail pledge to tribal members, relieved him of his duties and placed him on
administrative leave pending a Sept. 10 vote to expel him from the council.

The next day, Sept. 1, the tribe averted default by making a scheduled $74.1
million bond interest payment.

Though Thomas appeared before the council on Sept. 10, no vote took place. At
the meeting, however, he informed the council he would neither resign nor seek
re-election Nov. 1. His term extends to the end of the year. While on
administrative leave, he continues to draw his chairman's pay.

The council's response "has lessened concern" in the financial markets, Richey
said. "If you look at the high-yield bonds, the markets did reflect a decline in
the price. ... Immediately following the (Mashantuckets' restructuring)
announcement, there was a drop in the price and the yields went up as investment
got riskier. But things have returned more or less to normal."

Still, tribal gaming operators seeking to access credit have encountered some
difficulty, sources have said.

"Certainly, the financial community has kind of taken a step back when looking
at Native American financing," Mitchell Etess, chief executive officer of the
Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, said last week. "It's not like it's had any
direct impact on us but that's because we're not in the middle of a
transaction."

How might the Mashantuckets' restructuring play out?

Since the tribe is a sovereign nation -- a "governmental unit" that likely would
be unable to pursue bankruptcy protection -- it must rely on the "forbearance"
of creditors, analysts say. Essentially, that means the tribe will have to ask
for more time to meet its obligations.

While the tribe has not responded to requests for comment, sources have told The
Day that tribal officials and their advisers met last week with bondholders'
representatives and that the tribal council has begun to meet regularly with the
tribal membership to provide "financial updates."

But what lies ahead is uncharted territory.

"In a corporate setting, if there's insolvency and you're unable to pay your
obligations, creditors can put you into involuntary bankruptcy and once in
bankruptcy you can reorganize and the bankruptcy trustee can order changes in
the debt," Richey said. "But absent bankruptcy, nobody can tell you that you
have to change your debt obligations -- although you could be enticed to do so.

"If the debt's out there long enough, more than likely some kind of consensual
agreement is reached ... where some folks are not going to get everything their
contract provides."

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090920-NL-Pequots-problems-rock-gaming-world-0920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2009 The Day


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Washington's Quinault Tribe Wins Insurance for Casino

                             August 6, 1999, Friday

By Sean Monsarrat

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO



Confident that a new casino resort will help fuel an economic recovery on
Washington's Olympic Peninsula, the Quinault Indian Nation is making a
high-stakes bet of its own to raise the money to build it.

The tribe put its timber business and its unconditional guarantee behind $27
million of municipal bonds for a casino beach resort, gaining the confidence of
high-yield municipal bond insurer American Capital Access, a feat for a small
Native American issuer.

Underwriter Dain Rauscher Inc. sold the loan to traditional institutional
investors last week to raise cash to build the Quinault Beach Resort, which will
comprise a 16,000-square-foot casino, a 159-room hotel, a 12,800-square-foot
convention center, and various public improvements.

For the tribe, the project not only offers the chance to diversify the region's
economic base and create new jobs, but also represents an effort to take
advantage of Wall Street's answer to a call last month by President Clinton to
help Native Americans tap the financial markets and develop their sovereign
lands.

"This is a strong beginning in response to Clinton's statement," said Quinault
Treasurer Virginia Brings Yellow. "It's a prime example of bankers and investors
working in Indian country."

For the Wall Streeters who devised the deal, the experience underscored the
value of analyzing a small tribe's financials closely in order to successfully
introduce a first-time issuer of a type whose economic traits are not widely
known by investors."The market is becoming more sophisticated in its
understanding of the opportunities for lending in the tribal community," said
Christopher Hamel, managing director in Dain Rauscher's public finance
department. "ACA stepping up to understand the credit and the finances of the
tribe is representative of a trend you're going to see more of in the future."

The deal is the first Native American financing for ACA, and Jennifer Lerch, an
principal at the firm, said the tribe's existing timber business revenue was a
compelling reason alone to back the bonds. But she said insurance was only
feasible because the tribe was willing to learn how to structure a deal to meet
investor demands, and agreed to offer an unconditional guarantee of the loan,
much like a traditional issuer's general obligation.

"Tribes are different than municipal issuers, and part of what it takes to make
it work is for both sides to drop their preconceived notions about what the
other side does," Lerch said.

Bond insurance is a rarity in Native American financing, with the exception of
the Mashantucket Pequot and Mohegan tribes of Connecticut, which operate large
casinos that generate more revenue than many Las Vegas operations. The Quinault
deal, however, is an example of a small Tribe's ability to access the
marketplace.

"Really, the Pequots and the Mohegans are the exception rather than the rule in
tribal gaming," said Townsend Hyatt, a partner at Ater Wynne, the initial
purchaser's counsel on the deal. "The Quinault deal, on the other hand, helps
demonstrate that lesser-known tribal credits can still gain access to the bond
markets."

Dain Rauscher's Hamel, who along with banker John Snider spent seven months
steering the financing, also said the project's coast location and mixed uses
were important characteristics of the deal.

"Like many Indian communities, the Quinault Nation had been looking at
developing a gaming operation and wanted to know how they could best distinguish
themselves in the Washington market and take advantage of some really first-rate
geography," Hamel said.

Tribes have typically relied on some type of loan to fund development, but the
Quinault Nation was able to use a mix of short-term finance and tax-exempt and
taxable long-term debt to build a true destination resort, rather than beginning
with a small casino and attempting an expansion.

The project's mixed uses also helped the tribe take advantage of tax and
security law, allowing it to sell bonds to traditional investors via a private
placement with Dain Rauscher.

The bonds earned a top tax-exempt yield of 5.80% in 2015 and a top taxable yield
of 7.85% in 2011.

Prior to the sale, the tribe had contributed $12.7 million of equity to the
project. A $2 million promissory note, issued by the Bank of Grays Harbor, and
proceeds of an $8 million bond anticipation note deal, purchased by KeyBank
National Association, were then used to fund interim construction at the resort.

Last week's deal, meanwhile, comprised $12 million Series A tax-exempt
improvement and refunding bonds and $15 million taxable improvement and
refunding Series B bonds, bringing the total cost of the project to almost $50
million, according to a preliminary official statement dated July 1.

Proceeds of the Series A bonds reimbursed the tribe for approximately $2.8
million spent on various projects, including land acquisition, and will finance
the convention center and public infrastructure and recreation improvements and
will also refund the outstanding promissory note. Proceeds also funded the
Series A bond-reserve account and paid for the issuance of those bonds.

Proceeds of the Series B bonds were used to finance the design, construction,
equipping, and development of the resort and to fund two months of working
capital. Proceeds were also used to refund the $8 million of bans and to fund
the Series B bond reserve and cost of issuance.

The debt is secured by all of the assets of the tribe, although the bonds are
expected to be paid with cash from four revenue streams. The four revenue
sources comprise resort revenues, forest product revenues, cash received from
the repayment of a $31 million outstanding loan issued by the tribe, and
commercial enterprise revenues.

There also were $8 million of Series C variable-rate improvement and refunding
bonds sold along with the main deal, which have a lien on the pledged assets on
parity with the Series A and Series B bonds. The Series C proceeds will be used
to fund a portion of construction, development, and equipment costs of the same
resort components financed by the Series B bonds. The debt was sold directly to
KeyBank National Association and will not be offered for resale, according to
the POS.



Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1061 words

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            January 30, 2004 Friday
                                  City Edition

Tribal officials trade accusations

BYLINE: Ron Jackson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: BINGER


Caddo tribal officials said Thursday that Chairwoman LaRue Parker illegally used
federal education money to pay off a loan she was not cleared to make.

Parker called her accusers -- Caddo education director LaVonna Weller and
council members Mary Pat Clark and Marilyn Threlkeld -- liars.

The issue now is in the hands of Bureau of Indian Affairs investigators, said
Parker and her political adversaries. Parker is convinced the federal agency's
investigation ultimately will clear her of any wrongdoing.

"I'm going to sue them for defamation of character," Parker said. "I would never
take money from that (education) fund and use it for something else because that
would be illegal. They're just trying to create chaos."

Signed for loan In a document obtained by The Oklahoman, Parker signed for a
$77,679 loan with the Kansas State Bank of Manhattan to build an educational
center. Clark and Threlkeld claim Parker never received permission from the
tribe's council to enter into the June 8, 2001, loan agreement -- a claim Parker
vehemently disputes.

Weller further claims that Parker illegally dipped into the federal education
fund without her knowledge to make payments on the loan, saying investigators
already have identified nearly $38,000 in misused money that must be returned to
that account.

"That's against the law to use federal program money to make loan payments,"
Weller said. "I know because I used to work for the BIA."

Clark, a former tribal chairwoman, finds the whole situation disturbing.

"I'm appalled," Clark said. "I've sent a number of young people to our education
department to apply for money to go to school. They've been coming back to me
saying, 'They don't have the money.' But there should be plenty of money in that
account.

"Well, now we know why there isn't ... This woman (Parker) has to be stopped. If
she isn't, the future of our tribe is going to be in jeopardy."

Parker admits she used money from a $45,000 BIA education grant to make some of
the loan payments, but that was money she was authorized to use under the
grant's guidelines. Numerous telephone messages left with the agency's regional
office in Anadarko went unanswered.



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             LaPointe Financial Inc

                                 67151 US Hwy 2
                               Odanah,  WI 54861
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (715) 682-3493
URL: www.lapointefinancial.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   LaPointe Financial Incorportated (LaPointe) is a non profit business
development firm operating in the Lake Superior region of northern Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and upper Michigan. LaPointe seeks to increase investment in Lake
Superior Ojibwe tribal member business owners. LaPointe assists Native American
entrepreneurs overcome historic barriers to competing in the marketplace such as
a lack of access to start-up or expansion capital and/or small business
resources. LaPointe encourages and supports entrepreneurs in all stages of their
ventures and does so in a culturally appropriate way. LaPointe seeks to increase
the number of Native owned firms that operate in the Lake Superior region with a
special consideration for those that operate on the Bad River, Lac Courte
Oreilles, and Red Cliff reservations in Wisconsin.  In 2001, the U.S. Treasury
conducted a Native American Lending Study and found that many Native American
entrepreneurs faced similar barriers to entry into the marketplace. These
barriers included a lack of access to start up and growth capital and/or small
business resources among other things. The U.S. Treasury's CDFI fund created the
Native American Initiatives Program to address this need in Indian Country and
as a result, LaPointe Financial was born out of a similar need identified by
tribal members in the Lake Superior region. LaPointe Financial Inc., is a
nonprofit loan fund designated as an Emerging Native Community Development
Financial Institution (CDFI) b

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 27, 1996

MHFA Is Active in Indian Finance

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: Green Bay, WI


The Minnesota Housing Finance Agency has coordinated two American Indian housing
programs that have provided nearly $ 50 million in mortgage finance and put some
2,500 families into homes over the last 20 years.

The Tribal Indian Housing Program, started in 1976, has had $ 41.6 million in
appropriations from the state.  Three tribal mortgage firms have been chartered
to run it, through the MHFA.

And an Urban Indian Housing Program, run by MHFA and a variety of partners, has
been funded for $ 6.2 million over the years.

For the tribal program, six bands of state Chippewa got together to form the
Minnesota Chippewa Tribal Housing Corp., while four Lakota communities worked
through the Minnesota Dakota Indian Housing Authority.  A seventh Chippewa tribe
put together the Red Lake Housing Finance Corp.

Each entity decided its own procedures for loan processing, price limits and
loan applications, Donna Fairbanks, Indian housing coordinator of the MHFA, told
the Oweesta conference here of First Nations Development Institute, which is
based in Fredericksburg VA.

Ms. Fairbanks, a White Earth Chippewa, said credit checking was loose to begin
with, but the state legislature was tolerant of the start-up and "we didn't go
down the tubes."

Average house price is $ 34,000 and the loan-to-value is 100%.  Ms. Fairbanks
told the meeting, and she noted that foreclosures at 0.02% are better than
thosefound in Federal Housing Administration loans.

But delinquency is 11%, and the groups "work with that constantly," she said.

"We'll carry a family for quite some time if we see they're really making an
effort," she said.  "The key is getting on it right away."

Credit criteria now include no judgments or past dues on credit records, she
said.  Denial rates in the tribal programs run to 20%, she said, but are just 2%
for urban Indians in the state.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday

Judge Rules Tribal Immunity Trumps State's Payday Loan Crackdown

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - OTHER CONSUMER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 584  words


California's plan to halt payday loan services owned by Indian tribes was dealt
a setback this week after a state appeals court ruled tribal sovereign immunity
stands in the way.

A panel for the Second Appellate District ruled Tuesday that, while the U.S.
Supreme Court has not yet analyzed the "arm of the tribe" immunity doctrine, the
numerous federal and state courts that have made such inquires developed tests
to determine proper application of the doctrine.

Â "There can be little question that that MNE [Miami Nation Enterprises] and SFS
Inc. function as arms of their respective tribes," Presiding Judge Dennis
Perluss wrote for the District Seven panel. "MNE was created directly under the
Miami Tribe's tribal law as a subordinate unit of the tribe itself to provide
for its economic development."

MNE and SFS Inc. are the parent companies of five check-into-cash businesses -
Ameriloan, United Cash Loans, US Fast Cash, Preferred Cash and One Click Cash -
that the state investigated in 2006 for unlicensed and illegal loan activities.
The California Department of Corporations issued a cease-and-desist order. After
finding the businesses had ignored the order, the state took them to court in
2007. Officials accused the companies of engaging in unlicensed deferred deposit
transactions, originating loans over the legal maximum, charging excessive fees
and failing to provide customers with legally required notices.

MNE and SFS moved to dismiss the state action, claiming the companies were
simply the trade names of the federally recognized Miami Tribe of Oklahoma and
the Santee Sioux Nation and therefore afforded sovereign immunity from state
enforcement actions. After an evidentiary hearing, the trial court agreed that
the payday loan companies were "arms of the tribes" and that federal policies
intended to promote tribal autonomy further protected the companies from state
action.

"A tribal entity engaged in a commercial enterprise that is otherwise entitled
to be protected by tribal immunity does not lose that immunity simply by
contracting with non-tribal members to operate the business," Perluss ruled.
"Similarly, whether or not the Miami Tribe and the Santee Sioux negotiated good
or poor management agreements for themselves - whether a share of net profits
would be more beneficial under the circumstances than a percentage of gross
revenues and whether they could have insisted on a higher percentage than they
actually received - even if not minutiae, cannot serve as the basis to determine
the tribal entities are not functioning as arms of their respective tribes."

Tribal immunity has nothing to do with the respectability or ethical nature of a
tribe's business dealings, the ruling concludes.

"Absent an extraordinary set of circumstances not present here, a tribal entity
functions as an arm of the tribe if it has been formed by tribal resolution and
according to tribal law, for the stated purpose of tribal economic development
and with the clearly expressed intent by the sovereign tribe to convey its
immunity to that entity, and has a governing structure both appointed by and
ultimately overseen by the tribe," Perluss wrote. "Such a tribal entity is
immune from suit absent express waiver or congressional authorization. Neither
third-party management of day-to-day operations nor retention of only a minimal
percentage of the profits from the enterprise (however that may be defined)
justifies judicial negation of that inherent element of tribal sovereignty."

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 APRIL 12, 1999

Internet Partnership to Originate Loans for Native Americans

BYLINE: By Kim Renay Anderson

LENGTH: 633 words

Lenexa, KS-First Americans Mortgage Corp., a subsidiary of AmeriResource
Technologies Inc., has joined forces with EMB Corp. to give Native Americans the
opportunity to originate loans through the Internet.

James E. Shipley, EMB Corp. chairman and chief executive, said the goal of the
alliance is to provide a faster, flexible and more complete on-line mortgage
solution with new technology.

EMB will create a website for First Americans Mortgage from which Native
Americans on and off of the reservation can not only apply for a loan, but also
pre-qualify for it.

Dustan R. Shepherd, president of First Americans Mortgage, said Native Americans
will also be able to print out a spreadsheet, giving them in-depth information
about the loan they applied for and even get a glossary of mortgage terminology.


"Native Americans are the last vast untapped residential real estate market in
the country," said Mr. Shepherd.

Another part of the Internet partnership involves interacting with Native
Americans on reservations via EMB's "Video Interactive Mortgage Process."

As a result, Native Americans who lack accessibility to home loans will have the
opportunity to talk with a First Americans Mortgage representative and originate
a loan via the Internet.

"Not every reservation will have video conferencing, but we intend to use it to
provide homebuyer education and application. As a result, we think it will lead
to originating a lot of loans for us [on and off reservations] nationally," said
Mr. Shepherd.

First Americans Mortgage will originate the loan, PMI will underwrite it for
credit and insurance, Freddie Mac will buy the loan and Washington Mutual will
act as a servicer, said Mr. Shepherd.

Part of the initiative involves preparing Native Americans for the
responsibility of homeownership. Each tribe teaches a three-hour homebuyer
education course to Native Americans, Mr. Shepherd said.

All those who complete the course receive a certificate of completion from the
tribe, which is certified by PMI and Freddie Mac to teach homebuyer education.

Mr. Shepherd said the advantage of the homebuyer course is that it categorizes
prospective homebuyers in three groups: those ready to purchase a home; those
ready to purchase a home within 12 months; and those who need education about
budgeting and counseling and need to clean up their credit before they can
qualify for homeownership.

First Americans Mortgage reported that those classified "as ready to purchase a
home" are sought after to assist with homeownership as soon as they complete the
homebuyer education course.

In addition, the company said it has made a deal with PMI to offer a maximum
mortgage of up to 97% loan-to-value for originations among Native Americans.

The only requirement for borrowers is a minimum of 1% of the borrower's own
funds toward the downpayment. An additional 2% and closing costs can be financed
through a tribal second mortgage.

"We'll begin to get other forms of capital on the reservation, but we'll start
with the mortgage industry," Mr. Shepherd said. "In two to three years, we hope
as a company to be doing well over 200 million dollars in origination of loans a
year among the Native Americans."

In the years between 1996 and 1998, First Americans Mortgage originated 125
loans totaling approximately $ 8 million. Most of these loans were section 184
and other conventional loan programs/product on fee simple land.

"I think we will see Native Americans being a force in the mortgage business.
The need is there," said Bruce Brosky, EMB executive vice president marketing
and public relations. "Native Americans are not being marketed at all. They are
a vast population with (a) need for homes."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Connecticut Cracks Down on Native American Lending Operation

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - OTHER CONSUMER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 409  words


Connecticut regulators have fined the head of a Native American tribe and the
two payday loan companies it owns a total of $1.5 million for allegedly
violating a state cap on interest rates.Otoe-Missouria tribe's Great Plains
Lending LLC and Clear Creek Lending must pay a combined $800,000 for making
illegal loans to residents of Connecticut, according to an administrative order
Tuesday from Connecticut's Department of Banking. John Shotton, chairman of the
Oklahoma-based tribe, was fined $700,000.

Connecticut officials believe it may be the first action against a leader of a
Native American group involved in payday lending.More than a dozen tribes,
including the Otoe-Missouria, have gotten into online payday lending in recent
years and federal and state regulators have begun cracking down on many players
in the payday loan ecosystem. The tribes say rights granted to them by the U.S.
mean they can lend money at rates topping 700% a year, even in states that ban
the short-term loans.Shotton says his business follows federal and tribal laws
and that regulators, such as those in Connecticut, are ignoring legal
protections regarding Native Americans' sovereign rights. He said his
impoverished tribe needs the profits to fund affordable housing and after-school
programs.Â

Connecticut's action follows anOctober court victoryagainst the tribe for New
York's banking regulator when a U.S. appeals court ruled against the
Otoe-Missouria and another tribe that sued to establish their right to make
high-interest online loans.

Benjamin M. Lawsky, superintendent of the state's Department of Financial
Services, had ordered 35 online lenders, including at least four companies owned
by tribes, to stop offering loans in New York that exceed the state's interest
rate cap of 25%. ??Lawsky's office also had sent letters to Citigroup Inc., Bank
of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co and 114 others banks asking them to cut
off the payday lenders critical access to borrowers' checking accounts.

The tribes sued, arguing Lawsky overstepped his jurisdictional bounds in trying
to regulate business activity that takes place place on Native American
reservations in Oklahoma and Michigan.Â Other regulators have raised questions
about whether some payday websites are really owned by tribes. Pennsylvania's
attorney general sued Think Finance Inc. in November for using tribes, including
the Otoe-Missouria, as a cover for an "illegal payday-loan scheme."

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 16, 1996

HUD Will Guarantee Up to $ 2B of Indian Housing

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: Scottsdale, AZ


The Department of Housing and Urban Development has given lenders a big new
opportunity in American Indian housing finance by guaranteeing up to $ 2 billion
in Indian affordable housing as part of the Native American Housing Assistance
and Self-Determination Act.

Title VI of the law, which passed in the waning hours of the last Congress,
provides for up to $ 400 million of guarantees for each of five years starting
with fiscal year 1997.

Dom Nessi, deputy assistant secretary of the HUD Office of Native American
Programs, called the Title VI loan guarantees "the hidden jewel" of the act.

He told the HUD Native American Homeownership Summit here that tribes or
tribally designated housing entities could access the guarantees through "a
variety" of methods, including bonds and bank loans.

Mr. Nessi said the guarantees, which will need appropriation, provide tribes "an
opportunity to look for large-scale housing development projects now" and "an
opportunity to address housing needs now."

Lenders who advance money to tribes or TDHEs also can take comfort from another
provision of Title VI.

That says that HUD can repay up to 30% of the interest the tribes incur from
these housing obligations, in effect subsidizing them if it chooses to do so.

And in cases of "extreme hardship" HUD can assist the borrower in payment of
both principal and interest if it is unable to repay.

The bill, the brainchild of Rep. Rick Lazio, R., NY, separates Indian Housing
Authorities, which are mostly rural, from public housing authorities, which are
mostly urban.  It goes into effect on Oct. 1 of next year.

It extends leaseholds on reservation lands to 50 years from the current 25 in
order to encourage private mortgage lenders.  Lenders and secondary market
agencies have seen the 25-year leases as an impediment to getting a security
interest in such lands for 30-year mortgages.

And though government money appropriated for IHAs will retain a focus on
low-income housing, the cap on amounts that can be used for higher-income
borrowers (10% or five units) has been abolished and will now be decided by a
negotiated rulemaking process.

Christopher Boesen, staff member on Rep. Lazio's housing and community
opportunity subcommittee, called the new law, which basically deregulates
authority over housing appropriations to the tribes "as sweeping a change in
housing policy . . . that has ever occurred."

Many of the staple HUD programs like HOME, Hope, and Mutual Help will disappear,
to be replaced by a single block grant that tribes will be responsible for.  The
allocation formula will be determined by the rulemaking committee.

Tribes must submit a housing plan to HUD encompassing both the next year and a
five-year span.

Jacqueline Johnson, executive director of the Tlingit-Haida Regional Housing
Authority, Juneau, AK, and chair of the National American Indian Housing
Council, told the meeting that NAIHC has been stumping for a block grant
appropriation of a minimum of $ 850 million for the IHAs for the next fiscal
year.

But she said NAIHC hears that the "passback" amount, meaning what the Office of
Management and Budget has passed back to HUD after its initial budget
submission, is about $ 447 million, about the same as it is currently.

That number is "not enough," Ms. Johnson told the meeting.  "With a plan, but
not doing anything else, we're not better off."

Mr. Nessi said that carrying out the changeover from being the agents of a
single Federal agency to being in charge of an integrated housing effort will be
"an interesting and challenging task" for tribes.

HUD's oversight role, said Mr. Nessi, will include the power to terminate
payment, reduce payment or limit the availability of payment of the block
grants.

HUD also can replace a tribal housing entity.

There is a "safety net" in place, he told the meeting, in that no tribal entity
can receive less than it did in 1996.  If the tribe does not designate a new
tribal entity, the existing Indian Housing Authority will stay the TDHE, he
said.

Mr. Nessi said the TDHEs could now decide on housing efforts that hadn't been
allowed in the past, such as college housing, special needs housing for the
elderly, or facilities for troubled youth.

HUD no longer is going to say "you can't do that," Mr. Nessi said.

The only statutory requirement left, Mr. Nessi said, is that TDHEs can't charge
more than 30% of income for housing.

And if a tribe doesn't hear from HUD within 60 days of filing its housing plan,
Mr. Nessi said there is a simple rule to follow - "you proceed."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Dom Nessi

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

The Piscataway Speaker Series will present guest lecturers on November 11 and
12, at 6:00 pm, and November 13, at 2:30 pm, in Room BI-104 of the Business and
Industry Building, La Plata Campus.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

The Piscataway Speaker Series will present guest lecturers on November 11 and
12, at 6:00 pm, and November 13, at 2:30 pm, in Room BI-104 of the Business and
Industry Building, La Plata Campus.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

The Piscataway Speaker Series will present guest lecturers on November 11 and
12, at 6:00 pm, and November 13, at 2:30 pm, in Room BI-104 of the Business and
Industry Building, La Plata Campus.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Maryland: CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Charles County Administration, The State of Maryland has issued the following
event detail:

CSM Presents, "Native Pride and Spirit: Yesterday, Today and Forever"
(+) itinerary
Friday, November 14, 2014

Dates:  November 10, 2014, through November 14, 2014

Time:  9:00 am - 1:00 pm ("Piscataway Connections" Exhibit)

Location:  College of Southern Maryland, La Plata Campus, Business and Industry
Building (BI), 8730 Mitchell Road, La Plata, MD

The Diversity Institute at the College of Southern Maryland is hosting a week of
cultural and educational events on the Piscataway Conoy Tribe to celebrate
Native American Heritage Month in November.  The week-long celebration of
Piscataway culture and tradition begins at the college with an opening ceremony
at 6:00 pm, November 10, at the Center for Business and Industry Building (BI),
Chaney Enterprises Conference Room (BI-113).  The ceremony will include tribal
song, music and dance to honor the state's original inhabitants, and remarks
from CSM President, Dr. Brad Gottfried; Institutional Equality and Diversity
Office Associate Vice President, Makeba L. Clay; Tribal Chair of the Piscataway
Conoy, Mervin Savoy; Accokeek Foundation at Piscataway Park President, Lisa
Hayes; and Charles County Public Schools Executive Director of School
Administration, Marvin Jones.

An exhibit, "Piscataway Connections," on loan from the Accokeek Foundation and
enhanced with local tribal artwork and artifacts, will be open following the
ceremony from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, November 10; and noon to 8:00 pm, November 11-13,
and 9:00 am to 1:00 pm, November 14, in the Besche Oil Conference Room (BI-124).
The exhibit includes information about Piscataway life and unique crafts,
artifacts and archaeological finds from the Piscataway Conoy Tribe and the
collection of St. Mary's College of Maryland Professor, Dr. Julia King. In
addition, the exhibit will include a touch & feel table with turtle shell beaded
bag, finger woven belts, moccasins, red fox hide, raccoon hide, beaver hide,
deer hide and tanned deer skin objects.

The Piscataway Speaker Series will present guest lecturers on November 11 and
12, at 6:00 pm, and November 13, at 2:30 pm, in Room BI-104 of the Business and
Industry Building, La Plata Campus.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

Homeownership counseling service begins this fall

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 289 words


Learning the ins and outs of the home buyer's process and requirements of
diverse mortgage loan programs will be the focus of a workshop and direct
service that starts this fall.

On Friday, Oct. 02, the Native American Development Center, in partnership with
the North Dakota Department of Commerce, North Dakota Housing Finance Agency,
N.D. Community Works, USDA, American Bank Center, 1st Tribal Lending, Century 21
Realtor, Robin Gates, J. Azure Construction; will host its first one day
workshop.

This workshop will provide transportation; pick-up time is at 8 a.m. and
drop-off time is at 4:30 p.m., at and from the south side of the Kirkwood Mall.

The home buyer program explores the development process, mortgage loan options,
mortgage requirements, down payment assistance options and a parade of homes
tour to understand the housing market. The need for consumers to successfully be
capable of homeownership is all possible with guidance.

This workshop is a pre-requisite to obtaining the required homebuyer
certification. The certification will be soon be available and will be delivered
as an eight hour one-on-one homeownership counseling session proceeding the
workshop.

"The trainings are a great opportunity for Native American citizens living on or
off the reservation to get the knowledge they need to achieve the American
dream, being capable of buying a nice home," Lorraine Davis, NADC executive
director, said

Pre-Registration is open. It will be held at the American Bank Center, 401
Fourth Street in south Bismarck. The workshop is free.

Registration is open on the day of the event pending availability.

More information is available on NADC's website,
www.nativeamericandevelopmentcenter.com, or by calling 701-595-5181.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

Homeownership counseling service begins this fall

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 289 words


Learning the ins and outs of the home buyer's process and requirements of
diverse mortgage loan programs will be the focus of a workshop and direct
service that starts this fall.

On Friday, Oct. 02, the Native American Development Center, in partnership with
the North Dakota Department of Commerce, North Dakota Housing Finance Agency,
N.D. Community Works, USDA, American Bank Center, 1st Tribal Lending, Century 21
Realtor, Robin Gates, J. Azure Construction; will host its first one day
workshop.

This workshop will provide transportation; pick-up time is at 8 a.m. and
drop-off time is at 4:30 p.m., at and from the south side of the Kirkwood Mall.

The home buyer program explores the development process, mortgage loan options,
mortgage requirements, down payment assistance options and a parade of homes
tour to understand the housing market. The need for consumers to successfully be
capable of homeownership is all possible with guidance.

This workshop is a pre-requisite to obtaining the required homebuyer
certification. The certification will be soon be available and will be delivered
as an eight hour one-on-one homeownership counseling session proceeding the
workshop.

"The trainings are a great opportunity for Native American citizens living on or
off the reservation to get the knowledge they need to achieve the American
dream, being capable of buying a nice home," Lorraine Davis, NADC executive
director, said

Pre-Registration is open. It will be held at the American Bank Center, 401
Fourth Street in south Bismarck. The workshop is free.

Registration is open on the day of the event pending availability.

More information is available on NADC's website,
www.nativeamericandevelopmentcenter.com, or by calling 701-595-5181.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 13, 1999

Norwest Hits SD Indian Milestone

BYLINE: By Kim Renay Anderson

LENGTH: 298 words

Pierre, SD-Norwest Mortgage Inc. has closed its first loan on the Crow Creek
Indian Reservation using the Department of Housing and Urban Development's
Indian Home Loan Guarantee Program.

The company said it now has closed mortgage loans in all nine reservations in
South Dakota.

"This accomplishment is a culmination of hard work and determination by many
individuals within our organization and the broader Native American Community,"
said Juel Burnette, Indian Country originator at Norwest Mortgage.

"It's truly a milestone that no one else in our industry has achieved," said Mr.
Burnette.

Norwest Mortgage said it will finance the 20 homes constructed on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation as part of the Native American Homeownership and Economic
Development Summit.

Land held in trust for a tribe cannot be mortgaged, while land held in trust for
an individual must receive federal approval before a lien can be placed on the
property, notes Shirley Miller, coordinator of HUD in South Dakota.

As a result, tribes, tribal housing authorities and individual Native American
families have had limited access to private mortgage capital.

Mr. Burnette said in most locations the Bureau of Indian Affairs loan approvals
occur in less than 30 days as opposed to several months. During 1997, Norwest
Mortgage began working with Indian Housing Authorities to increase homeownership
opportunities on Indian reservations in South Dakota.

To date, the company has closed 45 loans on Indian Reservations in the state,
including 14 on the Rosebud Reservation, eight on Pine Ridge, seven on Standing
Rock, six on Lake Traverse, four on Lower Brule, three on Cheyenne River and one
on each of the Yankton, Flandreau and Crow Creek Indian Reservations.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

Clearinghouse CDFI Merges with Arizona MultiBank for Western Expansion

BYLINE: Tanaya Macheel

SECTION: DEALMAKING & STRATEGY Vol. 1 No. 100

LENGTH: 338  words


Clearinghouse CDFI in Lake Forest, Calif., has acquired Arizona MultiBank
Community Development, a community development financial institution that
operates in the Southwestern U.S. and on Native American reservations.

Clearinghouse acquired Arizona MultiBank's assets and loan portfolio fora
combination of cash and Clearinghouse stock. Clearinghouse also agreed to retire
Arizona MultiBank's $10 million in long-term debt certificates. Arizona
MultiBank will donate its remaining assets to the Arizona Community Foundation,
about $1 million in Clearinghouse stock and $1 million in a legacy fund for
making community development donations.

The acquisition will increase Clearinghouse's assets by about $8 million.
Clearinghouse will operate Arizona MultiBank as a division of the institution
and retain all its employees.

"We're adding to what they do as opposed to taking it away or changing it
completely," Clearinghouse CEO Douglas Bystry said in an interview.
Clearinghouse will do "a lot more lending and larger, more impactful loans in
Arizona."

The combination of the two institutions is an unusual occurrence in the CDFI
field, Bystry said.

"Sometimes it just makes economic sense to have some groups with a shared
mission align themselves," Bystry said. "We're not actively looking [to acquire
another CDFI], but who knows if this will be something someone else might
emulate."

Clearinghouse also plans to increase lending to Native American reservations and
other tribal communities in Arizona and New Mexico, and will create a Native
American advisory board for the CDFI.

JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and PacWest Bancorp in Los Angeles are Clearinghouse's
largest shareholders. JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Bank of America had been the
largest holders of Arizona MultiBank's debt.

Clearinghouse is owned by numerous banks, including Banc of California in
Irvine, whichacquired an 8% stakein May 2014. Other owners include First Banks
in St. Louis, Luther Burbank Savings Bank in Santa Rosa and Farmers & Merchants
Bank of Long Beach.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

Navajos lose $3.5M in default loans: Chase bank collects from BCDS; Poultry farm
likely next

BYLINE: &mdash; By Alysa Landry &mdash; The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 433 words


The two banks poised to recover nearly $3.5 million in loans from struggling
Navajo businesses have collected.

JP Morgan Chase collected $2.2 million Thursday from the now-defunct Biochemical
Decontamination Systems Manufacturing Inc., in Shiprock, and Native American
Bank is expected to collect $1.2 million from Diné Poultry Products on Monday,
said Deswood Tome, communications director for the Navajo Nation's Washington,
D.C., office.

"I did get confirmation that both banks are collecting," Tome said. "The Diné
Poultry loan probably will happen early next week, but the JP Morgan loan has
been collected."

Both companies secured collateral for the loans from the Navajo Dam Escrow
Account, a fund established through a settlement between the Nation and the city
of Farmington.

This week's combined losses total nearly $3.5 million, or more than half of the
estimated $6 million Navajo Dam Escrow Account.

BCDS folded last year after the Navajo Nation ousted its chief executive
officer, Hak Ghun. The former business chief has a history of fraud and used
more than $3 million in BCDS dollars to pay for personal expenses.

The Navajo Nation has not yet made a statement about what, if any, charges Ghun
will face.

"The Nation has to decide who they're going to go after now," said LoRenzo
Bates, a member of the Tribal Council's Budget and Finance Committee.

Native American Bank called its $1.2 million loan to Diné Poultry Products last
month after the egg farm fell 55 days delinquent in making a $16,000 payment.

The project was supposed to be built in the Huerfano Chapter and yield 145
million marketable eggs per year, but it has yet to produce its first egg or
establish more than a mailing address in Bloomfield.

Employees and officials at the Denver-based American Native Bank said Friday
that the bank has not collected on the loan and had no plans to do so.

"I don't think that's true," said Eloise Cobell, co-chairwoman of the bank's
board of directors. "We were kind of surprised to hear that. Native American
Bank is doing everything it can to help whoever is in charge of that project."

Cobell declined to comment further, stating that banking is a private matter and
shouldn't be publicly reported.

Native American Bank President Dave Gilman was out of the office Friday.

JP Morgan Chase spokeswoman Mary Jane Rogers also declined comment, citing
client privacy.

"We are not able to confirm anything on the record," she said. "We're going to
stay quiet on our client relationships. As a practice, we are really careful
about not talking about our clients."

Alysa Landry: alandry@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Mohegan Sun operator asks noteholders to amend covenant

BYLINE: by Lisa Allen

LENGTH: 761 words


Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, the Native American tribal entity that operates
the Mohegan Sun casino, announced on Tuesday that it has opened a consent
solicitation asking its most senior class of noteholders to amend a covenant in
order to pave the way to refinance subordinated debt.

Uncasville, Conn.-based Mohegan already refinanced its debt in February 2012,
but a restructuring professional who has experience in the tribal gaming space
thinks this additional refinancing is a logical move.

"These coupons have relatively high rates, and most of them are trading above
par in the case of second-lien notes, while juniors are trading near par, so
it's not surprising that they're looking to change their maturity profile," the
source said.

Mohegan is asking holders of its 11.5% second-lien senior secured notes due 2017
to amend a covenant that would allow the tribe to refinance two levels of
subordinated debt - the 10.5% third-lien senior secured notes due 2017 and the
11% senior subordinated toggle notes due 2018.

Mohegan is also seeking to amend another covenant to explicitly allow it to do
business with the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut if it were to open a
hotel on tribal land.

The restructuring source believes that uncertainty about Mohegan's future is
conducive to a "wait-and-see" approach. "There are still questions about events
that are coming down the pipe," he said.

The casino will see one big drain on its revenues disappear in the beginning of
2014 when Mohegan's legal obligation to give 5% of its gross revenues each year
to the casino's initial backer, Trading Cove Associates, expires.

On the negative side, Massachusetts' plan to get into the gaming business with
three new casinos will heighten Mohegan's competition.

"Whether Mohegan will be part of that [opening of new casinos in Massachusetts]
is still up in the air," the source said.

Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and New York also plan to enter the gaming space,
creating even more regional competition for Northeastern players such as
Mohegan.

For now, Mohegan's main competition is Ledyard, Conn.'s Foxwoods Resort Casino,
another tribe-owned facility that completed a complex debt restructuring process
on July 1.

Both Mohegan and Foxwoods are making plays to open casinos in Massachusetts, and
another debt refinancing would put Mohegan in a better position to expand.

Pursuant to its consent solicitation offer, Mohegan's noteholders would receive
$2.50 per $1,000 in notes tendered before the expiration date.

A source familiar with the offer said the primary purpose of the consent
solicitation is to lower interest rates and potentially extend debt maturity
dates.

If the tribe gains consent, it will follow up with an exchange offer that would
ask holders of its 10.5% notes and 11% notes to trade their subordinated notes
for senior unsecured notes with amended terms.

The solicitation closes at 5 p.m. on July 30.

Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is the solicitation agent for the offer,
while D.F. King & Co. Inc. is the information agent.

During its 2012 refinancing, Mohegan issued $200 million in 11.5% second-lien
senior secured notes, $344.2 million in 11% senior subordinated toggle notes,
$417.8 million in 10.5% third-lien senior secured notes and a $225 million, 9.5%
first-lien term loan due 2016.

Mohegan's 2012 restructuring wasn't about reducing the debt load or giving out
haircuts, the restructuring source said. "They've delayed the day of reckoning
until a time when they'll have a better data pattern to work with," he said,
adding, "No one incurred any pain or took permanent impairments."

Although legally complex restructuring situations at Native American casinos
such as Foxwoods Resort Casino and Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino may make
investors nervous, Mohegan looks like a safer bet.

The restructuring source believes Mohegan has one of the best reputations among
tribe-owned casinos on Wall Street. "Mohegan gets the gold star for corporate
citizenship," he said, explaining that Mohegan has been very transparent in
terms of making SEC filings to release financial information, holding analyst
days and being available to the investment community.

"When they get new financing, it will be cheaper than it would be if their
financial situation was opaque," he said, adding, "Mohegan needs Wall Street to
grow, so it will behave."

Blackstone Group LP advised Mohegan on its 2012 restructuring, while Wachtell,
Lipton, Rosen & Katz provided legal advice.

Mohegan executives didn't respond to requests for comment.

DEAL SIZE

$ 250-500 Million

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 17, 2008

Cattle call: U.S. Supreme Court to take up Sioux tribal court award

BYLINE: Heather Cole

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 241  words


The U.S. Supreme Court will on April 14 take up a case stemming from a Sioux
tribal court award whose plaintiffs were represented by several St. Louis
attorneys.

The case is an appeal of a 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals June opinion
affirming a Sioux tribal court award of $750,000 for Ronnie and Lila Long,
members of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe and co-owners of a ranch on the
tribe's reservation in South Dakota.

The Longs had sued Plains Commerce Bank of Hoven, S.D., saying the bank
discriminated against them and withheld promised operating loans. The Longs
claimed the withheld loan would have allowed them to save the 500 cattle that
died in blizzards in the brutal winter of 1996 and 1997.

The bank has argued that it did not discriminate, and that the tribal court did
not have jurisdiction over it as a non-member of the tribe.

St. Louis Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal attorney Roger Heidenreich represented
the Longs with Washington University associate law Professor Steve Gunn, several
of the university's law school students and tribal attorney Thomas Van Norman of
Eagle Butte, S.D.

Heidenreich spent at least 200 hours on the case, making it part of the reason
he recently won a Sonnenschein's Rothschild Partner's Award for pro bono work.
Heidenreich also was cited for work on a lawsuit involving the rights of
convicts who have remained in custody after completing their sentences because
they are found to be sexually dangerous.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     January 10, 2001 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Tribal bank gaining clout Planned merger to boost capital

BYLINE: By Kristi Arellano, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 478 words


A Denver-based financial organization representing about a  dozen American
Indian tribes will acquire the Blackfeet National  Bank from the Blackfeet Tribe
in Browning, Mont.

The acquisition by Native American Bancorp., which is subject  to regulatory
approval, would create a bank with more than $ 20  million in capital with
offices in Denver and Browning. The  Blackfeet National Bank recently reported
assets of $ 18.1 million  and capital of $ 1.1 million.

Bank officials said the merger will help the Blackfeet  National Bank, which
will operate as Native American National  Bank, offer more competitive rates and
fees for its customers. It  will also increase the tribes' borrowing capacity.

'As a small bank, there was a lot we couldn't do a lot to  serve the needs of
our community,' said Elouise Cobell, chairwoman  of the board of directors for
the Blackfeet National Bank.

The bank, which was launched with a $ 940,000 investment from  the tribe in
1987, has helped finance more than 200 start-ups on  the Blackfeet Reservation.

'We were the first bank that was in the heart of Indian  country,' Cobell said.
'We were serving people that never had  access to capital and credit and
providing a service where there  was a complete void, in my opinion.'

The merger will make the Blackfeet bank part of a larger  effort to provide
banking services for tribes throughout the  United States. Native American
Bancorp. is working to establish  the nation's largest intertribal bank.

The Native American National Bank, which plans to make its  headquarters in
Denver, would be subject to the same regulations  as any other bank. It would
serve as a community bank and as a  large-scale national bank, providing
large-scale loans to  Indian-owned businesses and investing in non-Indian
companies, its  members said.

'It is the largest financial opportunity ever presented to  tribal nations,'
said Tex Hall, chairman of Native American  Bancorp. and of the Three Affiliated
Tribes of North Dakota.

'Our merger with Blackfeet National Bank will be a significant  boost to our
mission of creating economic power through the  pooling of our resources.'

Tribes that have underwritten Native American Bancorp.  include Colorado's Ute
Mountain Utes; the Pequots of Connecticut;  Seminoles in Florida; Cheyenne River
Sioux in South Dakota; Grand  Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa in Michigan;
the Mille Lacs  Band of Chippewa in Minnesota; the Tlingit and Haida tribes, in
  Alaska; the Arctic Slope Regional Corp., comprising several tribes  in
northern Alaska; the Navajo Tribe in Utah, Arizona and New  Mexico; the Puyallup
Tribe in Washington; and Hall's Three  Affiliated Tribes in North Dakota.

Native American Bancorp. has yet to establish a Denver office.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Ute's Triple-A Lauded as Tribe Prepares First Muni Deal

                           November 30, 2001, Friday

By Elizabeth Albanese

DATELINE: DALLAS



The Colorado Southern Ute Indian Tribe, the first Native American government in
history to receive natural triple-A credit ratings, will bring its long-awaited
deal of $69 million of general obligation bonds to market Dec. 12 in a
negotiated deal with Bank One Capital Markets.

The upcoming adjustable rate bond sale marks the Ute tribe's first municipal
bond transaction. Originally slated for late summer, the sale was pushed back
pending the hiring of a new financial adviser after the tribe parted ways with
longtime financial adviser Jon Jurrius, president of Jurrius Enterprises. With
the recent hiring of George K. Baum & Co., the tribe, which is also represented
by bond counsel Kutak Rock, is ready to make its first foray into the market,
officials said.

"From our perspective, this deal marks such uncharted territory that minor
delays really are insignificant," said Jessalynn Moro, an analyst with Fitch.
"The GO pledge of a tribal government versus that of a town, city, or county are
very different. The bondholders are used to relying on certain factors -- in a
crunch, a town, city, or county might be able to raise tax revenues. But a
tribal government doesn't collect tax revenues."

In the case of the Ute tribe, financial flexibility is derived from operations
that take advantage of the vast mineral assets of tribal property, with
additional investments in both the market and real estate. Proceeds of the bond
sale will pay for the construction costs associated with a new civic center,
school renovations, and defeasance of a $15 million bridge loan used to finance
water and sewer repairs.

The Ute government has divided its assets into two funds: a growth fund to pay
for development and a permanent fund that could be likened to a university
endowment or the Texas Permanent School Fund.

The permanent fund recently was fully invested, meaning that all tribal
governmental needs will be funded in perpetuity, said Brian Zink, the tribe's
chief financial officer.

The tribe received triple-A ratings from both Fitch and Standard & Poor's
earlier this year. While most tribal governments that utilize bond funding rely
on unrated private placements, some analysts say the Ute government, with its
unenhanced triple-A marks, could pave the way for more deals of this kind.

"That's certainly the hope," Moro said. "This could be a new direction for
tribal credits if tribal governments are able to manage to build the kind of
financial flexibility that the Ute tribe has."

Moro said the tribe has what she considers the best municipal credit she has
ever seen. In fiscal year 2001, the tribe brought in 82% more revenue than was
needed to fund the government, while maintaining policies of scholarship,
dividend, and retirement fund distributions. In addition, she said, the tribe
maintains a very strict policy about how funds are managed.

Standard & Poor's managing director Hy Grossman said in October that the tribe's
ability to diversify and build an infrastructure that would serve residents won
their triple-A rating for them. Grossman identified the Utes as an example of
strong tribal management in an October study, in which he said tribes interested
in achieving investment-grade credit should concentrate on overall credit
quality through broad-based economic initiatives rather than merely
concentrating on project financing.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 578 words

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Metro;
Casino fears slow reservation plans

BYLINE: Christopher Quinn; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 627 words



HIGHLIGHT: Oklahoma Creeks eye Georgia land. Federal recognition as a nation
opens door to gambling.


A St. Simons Island developer has agreed to sell 300 acres of prime real estate
to a band of Oklahoma Creek Indians, a move he says is key to creating jobs and
developing 4,300 fallow acres near Brunswick.

But some legislators and Georgia Creek Indians oppose the sale. They're
concerned it will lead to casino gambling and inter-tribal competition.

Developer Joe McDonough wants to partner with the tribe to develop up to half of
the 4,300 acres he owns into a commercial and industrial complex through federal
loans and grants the tribe could draw down.

The sale is contingent on the Bureau of Indian Affairs approving the land as a
new tribal homeland. It would be the first federally recognized reservation in
Georgia.

But Creeks living in Georgia and some legislators fear the Kialegee Tribal Town,
the Oklahoma Creeks who have a history of seeking land for casinos, will bring
land-based gambling to Georgia.

Brunswick already has a cruise ship that heads three miles offshore to
international waters, where the dice and card tables open for play.

"This is really establishing the process" to land the tribe in Georgia, said the
area's freshman Sen. William Ligon, R-Waverly, who doesn't want the land deal to
open the door for casino gambling.

The Kialegee could apply for the gaming permit later, Ligon said. The federal
gaming permit process usually takes several years and could be approved only
with the governor's OK.

Ligon has taken a preemptive strike with Senate Bill 62, which would require a
two-thirds vote by the General Assembly to transfer Georgia land to another
government or nation.

It passed the Senate but stalled in a House subcommittee.

Allied with Ligon are a separate band of Creeks who never left Georgia when
other American Indians were forced out in the 1800s. Georgia has recognized them
as the Lower Muscogee Indians, but they lack federal recognition.

"This has never been done before, where a tribe has moved back into an area and
done this," tribe member Nealie McCormick of southwest Georgia told a state
House subcommittee last month.

He said he is concerned about gambling and that the move by the Kialegee, which
has about 400 members, could break up his tribe. The Lower Muscogee Tribe is
based in Whigham, where members teach language and culture and hold special
events.

State-recognized tribes don't get federal benefits or nation status. Federally
recognized Indian tribes, though, are considered nations within the nation that
can establish their own courts and regulations, including gambling, over which
states have no jurisdiction.

Nathan Sparks, director of the Brunswick and Glynn County Development Authority,
has been working with McDonough on the project, but the authority hasn't taken a
stance on the reservation issue.

"My point is, the industrial site is viable with or without the Native-American
designation, although Mr. McDonough thinks that could be accelerated with the
Native-Americans," Sparks said. "The bottom line for us is we want to help
create jobs on the piece of property, and are working to that end."

The Kialegee hope to build a historically accurate re-creation of an
American-Indian town "like Colonial Williamsburg" on the property, with a
museum, hotel, entertainment center and golf course, according to McDonough and
tribal Chief Tiger Hobia.

McDonough argues that trying to block the Georgia plan will kill job creation at
a time when the state unemployment rate exceeds 10 percent.

Rep. Roger Lane, R-Darien, chairman of the House judiciary subcommittee
reviewing Ligon's bill, represents part of Glynn County and has concerns over
the casino question.

"But I think [McDonough's plan] has a lot of merit," he said. "Whether or not
the state would be able to prevent [gambling] is the question."

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 29, 2008 Friday

Kansas Indian museum makes a comeback

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 380 words


WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - While other Wichita museums struggle to survive, the
Mid-America All-Indian Center has amassed enough savings to operate on those
funds alone for 10 months.

The $90,000 reserve fund is one example of the strides the center has made from
a troubled past of money problems and the disappearance four years ago of some
artifacts.

Now, the center's board is refining the organization's purpose, expanding its
programs and enhancing its cultural offerings. The board also plan to hire a
third staff member to oversee programs.

But there's also an eagerness for the center to regain its iconic status as a
tribal gathering place.

"Overall I'm happy and I'm pleased, but the steps we're taking right now are
baby steps," said Sonie Simon, a Native American Elders Council member who once
served as the center's co-interim executive director.

Four years ago, the Mid-America All Indian Center was $135,000 in debt and had
lost more than 270 pieces of Indian artwork and artifacts. In 2005, the Wichita
City Council approved a $175,000 loan to the center's board to pay off the debt.

The center then began building its savings by cutting staff, programs and hours
of operation. Revenue came from gift shop sales, membership fees and facility
use rents.

"They're an organization that has gone through some difficult times, and I think
they're on the upside of that process now," said John D'Angelo, the city's arts
and cultural services manager.

Nearly 17,800 people have visited the center during the past six months.

Its museum was closed from mid-January to late June, reopening after roughly
$700,000 in renovations paid for by the city's Capital Improvement Program.

"The broader public, not just the native American community, now sees the
asset," D'Angelo said of the center.

Pat Cox, whose tribal heritage includes Shawnee, Delaware and Cherokee, was glad
the regular lunches for American Indian elders still occur center.

"That's the only time that I'm actually here, in town with a group of Indians,"
Cox said. "I'm not a powwow person."

Educational programs, such as classes in traditional beadwork, are in the works,
said board member Robert Marley.

"Everybody wants us to come out and dance, and all this," Marley said of native
people, "but there's more to us than that."

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              May 15, 2011 Sunday

South Dakota payday lender fights cease-and-desist order by Md. financial
regulators

BYLINE: Ben Mook

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537  words


An online payday loan company operating out of a tribal reservation in South
Dakota is fighting an attempt by Maryland financial regulators to block it from
offering loans in the state.

Martin A. Webb, owner of Timber Lake-based Payday Loans Financial LLC, said in a
motion filed last week in U.S. District Court in Baltimore that he is entitled
to tribal sovereign immunity. Webb is an enrolled member of the Cheyenne River
Sioux Tribe and he operates Payday Loans Financial and other online payday loan
websites like LakotaCash.com from a location on the Cheyenne River Reservation,
home to the Cheyenne River Lakota Nation.

Webb and his attorney, who did not return calls for comment, had filed a motion
in April to have the case heard in federal court rather than at an
administrative hearing by the Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation.
Webb argues in the motion that state regulators have no authority over his
companies because they operate solely on the reservation and the loan agreements
themselves are subject to tribal laws and regulations.

Sarah Deer, a tribal law professor at William Mitchell College of Law in St.
Paul, Minn., said the immunity argument might prove to be a tough one for Webb
to prove since the companies are registered with the South Dakota Secretary of
State and are not owned by the tribe.

"I don't believe tribal immunity applies in this case," Deer said. "There is no
immunity for an individual if they're living on an Indian reservation. If it
were the tribal government running the payday loan company, then immunity would
apply, but that is not the case. "

But Deer did say that Webb's argument that borrowers consent when taking a loan
to be under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Court
might stand a better chance.

Maryland financial regulators issued a cease-and-desist order in March over
complaints that the firm charged interest at annual rates ranging from 400
percent to 1,800 percent for loans it made. Designed to be small loans to carry
customers between paychecks, the loans are illegal in Maryland and are
characterized by short repayment periods and high interest. Under state law, the
maximum APR allowed is 33 percent on unpaid balances of less than $1,000. Loans
of more than $1,000 have a cap of 24 percent.

According to the cease-and-desist order, nine customers of Webb's companies
claimed they were charged exorbitant interest on small-balance loans taken out
online. In one case, a customer took out a $400 loan in April 2009 and had six
days to repay the loan plus a $120 finance charge - amounting to a 1,825 percent
annual rate. The customer had the option to extend the loan payback period by
paying a $120 finance charge each time.

The woman said she renewed the loan five times, paying $120 to $170 each time.
She had paid $705 in finance charges as of July 2009 but still owed $390 of the
original loan.

Webb and Payday Loans Financial are also the subject of a lawsuit in Denver by
the Colorado state's attorney's office on claims the company made more than 200
loans to residents in that state without securing a state license. According to
Colorado state law, loans with interest rates above 12 percent need to be
licensed.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Developing food security, sovereignty

BYLINE: Teddye Snell, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 840 words


April 14--TAHLEQUAH -- When the Cherokees rebuilt their nation 150 years ago
following the Trail of Tears, they immediately went to work re-establishing a
government, along with higher education and court systems.

Stacy Leeds, Cherokee citizen and dean of the College of Law at the University
of Arkansas, said that while history reveres the Cherokee judges, scholars and
lawmakers of the time, most Cherokee citizens were farmers.

Leeds gave a presentation Friday about tribal governance, land use, food and
agriculture police and economic development during the 42nd annual Symposium of
the American Indian at Northeastern State University. The luncheon was hosted by
the NSU Chapter of American Indian Students in Science and Engineering, and
Leeds offered the AISES students food for thought about where their careers
could be going.

"My intent today is, I see a trend where I think the skills of future AISES
students will be front and center," said Leeds.

Leeds explained briefly the history of the Cherokees after removal, and talked
about how they immediately went about establishing a government, a seminary and
a court system to handle infrastructure and commerce, and trade with outside
entities.

"By if you study what was really going on locally, most people weren't lawyers
or judges," said Leeds. "My family, like most Cherokees, didn't have many
graduates of the seminary, as the education system was still for the elite. So
what did they do? Most of them farmed. We were absolutely excellent at making
our own living, feeding ourselves and taking care of our communities."

Leeds explained many tribes were not as fortunate. They often were removed to
U.S. government-controlled reservations, where local tribal government control
did not exist.

Over time, the Cherokee government helped establish an infrastructure for its
farmers to help regulate the supply of goods, including ports of commerce,
security for the highways and loans for farmers.

"We had a host of business and land laws to help economic development," said
Leeds. "We owned our land in fee, meaning the federal government had no control
over what we did with it. What changed? The federal government wanted to do away
with the tribe."

Leeds explained that as a result of this desire, the federal government
abolished tribal courts; forced a radical change in property law through the
land allotment system that was open to taxation and regulation; and abolished
the tribe's higher education system when Indian Territory became Oklahoma.

"One allotment myth that circulated at the time is that the federal government
wanted to parcel the land out to teach Indians to be efficient landowners,"
Leeds said.

At the time, she said, many farmers owned acreages far in excess of the 180-acre
allotments being doled out by the U.S. government.

"As a result, agriculture production declined," said Leeds. "And I'm standing on
a campus governed by the state, rather than the department of education of the
Cherokee Nation."

Leeds pointed to the trend for Native Americans to pay closer attention to food
sources, mentioning that many people are making a concentrated effort to buy
fresh and local as a healthier choice.

"So, how does AISES fit in?" asked Leeds. "Tribal governments are making
tremendous strides in self-governance, setting up infrastructure for economic
success and providing revenue streams that guide us toward self-sufficiency.
Most of that has come from gaming. I can look across Indian Country at the
professional people running gaming and would put them up against any
professional in the industry. What we need now is a second level of
professionals in food production. We really need Indian agriculture economic
people, people involved in water quality, and biotechnology, etc. Engineers are
key to our future food sovereignty."

Leeds pointed out that if you take a map of U.S. food deserts -- places where
people do not have access to a supermarket or grocery store within a mile of
their homes -- and superimpose it over a map of Indian Country, you'll find
Indian Country is one big food desert.

"So the question becomes, how are we going to get food to our people, or get
people to our food?" said Leeds. "What's interesting is that according to 2012
agriculture Census data, there are 80,000 Indian agriculture producers, which is
the single fastest-growing demographic. We have 12,000 Native American youth
involved in Future Farmers of American, and 60,000 Native American youth
involved in 4-H. What can we do to support them? What can we do to create a
professional class to provide infrastructure? We need professionals in food
safety, ag engineering, nutrition analysis and supply-chain management. I know
it's a lot to digest, but we need to investigate how to be a sustainable food
tribe. I think it's a very exciting thing to think about."

tsnell@tahlequahdailypress.com

___ (c)2014 the Tahlequah Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) Visit the Tahlequah
Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) at www.tahlequahdailypress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140414-TD-Developing-food-security-sovereignty-0414-20140414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2014 Tahlequah Daily Press


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 27, 1996

Casino Fuels Mortgage Program

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: Green Bay, WI


Casino revenues have nourished a tribal mortgage program which has more than $ 7
million in credit outstanding from more than 200 loans in the last 15 years.

The Oneida Nation of Wisconsin, which has a flourishing casino and bingo
operation on its reservation here, has an unusual mortgage operation in at least
two respects.

One, the tribe's casino revenues have enabled it to extend mortgages to tribal
members largely without going to local banks.  And second, revenue generated
from interest payments now is enough to pay the general and administrative (G&A)
costs of the 24-person operation.

Norma Flauger, loan officer for the Oneida Department of Land Management, told
the Oweesta conference sponsored here by First Nations Development Institute,
Fredericksburg VA, that the mortgage program predated the great success of the
casino, but that since 1992, "with more money available it has made a
difference." More than $ 6.6 million of the total of $ 7.3 million has been
financed since 1992.

The mortgage program has been in operation so long, since 1982, that 25
additional loans made from it have been fully paid down.

The tribe has four products available for members on its eight-by-twelve-mile
reservation just adjacent to Green Bay.

The first is a 20% downpayment loan.  Originally at a maximum of $ 15,000, this
meant the tribal member could obtain a maximum home loan of $ 75,000 from a
bank.  Reflecting the increased prosperity of the tribe, this has been increased
to $ 50,000, meaning the maximum home loan has increased to $ 250,000.

The direct real estate and mortgage program is available for purchasing homes
within the old boundaries of the Oneida territory.  The mortgage is directly
from the tribe and is made at interest rates more favorable than the member
could get from a bank.  The tribe acquires the land and retains it under its own
name, which provides a tax break for the tribal member.  Frequent open houses
showcase properties available.

The third program is for home repairs or improvements.  Originally the amount
available was $ 5,000 but that has been boosted to $ 20,000.

The most recent program is a veterans loan program.  Oneida veterans may use it
to purchase existing homes, build their own, or repair their current properties.
According to a 1995 report on the program, the tribe intends to have the program
become a revolving facility and will support all tribal loan activity.  "Until
then, an allocation of funds is set aside each year from the land acquisition
budget to replenish each loan program."

According to the report, all of the loans are in good standing.  Interest and
principal collected are deposited into designated accounts at Bank One and
Associated Bank.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Open Mortgages in the Oneida Nation, Department of Land Management

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Scotts Valley tribe's casino plan faces uphill battle

BYLINE: By Lisa Vorderbrueggen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1088 words


Measure U, the Indian gaming advisory question in November, was a vote of all
Richmond residents and not that of voters in the unincorporated area.n The
Scotts Valley casino is proposed for 30 acres of unincorporated, industrial and
privately owned property at Parr Boulevard on the Richmond Parkway. Guidiville
sought to build on the former 422-acre Point Molate Navy Fuel Depot site, which
is city-owned land within city limits along the shoreline.n Unlike Guidiville,
the Scotts Valley project needs no local approvals and in 2006 secured a $330
million municipal services agreement with Richmond for water, roads and other
services.n Scotts Valley wants to build a 2,000-slot casino -- the size of
typical large Nevada casinos -- while Guidiville sought approval for two hotels
and a 122,000-square-foot conference center in addition to gambling.Whether the
differences in scope, size and location will help the Scotts Valley tribe
overcome significant anti-gaming political sentiment is an open question.The
Lytton Band in San Pablo, the only tribe with gambling in the Bay Area, withdrew
its expansion plans five years ago after it became clear that the Legislature
would not approve the compact it had negotiated with then-Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger.Contra Costa County has no legal jurisdiction over an Indian
casino built on tribal land. However, it has invested considerable time and
money opposing federal approval on the grounds that it would, among other
things, foment costly social problems such as smoking, gambling and alcohol
addictions.The county also hired a Lewis and Clark College historian who wrote a
controversial study disputing Scotts Valley's ancestral ties to Contra Costa, a
key factor in winning federal approval.The tribes have a far more formidable foe
in U.S. Sen.

Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., who sits on a powerful appropriations subcommittee
with jurisdiction over the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs
and the National Indian Gaming Commission.Feinstein introduced legislation in
April that would substantially tighten the rules under which tribes may obtain
the federal Indian lands designation necessary to place new property intended
for tribal casinos under sovereign Native American control.She vigorously
opposes what she characterizes as "reservation shopping," or an unholy alliance
between wealth-seeking investors and Indian tribes.The senator says the bill
will end the practice by requiring a demonstration of substantial and direct
aboriginal and modern connections between the tribe and the land where it seeks
to build a casino. The existing standard permits the Department of the Interior
far more room for interpretation.About 17 California tribes have Indian lands
designation applications pending with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, including
the Scotts Valley and Guidiville.The two East Bay tribes were told privately
last year that the bureau -- led by appointees of President Barack Obama --
intended to approve their requests.However, the bureau remains officially silent
on the matter, as the administration reportedly navigates the delicate politics
between anti-gaming forces and Native American tribes who view casinos as a way
out of crushing poverty.Scotts Valley leaders now worry that Feinstein's
opposition, coupled with Obama's imminent re-election campaign and fears of
inciting a political wedge issue, will drive the decision even deeper into the
federal bureaucracy."We're in limbo," said Scotts Valley Chairman Donald
Arnold.With or without Feinstein's legislation, Arnold rejects the
characterization of his tribe as an opportunistic, reservation shopper with no
legitimate ties to Contra Costa.Arnold's band of 233 people -- nearly half are
children -- is among four landless tribes restored to federal recognition after
a successful 1992 court battle.According to tribal history, its aboriginal
ancestors were among nomadic groups that occupied portions of the Bay Area until
the 19th century, when settlers forced them off their territorial grounds,
decimated their populations with disease and threatened them with
enslavement.The band traces its more recent roots to 1911, when the federal
government relocated a mixed group of Indians from throughout Northern
California -- including those who spoke one or more of seven Pomo dialects --
onto 57 acres in Lake County that became known as the Scotts Valley
Rancheria.Nine out of 10 Scotts Valley tribal members are direct descendants of
Mary and Fernando Frese, a Native American couple born in southern Napa County
in 1845 who were among the amalgamation of original rancheria residents,
according to tribal documents.The tribe lost its federal tribal status in 1965,
and the government gave individual members parcels of the original rancheria
property. But with few jobs and little income, they were unable to pay the real
estate taxes or repay loans taken against the land, and it was all sold.Arnold's
family, along with many of their tribal counterparts, eventually moved to the
Bay Area. He graduated from high school in San Francisco and lives in
Hayward.Today, the tribe's official service area includes Lake, Mendocino,
Sonoma and Contra Costa counties, and it has offices in Lakeport, Concord and
Richmond. About half its members live in Lake County, while the balance reside
in the East Bay.

Like many tribes, Scotts Valley leaders view gaming as a proven path to
prosperity.

As of October, nearly two-thirds of its members were unemployed. Three-quarters
qualify as low income under federal guidelines. A third live below the federal
poverty line.

A lucrative casino deal is the only business model where a landless, poor tribe
can attract deep-pocket investors willing to gamble on a lengthy and uncertain
government approval process, tribal leaders Arnold and Ray said.

The tribe voted in 2002 to pursue a casino, selected the North Richmond site
among more than a dozen contenders and, in 2004, signed a joint venture deal
with Florida-based investor Alan Ginsberg.

The tribe and Ginsberg in June inked a casino management contract with Seminole
Tribe of Florida, which awaits National Indian Gaming Commission approval.

If the Scotts Valley tribe is successful at the federal level, it also must
successfully negotiate a compact with California's governor and Legislature in
order to operate Las Vegas-style slot machines, also called Class II gaming
devices.

Contact Lisa Vorderbrueggen

at 925-945-4773 or IBABuzz.com/politics . Follow her at
Twitter.com/lvorderbrueggen .

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     August 4, 2005 Thursday, Final Edition

Plan to invest gets tribes help with loans;
Maine Council of Churches has joined forces with Four Directions to provide
financial literacy and help.

BYLINE: JEN FISH Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: YORK


For most people, a home is not just a place to live but an asset that can be
used as collateral for loans to start a business or fund a college education.
But for many of Maine's American Indians, home ownership is an impossible dream
for a variety of reasons. For example, tribal land cannot be used as collateral
because it cannot be owned by lenders who are not tribal members.

The Four Directions Development Corporation was formed in 2001 to help deal with
the problem. It provides low-interest loans to tribal members to buy their own
homes and start their own businesses.

The idea, said Executive Director Susan Hammond, is to build wealth in Maine's
four tribes one person at a time, while increasing financial literacy among
tribal members.

Now the Maine Council of Churches has joined forces with Four Directions to
bring economic development to some of Maine's poorest people.

The partnership was formed in the aftermath of the 2004 casino referendum. The
Maine Council of Churches opposed a casino, but still wanted to do something to
help Maine's tribes, said Tom Ewell, the council's director.

The group had no idea how to help, he said, until it discovered the Four
Directions Development Corporation.

The two groups are now working to raise $1 million for Four Directions, and
kicked off the Giving Winds Capital Campaign in York County earlier this year.
At an open house in York on Wednesday, the partners announced they have already
raised $250,000 and are now taking their appeal directly to the people.

The campaign is unique because people can make donations or loan money to Four
Directions as an investment.

For the Maine Council of Churches, working with Four Directions has brought
unexpected benefits in building a bridge between cultures, Ewell said.

"This has been terrific for us," he said of the partnership. "This really
touches the personal lives of the average tribal member."

Four Directions, Ewell added, does not provide hand-outs. It offers loans that
help tribal members become financially independent and empowered.

So far, Four Directions has issued about $1.5 million in loans with no defaults,
said Hammond. But demand is heavy and the money that comes in is put to work
very quickly.

Four Directions also aims to expand its educational programs with classes that
help people become even more financially independent.

"We invest in the people, not the property they buy," Hammond said. "We want to
help the individual to become more."


Staff Writer Jen Fish can be contacted at 282-8229 or at:
jfish@pressherald.com


LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Backing Regulators

BYLINE: By RACHEL ABRAMS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 578 words


A United States District Court judge has reinforced the Federal Trade
Commission's authority to go after payday lenders that claim their ties to
Native American tribes make them immune to laws restricting high-cost loans.

The judge, Gloria M. Navarro of the Federal District Court in Nevada, said that
the agency was within its rights to pursue its case against one such lender, AMG
Services, which the commission accused of misleading borrowers desperate for
cash.

The decision comes as federal and state authorities are increasingly cracking
down on payday lenders, which issue short-term loans tied to a borrower's
paycheck.

Earlier this week, for example, the Illinois attorney general filed a lawsuit
against All Credit Lenders, a short-term lender that the office accused of
violating state usury laws that cap interest rates at 36 percent.

The payday loan industry has argued that it provides credit for people who would
otherwise be shut out of the mainstream financial system, but some authorities
worry that hidden fees and other costs can make interest rates skyrocket above
300 percent, trapping consumers in a long cycle of debt.

As a growing number of states have looked to rein in payday lenders with
interest caps and other restrictions, lenders have found creative ways to skirt
those rules and make loans to residents even in states where they are banned.

The companies affiliated with tribes have been a particularly tough challenge to
regulators.

Regulators in at least 21 states have tried to go after lenders connected to
tribes. New York State's financial regulator, Benjamin M. Lawsky, for example,
sent letters to 35 online lenders, including some with tribal affiliations,
ordering them to ''cease and desist'' from offering loans that violate the
state's 25 percent interest rate cap.

In one example cited by the F.T.C., the defendants are said to have told one
consumer that a $500 loan would cost him $650 to repay. But the company tried to
charge him $1,925 to pay off the $500 loan, and threatened him with arrest when
he balked at paying that amount, the F.T.C. said in its initial complaint in
2012.

In the case against AMG, Judge Navarro said that the Federal Trade Commission
Act, a federal law preventing unfair or deceptive competition and commerce,
''grants the F.T.C. authority to regulate arms of Indian tribes, their
employees, and their contractors.''

The decision upholds an earlier opinion on the case from a magistrate judge last
year.

''This ruling makes it crystal clear that the F.T.C.'s consumer protection laws
apply to businesses that are affiliated with tribes,'' Jessica Rich, the
director of the agency's bureau of consumer protection, said in a statement on
Wednesday. ''It's a strong signal to deceptive payday lenders that their days of
hiding behind a tribal affiliation are over.''

In its announcement, the commission called AMG Services' ties to American Indian
tribes in Oklahoma and Nebraska ''tenuous.'' The F.T.C. said that the company
violated federal rules by ''piling on undisclosed and inflated fees, and by
threatening borrowers in debt collection calls with arrest and lawsuits.''

A representative for AMG could not be immediately reached for comment.

Last year, the agency reached a partial settlement with AMG that included
barring the company from threatening to sue borrowers or have them arrested in
order to collect on loans.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/03/19/judge-sides-with-f-t-c-in-payday-lending-
case/

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 10, 2007 Friday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Tribal education group to move into Calais museum

BYLINE: DIANA GRAETTINGER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: CALAIS


A tribal education organization is expected to help stabilize the economic
resources of the Downeast Heritage Museum now that it is moving into the
facility.

Maine Indian Education oversees the education of youngsters in three of Maine's
Native American communities - Penobscots at Indian Island near Old Town and the
Passamaquoddy at Indian Township and Pleasant Point. The school committee is
made up of five members, all of whom are tribal members.

MIE has been at its current location on Route 1 next to the Washington County
Community College since 1973. The building is owned by WCCC.

Superintendent Ron Jenkins said Thursday that the MIE looked at other sites
before settling on the heritage museum.

Jim Porter, who is chairman of the Downeast Heritage Museum board of directors,
said Thursday that combining the two entities would be a good fit for the
museum.

"We think it fits with the mission of the museum because it represents a better
connection with the tribes, and then there is the education component to it,"
Porter said.

He said that the People of the Dawn exhibit, which recounts the history of the
Passamaquoddy, is an integral part of the museum.

The museum opened in 2004 with only three of the four permanent exhibits in
place and without operating funds to support a marketing program.

Although USDA Rural Development and four area banks approved a loan of $1.3
million to pay final construction costs, build a fourth exhibit and provide
short-term operating funds for one year, the museum struggled.

In 2006 the museum filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Since then the
board has been working to find ways to emerge from that.

Also in 2006, the Maine Visitor Information Center moved into the building. It
now occupies space right near the front entrance. The St. Croix Valley Chamber
of Commerce also is housed in the building.

Recently Maine Indian Education signed a 10-year lease with the board and agreed
to pay $2,900 monthly rental fees. "Enough to cover [the museum] mortgage,"
Porter said. "We're not getting rich over it."

The MIE employs about 12 people. In addition to the benefits of having MIE on
site, Porter added there is the bonus of the additional people making use of the
downtown area, including eating at local restaurants.

Jenkins said they were in the process of packing boxes and hoped to be set up in
the museum later this month.

The MIE plans to take over the office suite on the second floor of the museum as
well as the conference room on the first floor.

That means the museum staff will have to move into the unused exhibit space next
to the St. Croix Island exhibit.

Partitions will be built to create office space for the museum staff. The museum
has two full-time employees. "We're not using the exhibit space to our fullest
advantage," Porter said.

Another positive, Porter said, is that MIE plans to install videoconferencing
and make it available to the museum.

Jenkins agreed with Porter that the move represented benefits for them both.
"This is very exciting," Jenkins said.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Heitkamp Statement on Senate Committee Assignments for New Congress

LENGTH: 874  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:


U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today issued the following statement about her
Senate Committee assignments for the 114th Congress.

"It's through Senate committees that I'm able to push many of my priorities to
stand up for North Dakotans," said Heitkamp. "That's what I did during the last
Congress, and I'll continue those efforts in the new Congress. Because of my
work through committees during my first two years in the Senate, I fought to
pass a long-term Farm Bill, give Native American children the support they
deserve, enable first responders to get training and resources to handle
hazardous incidents like train derailments, make housing more affordable, and
support rural post offices. As we begin the new Congress, I'm excited to build
on the experiences I have already learned from serving on these committees and
continue my work for North Dakota."

By continuing to serve on Senate Committees she worked on in the previous
Congress, Heitkamp will be able to build on her work and become an even stronger
voice for North Dakota:

Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition & Forestry: As the former Chairwoman
of the Subcommittee on Jobs, Rural Economic Growth and Energy Innovation,
Heitkamp looks forward to continuing to help oversee and help craft the
direction of farm, renewable energy, and economic policies for rural America.
Last Congress, she helped shape and pass the 2014 Farm Bill by fighting for
policies that support North Dakota farmers and ranchers, worked to strengthen
crop insurance programs, and introduced bipartisan legislation to remove
unnecessary burdens on North Dakota growers.

Senate Committee on Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs: Heitkamp is committed to
building on her work to address housing challenges both in North Dakota and
nationwide, and pushing for greater local and community bank representation.
Last Congress, Heitkamp pushed for and secured more appropriate Fair Market
Rents (FMR) for families in need of affordable housing assistance in 2013, as
well as emergency FMR waivers and higher Federal Housing Administration (FHA)
loans for some western North Dakota counties in 2014. Heitkamp has also
consistently worked to make sure community banks are supported in the federal
government, bringing the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairman to North
Dakota to hear directly from local bankers on how community banks help small
businesses thrive, and successfully pressing the President to nominate someone
to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors with community banking experience.

Senate Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs: Heitkamp looks
forward to continuing to advocate for first responders and addressing U.S.
Postal Service challenges faced by rural communities, including through her Fix
My Mail effort. Last Congress, Heitkamp strongly advocated for more resources
for first responders and emergency personnel by introducing her RESPONSE Act,
and by securing $5 million in federal funding for a one-of-a-kind training
facility that trains first responders in responding to derailments of trains
carrying oil. Last year, 70 North Dakota first responders had been trained at
the facility. Heitkamp also helped advance comprehensive postal reform and
worked to include key changes to the legislation to improve mail service in
rural communities.

Senate Committee on Indian Affairs: Heitkamp will continue to be a steadfast
advocate for improving the lives of Native American children and increasing
tribal self-determination. Last Congress, Heitkamp introduced her first bill as
a U.S. Senator which would create a Commission on Native Children to study
challenges faced by Native children and develop recommendations to better deploy
existing resources and improve policies to change outcomes for future
generations. The bill passed through the Committee with strong bipartisan
support, as well as the endorsement of all five North Dakota tribal chairmen and
former Senator Byron Dorgan. In the Violence Against Women Act, Heitkamp worked
to protect women and children living on Native lands by pushing for the right of
tribal governments to prosecute non-Native perpetrators who commit crimes on
tribal lands. She also introduced legislation, which Congress passed, to level
the playing field for Indian tribes by ending unfair tax policies infringing on
tribal governments' sovereignty.

Senate Committee on Small Business & Entrepreneurship: Heitkamp will keep
working to advance opportunities for small businesses in North Dakota, which
account for 96 percent of businesses in the state. Last Congress, Heitkamp
recommended Bismarck-based small business owner Kari Warberg Block for a
position on the National Women's Business Council. Warburg will join this year
in advising the President, Congress, and the U.S. Small Business Administration
on economic issues concerning women business owners nationwide. Heitkamp will
also continue to support the growth of groups that promote competition and
innovation in North Dakota communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Announces More Than $1 Million in DOJ Grants for North Dakota

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ)
awarded more than $1 million in grants for justice programs administered through
the North Dakota Office of the Attorney General (AG), the Tribal Judicial
Institute (TJI) at the University of North Dakota (UND) and the Bank of North
Dakota (BND). Senator Hoeven is a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee
and passed the Commerce, Justice and Science (CJS) Appropriations bill in June,
which directs the DOJ to develop a plan to support law enforcement in the
Bakken.

Tribal Justice Institute at UND - $600,000 - The UND School of Law's TJI will
use the funds in partnership with the National Tribal Judicial Center (NTJC) at
the National Judicial College to provide training and technical assistance for
the Tribal Court Assistance Program. This program helps Indian tribes develop
and enhance their justice systems to better respond to critical needs.
    N.D. Attorney General's Office - $468,920 - The AG received two grants. The
first grant of $453,800 came from the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance
Grant (JAG) Program to create a Statewide Intelligence System to improve agency
communication, manage intelligence seamlessly and help the AG work with other
law enforcement entities. The second grant of $15,120 will assist funding the
North Dakota Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (ND DOCR) PREA
Auditing Project in conducting audits of its three adult facilities in the
state.
    Bank of North Dakota - $30,467 - The John R. Justice (JRJ) Student Loan
Repayment Program provides student loan repayment help to public defenders and
local and state prosecutors who commit to those roles for three years. BND
administers the program for North Dakota and will use the funds to help those
eligible for the JRJ program.

"We need to make sure our judicial system and law enforcement have the tools
they need to continue to ensure justice and fight crime," Hoeven said. "These
funds will help better protect our communities and improve our ability to
communicate and coordinate effective law enforcement strategies."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Not every county in the state is rich: USDA StrikeForce program targets poverty
in North Dakota

BYLINE: Katherine Grandstrand, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words


April 05--The prosperity seen in North Dakota is unmatched anywhere else in the
country. As of February, the state's unemployment rate sat at 3.3 percent.

For some Americans, North Dakota is like Israel was to the Jews in the book of
Exodus -- a land flowing with milk and honey. Modern-day pilgrims come to North
Dakota because it is flowing with oil and manufacturing jobs.

Pitted against this image are some North Dakota counties that are not
experiencing the boom and growth that have brought the state into the national
limelight. These counties are now the target of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's StrikeForce initiative, which aims to stimulate economic growth.

"We do have areas of consistently high poverty," said Jasper Schneider, state
director of USDA Rural Development for North Dakota. "Official unemployment
rates in these counties are upwards of 15 percent. Unofficial unemployment is
actually quite a bit higher than that."

Before last week, six states -- Georgia, Arkansas, Mississippi, Colorado, New
Mexico and Nevada --were part of the program. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack's announcement expanded StrikeForce to include 10 more -- the Dakotas,
the Carolinas, Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Texas, Utah and Virginia.

In North Dakota the program will target Benson, Rolette and Sioux counties along
with the tribal nations of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Spirit Lake Tribe and
Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians.

"A chain is only as strong as its weakest link," Schneider said. "With our
resources, both on the state level and the federal level, we have an enormous
opportunity to pick up all parts of the state -- especially our lowest
performing parts," Schneider said.

The StrikeForce promotes existing USDA agencies and programs to encourage
economic growth in impoverished counties -- 90 percent of all poor counties are
considered rural.

"We kind of throw our full weight at these areas of high poverty and see if we
can't move the needle," Schneider said.

In Nevada, which was part of the second wave of states to use the StrikeForce
initiative, USDA representatives first reached out to the tribes, which helped
grow trust between them and the agency, said Bill Elder, assistant state
conservationist for operations for Nevada Natural Resources Conservation Service
and the StrikeForce state coordinator.

"We identified the Native American as the priority underserved community within
Nevada," he said from his Reno, Nev., office. "The leadership of the Rural
Development, of FSA -- the Farm Service Agency -- and NRCS went to each one of
these tribes and sat down with them and said, 'Look, we're here, and these are
the programs and services that we offer.'"

Because StrikeForce is an umbrella program for all USDA agencies, it allows them
to work together more efficiently to serve those eligible and identify
individuals who may qualify for programs through other USDA agencies, Elder
said.

"At the end of year one, what this had done for us was open pathways of
communication that we otherwise wouldn't have," he said. "If we can articulate
what it is we have to offer both in terms of programs and technical services so
they can make an informed decision about what's best for them, that's the home
run."

In its second year, Nevada expanded the program to include outreach to small
farmers by having a presence at pertinent events, such as agricultural shows.

"Geographically speaking, it's fairly easy to do," Elder said. "We gain
visibility, we are able to have one-on-one contact with people, find out what
their issues are, make them aware of program opportunities and services and
that's really the key, is that one-one-on or the small-group contact."

One of the first StrikeForce efforts in North Dakota will have USDA
representatives at the Looking to the Future sustainable agriculture convention
at Sitting Bull College in Fort Yates from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. today, said
Aaron Krauter, North Dakota USDA FSA executive director.

His agency plans to use the StrikeForce initiative to promote FSA programs and
loans that could help farmers and ranchers succeed and grow, Krauter said.

"We also have real estate loans for individuals that are eligible if they want
to purchase that pasture land or that quarter of crop ground," he said.

USDA Rural Development released the Tribal Progress Report on Thursday which
highlights the USDA grants and loans the tribes of North Dakota have taken
advantage of since 2009.

Many of those funds were used to improve the tribal colleges, Schneider said.

"I'm a firm believer that one of the best ways to combat persistently high
poverty is through education," Schneider said. "We made it a priority at USDA to
partner with the tribal colleges and they've really become first-class campuses
and provide the opportunity of a real quality post-secondary education. They're
probably the best example of what's going right in our tribal communities."

More from around the web

___ (c)2013 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130405-QX-Not-every-county-in-the-state-is-rich-USDA-StrikeForce-program-targe
ts-poverty-in-North-Dakota-0405-20130405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2013 The Dickinson Press


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Three new markets open for Indian home loans;
City bank adds Missouri, Alabama, Mississippi

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 290 words


Bank2 has opened markets in three states for federally guaranteed home loans
designed to boost home ownership among American Indians.

Bank2, owned by the Chickasaw Nation, is the first bank to make the Section 184
loans, administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, in
Missouri, Alabama and Mississippi. The Oklahoma City-based bank booked loans in
each of those states within the past 90 days, Bank2 President Ross A. Hill said
Monday.

"This is a significant accomplishment," Hill said. Bank2 has worked with HUD
over the past nine months to launch the Section 184 loans in Missouri, Alabama
and Mississippi, and then closed the first loans in each of those states, Hill
said.

Bank2, formerly a national leader in Section 184 loans, has seen its share of
that program decrease, Hill said, "but it continues to be a huge emphasis for
us."

"Our goal is to put 2,500 Native Americans in homes by the year 2015, which
would be a huge accomplishment for a community bank in Oklahoma City," Hill
said.

The Section 184 Loan Guarantee Program was created more than a decade ago to
address the lack of mortgage lending in Indian Country. The 184 program offers a
loan guarantee to private sector lenders who make mortgage loans to eligible
borrowers for homes located in Indian Country.

As of the end of May, Oklahoma had the largest number of HUD-184 loans closed
with 976. Alaska was second with 499, followed by Arizona with 418 and Wisconsin
with 258.

Bank2 has been spreading the word to American Indians, individually and through
tribal housing authorities, about the products available through HUD and Fannie
Mae, Hill said.

"It's become a passion of Bank2 to try to help Native Americans become
homeowners," he said.


LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 3, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Navajo Leader Sought Lavish Gifts From Contractors, Hill Panel Is Told

BYLINE: Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 654 words


Navajo leader Peter MacDonald Sr. sought and received gifts of thousands of
dollars, travel, a hot tub for his home and a lavish birthday party at a Las
Vegas casino for his wife from businesses seeking contracts on his reservation,
a Senate investigative panel was told yesterday.

One builder who gave MacDonald unrestricted use of his company airplane agreed
with an assessment by investigators that put the value of his firm's gifts
during two years at $ 110,795.57. A Navajo contractor said he was so embarrassed
by the bluntness of the tribal chairman's demands, made in the Navajo language,
that he lied to a colleague about why MacDonald wanted the money.

Witnesses who appeared before the investigations subcommittee of the Senate
Select Committee on Indian Affairs yesterday seemed to agree with Franz
Springer, an Albuquerque businessman who set up an Indian "front" to win
business from the Navajos. Gift-giving, he said, "was something I felt was
expected on the reservation."

MacDonald, head of the largest Native American tribe in the nation, has
consistently denied any wrongdoing. A Navajo spokesman said yesterday that
MacDonald is debating whether to travel to Washington next week to appear before
the pan-el when it continues its hearings on the question of tribal corruption.

Calling the congressional hearing unfair, the Advisory Committee of the Navajo
Tribal Council resolved yesterday to send a delegation to represent the Navajo
Nation at the hearing. "The Navajo Nation has not been given the opportunity to
rebut these malicious rumors, allegations and charges with true facts," the
resolution stated.

The Senate panel's fourth day of hearings focused on allegations that MacDonald
benefited from gifts even before he was reelected tribal chairman in 1987. A
federal grand jury in Phoenix is investigating MacDonald, but Sen. Dennis
DeConcini (D-Ariz.), who is presiding over the hearings, pointed out that
violations of the tribal ethics code are misdemeanors under Navajo law,
punishable by a maximum of 180 days in jail.

Pat Chee Miller, a Navajo who was reared in a hut without a floor and now heads
a construction firm, said he could not resist MacDonald's requests for money.
"It's just one of those things in my culture, whenever an elder asks for help,"
Miller said. ". . . I didn't realize it was going to be that big."

Miller and Springer acknowledged giving MacDonald and one of his top aides about
$ 10,000 in cash. Miller said he recently stopped plans to give MacDonald a $
5,500 reproduction of a Model A Ford after a Federal Bureau of Investigation
agent questioned him about his dealings with MacDonald.

Miller, who acknowledged that Springer secretly controls his construction firm,
said he was so chagrined by MacDonald's approaches that he first told Springer
that MacDonald needed the money for prizes at a reservation festival.

Miller's company's gifts were small compared with those outlined by John
Paddock, another contractor who also created an "Indian front" to secure work on
the reservation that was supposed to be handled by Native American firms.
Paddock told of offering MacDonald a flight in his company airplane, then being
shocked when MacDonald used the plane so often that Pad-dock said he had to rent
another plane for his corporate business. Paddock said he had lent the
MacDonalds $ 35,000 in 1987 but had never received a payment on the loan and did
not expect one.

Insurance agent Larry Ward of Phoenix told of extensive renovations to a
"double-wide" trailer home he rented MacDonald. The work, estimated to cost $
60,000, included a hot tub, a deck and a new master bedroom, all completed to
remain in MacDonald's good graces, Ward said.

Ward said he gave other gifts to the Navajos. "The cost is minimal, generally
speaking," he said, characterizing the key to success with the Navajos as "a
high volume of minimal-expense items."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Casinos' slots take falls again in August

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Sep. 16--For Connecticut's tribally owned casinos, August saw some dog days.

Both Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods Resort Casino experienced double-digit declines in
slot-machine revenue last month.

The Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation, which owns Foxwoods, including MGM Grand
at Foxwoods, "won" $63.1 million at its slots, 13.3 percent less than in August
2008. It was Foxwoods' second straight month of 13 percent declines.

Nevertheless, Foxwoods' August win was only slightly lower than the $63.3
million it won in July, its high-water mark for the calendar year.

The Mashantuckets announced last month that they are seeking to restructure
their debt, which could be as high as $2.3 billion. The tribe is in danger of
defaulting on its loan obligations unless it can come to new terms with lenders,
sources have said.

The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, which operates Mohegan Sun, won nearly $69
million at its slots last month, an 11 percent decline over August 2008. The
authority reported a 9 percent decline in July.

Mohegan Sun's May win of $69.9 million remains its high-water mark for 2009.

August's year-over-year decline "really isn't apples to apples," Mitchell Etess,
the Mohegan authority's chief executive officer, said, referring to the way
Labor Day fell.

In 2008, the holiday was Monday, Sept. 1, meaning the preceding Friday, Saturday
and Sunday fell in August. This year, the entire holiday weekend occurred in
September.

"When we compared just the first 28 days of August in both years the results
weren't nearly as discouraging," Etess said. "We're eager to see what September
brings."

In a statement, Michael Speller, president of Mashantucket Pequot Gaming
Enterprises, said "some encouraging trends ... bode well for our business. We
are pleased that our occupancy rates continue to be at or near 100 percent ..."

Other gaming meccas have reported similar declines. Last week, Atlantic City's
11 casinos reported their gaming revenues were down 16.3 percent in August,
while Nevada casinos' win was down 12.4 percent in July. Casinos on the Las
Vegas Strip reported declines of more than 11 percent.

MPGE reported that nearly $6.3 million in coupons for free slots play were
redeemed at the Foxwoods casinos in August, generating more than $697,000 for
the state. Under an agreement reached last month between Attorney General
Richard Blumenthal and the casinos, the state is entitled to 25 percent of the
free slots play that exceeds 5.5 percent of the casinos' win.

The Mohegan authority reported that nearly $3.6 million in free-play coupons
were redeemed last month at Mohegan Sun, not enough to meet the 5.5 percent
threshold.

Mohegan Sun held 8.15 percent of the $846.1 million wagered on its slot machines
last month, which works out to an average daily win per machine of $330.05. The
Foxwoods casinos held 8.5 percent of their "handle" of $745.3 million for a
daily win per unit of $268.46.

b.hallenbeck@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090916-NL-Casinos-slots-take-falls-again-in-August-0916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2009 The Day


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Kashia Pomos buy 510 acres near Sonoma Coast

BYLINE: Jeremy Hay, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


March 05--In a deal its members secured by giving up some of their income, the
Kashia Band of Pomo Indians has purchased 510 acres of forested land adjacent to
the tribe's remote rancheria about 30 miles north of Bodega Bay.

The sale closed Friday and was a signal event for the 860-member tribe, whose
ancestral lands encompass the northwest Sonoma County region.

"We've got our food trees there, we've got our villages back where our people
used to be. It's really important," said Violet Parrish Chappell, a tribal
elder.

The tribe will decide what to do with the property, she said. A priority is
preserving and protecting cultural and spiritual sites. But she expressed her
own broad range of other hopes for it, too, from building a school, tribal
housing and a medical clinic, to opening a motel to serve North Coast tourist
traffic.

"We have great plans for it," she said.

The property is south of the tribe's 42-acre rancheria at Tin Barn Road and
Stewarts Point Skaggs Spring Road, high above the Pacific Ocean on hills crowded
with oak trees.

To produce the security needed to get the loan, tribal members surrendered their
rights to all or part of their annual payment of the money California tribes
with casinos share with non-gambling tribes, the tribe's attorney said.

For the Kashia Band, that amounts to a combined $1.1 million a year. The land --
0.8 square miles -- cost $1.35 million, said Anthony Cohen, the tribe's Santa
Rosa attorney.

"For them to take money out of their own pockets for this land knowing that they
aren't going to be the owners, that the tribal government is going to be the
owner, means it was very important," Cohen said.

For economically struggling tribes such as the Kashia Band, efforts to get
financing for projects are often stymied by a lack of assets. A recurring
obstacle is that reservations are held in trust by the federal government and
cannot be used as loan collateral.

But the decision by the Kashia Band's members to give up their income from the
state's gambling Revenue Sharing Trust Fund made the difference, said Gerald
Sherman, president and CEO of Indian Land Capital Company, which financed the
sale.

"I've never run across that," said Sherman, whose Montana-based, Indian-owned
nonprofit has financed tribal purchases of lands in Washington, Montana, South
Dakota and California.

"There wasn't enough financial strength in the tribe" to get a loan, Sherman
said Monday. "But they had a desire to grow and we thought that was really
interesting that the tribal members would be willing to give up per capita
payments to buy this land and strengthen their sovereignty."

The loan was made without a mortgage -- as is typical practice with loans to
governments that are expected to make good on their debt, Sherman said.

The tribe has no plans for a casino on the site, largely because of how remote
it is, said Cohen.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130305-UR-Kashia-Pomos-buy-510-acres-near-Sonoma-Coast-0305-20130305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

Kashia Pomos buy 510 acres near Sonoma Coast

BYLINE: Jeremy Hay, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


March 04--In a deal its members secured by giving up some of their income, the
Kashia Band of Pomo Indians has purchased 510 acres of forested land adjacent to
the tribe's remote rancheria about 30 miles north of Bodega Bay.

The sale closed Friday and was a signal event for the 860-member tribe, whose
ancestral lands encompass the northwest Sonoma County region.

"We've got our food trees there, we've got our villages back where our people
used to be. It's really important," said Violet Parrish Chappell, a tribal
elder.

The tribe will decide what to do with the property, she said. A priority is
preserving and protecting cultural and spiritual sites. But she expressed her
own broad range of other hopes for it, too, from building a school, tribal
housing and a medical clinic, to opening a motel to serve North Coast tourist
traffic.

"We have great plans for it," she said.

The property is south of the tribe's 42-acre rancheria at Tin Barn Road and
Stewarts Point Skaggs Spring Road, high above the Pacific Ocean on hills crowded
with oak trees.

To produce the security needed to get the loan, tribal members surrendered their
rights to all or part of their annual payment of the money California tribes
with casinos share with non-gambling tribes, the tribe's attorney said.

For the Kashia Band, that amounts to a combined $1.1 million a year. The land --
0.8 square miles -- cost $1.35 million, said Anthony Cohen, the tribe's Santa
Rosa attorney.

"For them to take money out of their own pockets for this land knowing that they
aren't going to be the owners, that the tribal government is going to be the
owner, means it was very important," Cohen said.

For economically struggling tribes such as the Kashia Band, efforts to get
financing for projects are often stymied by a lack of assets. A recurring
obstacle is that reservations are held in trust by the federal government and
cannot be used as loan collateral.

But the decision by the Kashia Band's members to give up their income from the
state's gambling Revenue Sharing Trust Fund made the difference, said Gerald
Sherman, president and CEO of Indian Land Capital Company, which financed the
sale.

"I've never run across that," said Sherman, whose Montana-based, Indian-owned
nonprofit has financed tribal purchases of lands in Washington, Montana, South
Dakota and California.

"There wasn't enough financial strength in the tribe" to get a loan, Sherman
said Monday. "But they had a desire to grow and we thought that was really
interesting that the tribal members would be willing to give up per capita
payments to buy this land and strengthen their sovereignty."

The loan was made without a mortgage -- as is typical practice with loans to
governments that are expected to make good on their debt, Sherman said.

The tribe has no plans for a casino on the site, largely because of how remote
it is, said Cohen.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130304-UR-Kashia-Pomos-buy-510-acres-near-Sonoma-Coast-0304-20130304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Meetings: Council for Native American Farming and Ranching

LENGTH: 847  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  Action



 Notice of public meeting.

 Summary



 This notice announces a forthcoming meeting of The Council for Native American
Farming and Ranching (CNAFR), a public advisory committee of the Office of
Tribal Relations (OTR). Notice of the meetings are provided in accordance with
section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, (5 U.S.C.
Appendix 2). This will be the first meeting held during fiscal year 2016 and
will consist of, but not be limited to: Hearing public comments, update of USDA
programs and activities, and discussion of committee priorities. This meeting
will be open to the public.



    Dates



 The meeting will be held on December 8, 2015, 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., and
December 9, 2015, 8:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. The meeting will be open to the public
on both days. Note that a period for public comment will be held on December 8,
2015, from 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.

 Addresses



 The meeting will be held at the Flamingo Hotel, 3555 S. Las Vegas Boulevard,
Las Vegas, Nevada 89109, in the Laughlin II Room.



 WRITTEN COMMENTS: Written comments may be submitted to: The CNAFR Contact
Person, Dana Richey, Designated Federal Officer, Senior Policy Advisor, Office
of the Administrator, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Whitten Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058; or by email:
Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov

 For Further Information Contact



 Questions should be directed to Dana Richey, Senior Policy Advisor, Office of
the Administrator, USDA/Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Whitten
Bldg., 501-A, Washington, DC 20250; by Fax: (202) 720-1058 or email:
Dana.Richey@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 In accordance with the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA),
as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 2), USDA established an advisory council for Native
American farmers and ranchers. The CNAFR is a discretionary advisory committee
established under the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, in furtherance
of the Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement agreement that was granted final
approval by the District Court for the District of Columbia on April 28, 2011.



 The CNAFR will operate under the provisions of the FACA and report to the
Secretary of Agriculture. The purpose of the CNAFR is (1) to advise the
Secretary of Agriculture on issues related to the participation of Native
American farmers and ranchers in USDA farm loan programs; (2) to transmit
recommendations concerning any changes to Farm Service Agency regulations or
internal guidance or other measures that would eliminate barriers to program
participation for Native American farmers and ranchers; (3) to examine methods
of maximizing the number of new farming and ranching opportunities created by
USDA farm loan programs through enhanced extension and financial literacy
services; (4) to examine methods of encouraging intergovernmental cooperation to
mitigate the effects of land tenure and probate issues on the delivery of USDA
farm loan programs; (5) to evaluate other methods of creating new farming or
ranching opportunities for Native American producers; and (6) to address other
related issues as deemed appropriate.



 The Secretary of Agriculture selected a diverse group of members representing a
broad spectrum of persons interested in providing solutions to the challenges of
the aforementioned purposes. Equal opportunity practices were considered in all
appointments to the CNAFR in accordance with USDA policies. The Secretary
selected the members in August 2014.



 Interested persons may present views, orally or in writing, on issues relating
to agenda topics before the CNAFR. Written submissions may be submitted to the
contact person on or before November 30, 2015. Oral presentations from the
public will be heard from 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on December 8, 2015. Those
individuals interested in making formal oral presentations should notify the
contact person and submit a brief statement of the general nature of the issue
they wish to present and the names and addresses of proposed participants by
November 30, 2015. All oral presentations will be given three (3) to five (5)
minutes depending on the number of participants.



 The OTR will also make the agenda available to the public via the OTR Web site
http://www.usda.gov/tribalrelations no later than 10 business days before the
meeting and at the meeting. The minutes from the meeting will be posted on the
OTR Web site. OTR welcomes the attendance of the public at the CNAFR meetings
and will make every effort to accommodate persons with physical disabilities or
special needs. If you require special accommodations due to a disability, please
notify the Contact Person, at least 10 business days in advance of the meeting.

 Leslie Wheelock,

 Director, Office of Tribal Relations.

 [FR Doc. 2015-27450 Filed 10-27-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                            June 30, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Museum loan of $2.5 million put on hold

BYLINE: Leanne Ritchie, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 366  words


A $2.5 million deal that would see Prince Rupert city council become the
mortgage holder on the museum building has been put on hold because of problems
within the Tsimshian Tribal Council.

Council decided to halt the project Monday after receiving letters from the
Kitkatla and Metlakatla band councils stating they are withdrawing from the
Tsimshian Tribal Council (TTC) and will no longer be responsible for any debt
inccured by the TTC.

Council also received a letter from the TTC's secretary treasurer informing
council the TTC's general executive had no information about the proposed
financial arrangement until they read about it in a newspaper.

"In order for the Tsimshian Tribal Council to borrow any amount of funds, it
needs ratification though our general exectuive (all elected Chiefs of each
nation) via meeting and recorded in the society's minutes. Because it is the
seven Tsimshian Nations that make up the tribal council's society, we need to be
informed of such activity that effects each individual nation," said Joe Bevan,
secretray treasurer.

The agreement would see the cash-strapped city loan the Museum of Northern B.C.
and the Tribal Council $2.5 million to purchase the building. The city would
hold the mortgage while the Musuem and Tribal Council make payments over five
years. The other primary tenant of the complex, Northwest Community College, is
in the process of finishing its new campus off Third Avenue.

Council decided it will meet with the museum board to discuss these issues
before proceeding.

"We want to have another look at it," said Coun. Ken Cote. "In my mind the deal
has changed considerably from when it was originally discussed."

Cote said orginally the plan had been to provide the parties with bridge
financing however the information received indicates a change in the TTC's
position.

"We will be talking to everyone involved and making sure it is a good, solid,
secure arrangement," said Prince Rupert Mayor Herb Pond.

Six bands are seeking to withdraw from the TTC, the organization responsible for
overall treaty negotiations for the Tsimshian Nation -- Metlakatla, Kitkatla,
Kitsumkalum, Kitselas, the Kitasoo/Xaixais and the Gitga'at First Nation.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Lynda Lafleur photo; Nets are being repaired on docks around Port Edward
and Prince Rupert. This job will last two months. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday

Lower Brule tribal members allege millions have been embezzled

BYLINE: Chris Mueller, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words


Feb. 09--LOWER BRULE -- An association of Lower Brule Sioux tribal members is
seeking an investigation into corruption among the tribe's leaders for the
alleged misuse of millions of federal dollars.

In documents and letters emailed Jan. 28 to The Daily Republic, the Lower Brule
Tribal Members/Landowners Association accuses the tribe's long-time chairman,
Michael Jandreau, and tribal council of embezzling millions of federal dollars
in grants and loans received by the tribe.

The association also accuses the tribe's officials of illegally changing the
tribe's constitution and fixing tribal elections.

"We believe as former tribal employees and current tribal members of the Lower
Brule Sioux Tribe that there is a system of corruption that has been going on
unchecked," a letter addressed to Montana U.S. Attorney Michael Cotter says.

Among the documents is a petition for the removal of Jandreau, who has been the
tribe's chairman for 33 years, and several tribal council members. The petition
is addressed to the U.S. Department of Interior and the Bureau of Indian
Affairs.

Jandreau denies the accusations.

"They have faulty information," he said in a recent interview with The Daily
Republic. "It's necessary that they need to sit down to be informed."

He said the allegations are something the association has "configured in their
own minds" and it's not the first time allegations have been brought against
tribal officials.

"It's obviously also a personal attack on me," Jandreau said. "But everyone is
entitled to their own opinions."

The association has apparently asked Cotter, Montana's U.S. attorney, to launch
an investigation by the Montana Guardians Project, which was formed in October
2011 to specifically investigate fraud and corruption in federal grants and
contracts in Indian country.

Jessica Fehr, spokeswoman for the Montana U.S. Attorney's Office, confirmed the
office has received the letter but said she has "no information to share at this
point."

The South Dakota U.S. Attorney's Office reported no knowledge of any
investigation into Jandreau or the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe, according to
spokeswoman Ace Crawford.

A specific claim in the documents accuses Lower Brule tribal officials of buying
a Wall Street company, Westrock Financial, through another company, known either
as LBC Western Holdings LLC or LBC Western, to justify a $22.5 million economic
development loan from the Department of Interior.

Tribal officials are alleged to have sold the $22.5 million loan to Great
American Insurance Group for $14.5 million, "which, to date, cannot be accounted
for, nor was it made public to the tribal members," the letter to U.S. Attorney
Cotter says.

Once the loan was sold for cash, Westrock Financial, while still owned by the
tribal officials, filed for bankruptcy, the letter says.

The series of events is just one example of an "ongoing abuse and theft" of
federal dollars by Lower Brule tribal officials, the documents allege. The
documents also say the tribe has received more than $240 million in federal
funding in the last five years.

"Many of the tribal elections have been intentionally corrupted to ensure that
there is no break in the action," the letter says.

Changes made to the tribe's constitution without the tribe's permission leave
"tax dollars virtually unchecked and without adequate oversight," the letter
says.

The documents also allege misconduct by Jandreau regarding the $18 million the
tribe received in August as a settlement from the federal government for trust
fund accounting and trust mismanagement claims, and another federal case
involving individual trust funds that ended last November with a $3.4 billion
class-action settlement among 500,000 claimants.

-- The Daily Republic's Anna Jauhola contributed to this report.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130209-JQ-Lower-Brule-tribal
-members-allege-millions-have-been-embezzled-0209-20130209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        June 8, 2003 Sunday Home Edition

CASINO VACATION SPECIAL SECTION: Chief has overseen Choctaw economic boom

BYLINE: PAULA CROUCH THRASHER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Travel; Pg. 6K

LENGTH: 551 words


Choctaw, Miss. --- Much of the credit for the Choctaw renaissance goes to the
tribe's visionary leader, Phillip Martin, who has been active in tribal affairs
since 1957.

Martin, 76, who is seeking re-election Tuesday, has served six consecutive
four-year terms as tribal chief of the Mississippi Band of the Choctaw Indians.

"We've been here for a long time, and we intend to take part in the economy,"
says Martin.

The modern history of the Choctaws, whose culture dates back 1,000 years, began
in 1934 after the federal government authorized the reorganization of American
Indian tribes.

Federal recognition did not, however, mean government funding for the
then-impoverished tribe.

"We have to make our own revenues to exist," says Martin. "We have an
opportunity here to make revenues from tourism and resort development, and the
money will go into the general fund."

But the tribe's self-determination was apparent even before gaming was
established on the 30,000-acre reservation.

During his tenure, Martin has established an 80-acre industrial park, a tribally
owned construction company and several public service enterprises, including the
Choctaw Transit Authority.

He developed Chahta Enterprise, which assembles automotive wiring harnesses in
four plants, in 1979 and began a joint venture in 1981 with American Greetings
to hand-finish greeting cards.

Martin also negotiated joint ventures to produce speakers for automobile radios
and electronic circuitry and components.

Other thriving businesses include First American Printing and Direct Mail
(1990), the largest commercial printer on the Mississippi gulf coast, and First
American Plastic Molding Enterprises (1993), which produces plastic cutlery by
injection molding for McDonald's restaurants in the eastern United States.

Tribal sales generated through the various Choctaw manufacturing enterprises,
less than $1 million when the first plant opened in 1979, exceed $200 million a
year.

The Choctaws also operate a 120-bed nursing home and a cable TV station.
Recently, the tribe purchased Frontier Ford-Lincoln-Mercury in nearby Carthage,
the first tribally owned car dealership in the country.

But the gaming operation is the largest and single most profitable Choctaw
venture.

Pearl River Resort, which includes the Golden Moon and Silver Star hotels and
casinos, posted a net revenue of $75.7 million for the two quarters that ended
March 31, up from $63.1 million a year earlier. The increase was attributed to
gaming, food and beverage and other revenue from the Golden Moon.

"We have a lot of things we didn't have before: health clinics, new schools,
paved roads, recreation facilities and the ability to send our kids to college
and universities," says Martin, who founded the United South and Eastern Tribes
Gaming Association in 1992 and continues to serve as its president.

The reservation has its own police force, fire department, health care center
and dialysis center.

Since 1969, the tribally owned construction firm has built 1,000 homes, all but
eliminating substandard housing. Through a tribal loan program, qualified buyers
can obtain loans at 3 percent.

"We've created a better life for our people," he says. "I believe we're on to a
good thing now."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Phillip Martin has served six terms as Choctaw chief.

TYPE: Special Section

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            June 26, 2002 Wednesday

TribeÕs records sought

BYLINE: Lauren Donovan

LENGTH: 467 words


Standing Rock subpoenaed to turn over documents on alleged personal loans The
Interior Department's investigative branch has subpoenaed a huge number of
documents and financial records as part of a criminal investigation on the
Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. The Office of Inspector General is looking into
allegations that the tribe made 600 illegal personal loans with money from a $90
million trust fund created by the federal government to compensate Standing Rock
for the permanent flood of Lake Oahe. The interest is supposed to be used for
health, education and economic development.

Instead, some $7 million was allegedly siphoned off and sent to banks in North
Dakota and around the country as cash collateral for personal loans that were
backed with a 100 percent guarantee by the tribe. Many of the loans are
delinquent. The subpoena ordered the tribe to turn over voluminous information
dating back to January 1996, when the trust fund was established. So far, the
fund has generated $52 million in interest. The inspector general subpoenaed all
financial records and documents relating to the trust fund and transcripts of
all tribal meetings. In one category, it ordered the tribe to turn over every
record made for or by a bank or financial institution, including checks,
signature cards, account statements, wire transfers, deposit and withdraw
records and investment accounts. Pam Botelier, spokeswoman for the Office of
Inspector General, said she couldn't comment on the details of the
investigation, other than to say it's criminal in nature. "We won't leave any
stone unturned," she said. The subpoenaed evidence was to have been turned over
last week to a special Interior Department agent in Rapid City, S.D. Allegations
about illegal loans were raised by tribal members at an April Fort Yates hearing
conducted by U.S. Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota, a member of the Senate
Indian Affairs Committee. Conrad immediately ordered an investigation into the
matter and asked the Interior Department to remove regional Bureau of Indian
Affairs Superintendent Cora Jones from any contact with the fund. Conrad said
Jones failed in her duty to oversee the trust fund. Based on information at the
hearing, the loans were made with money drawn down through her office for
reservation school improvement projects. Standing Rock Tribal Chairman Charles
Murphy would not comment on the subpoena. The Tribune was unable to reach tribal
attorney Mike Swallow, who has previously said the tribe would be cleared of any
wrongdoing. Botelier said the inspector general can take tribal authorities to
court if they fail to produce all the evidence ordered in the subpoena. "Once we
get it, we'll continue to move," she said. (Reach reporter Lauren Donovan at
888-303-5511 or scoop@ndonline.com.)

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Daiwa Seeks Niche With Native American Issuers To Foster Economic Growth With
Taxable Debt

                            April 27, 1989, Thursday

By John J. Doran


Tribal representatives of 24 Native American governments, some traveling from as
far away as Montana and California, came to Wall Street Tuesday to discuss the
possibility of financing economic development on their reservations with taxable
bond sales.

Ironically, it was neither the federal government nor an American investment
banking house that sponsored the one-day powwow on fixed-income securities, but
a Japanese securities firm, Daiwa Securities America Inc., a subsidiary of Daiwa
Securities Inc. in Tokyo.

Daiwa Securities America, like many Japanese securities firms in the United
States, has been making inroads into U.S. financial markets since it was founded
in 1964. It was one of the first Japanese firms to be named a primary dealer of
U.S. Treasury securities.

Now, the firm is working to become the leading investment banker to Native
American governments through a program it calls the American Indian Project. The
impetus behind Daiwa's move to do Indian financings was an amendment last year
to the Indian Finance Act of 1974 for which the firm lobbied aggressively.

That amendment now permits the federal government, through the Bureau of Indian
Affairs, to guarantee as much as 90% of an Indian tribe's bond offering. This
opens the way for tribes to engage in mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures,
takeovers, and economic development by selling taxable debt.

The tribes attending the seminar, which included the Blackfeet of Montana, the
Navajo Nation, the White Mountain Apache, and the Comanche tribe, discussed
proposals ranging from health-care and agricultural projects to tourist resorts,
timber and wood-pulp mills, and manufacturing facilities.

Only a few American investment banking firms, among them Bear, Stearns & Co.,
E.F. Hutton & Co. in New York, and Boettcher & Co. in Denver, have done Indian
bond deals. The handful of Indian bond deals that have been done have been
tax-exempt municipal bond offerings. The deals often looked more like corporate
leveraged buyouts, such as the purchase of a cement or mirror factory, than
traditional municipal financings, because of the economic conditions on
reservations. The tribes have little or no tax base to secure tribal bonds.

But virtually all tribes have stopped tapping the tax-exempt capital markets
because of stringent amendments to the Tribal Tax Status Act of 1983 in the 1987
budget bill. These regulations eliminated many types of deals, such as the
leverage buyouts and purchases of land off reservations, that had been done
because some legislators said the projects did not fall into the realm of
essential governmental purpose.

The tax status act grants 450 federally recognized American Indian, Aleutian,
and Eskimo tribes and villages the authority to sell tax-exempt bonds for
essential government purposes. These entities are considered sovereign states,
on the same level as federal and state governments.

Daiwa has already lined up a few tribal clients for these deals, including the
Chickasaw Nation of Oklahoma, who want to sell about $6.5 million of taxable
bonds to finance the acquisition of The Arbuckle Wilderness, a 485-acre park and
animal preserve in the state. But the deal is currently on hold because the
Bureau of Indian Affairs has not been given the nod by the Office of Management
and Budget to secure appropriations to guarantee bond deals. The bureau
currently is authorized to guarantee loans made to individual Indians and tribal
enterprises, and is now working on writing regulations for the new program.

Charles Entwistle, a senior vice president and manager of the American Indian
Project, said Daiwa is ready to serve as an asset manager of tribal funds, to
identify potential business partners for tribal enterprises, or to arrange and
underwrite financings for tribal projects. The bonds either will be publicly
offered or privately placed, he added.

While Daiwa is the first firm out of the block with this program, he noted, he
expects a number of other firms to follow suit.

Cloistered in a 26th floor conference room at the World Financial Center, where
Daiwa's headquarters are located, the tribal leaders, some attired in
conservative business suits, others in casual dress wearing cowboy boots, and
some with their hair braided in traditional style, sat around a long, wooden,
horseshoe-shaped conference table, listening to and questioning a number of the
firm's officers, including Daiwa's chairman and chief executive officer Takura
Isoda. Mr. Isoda spent the entire day mingling with tribal representatives,
discussing potential projects, and outlining Daiwa's commitment to the program.

"We understand that each of you represents an independent, sovereign nation
within the United States of America, and we are prepared to do business with you
as such," he said in a speech. "As you grow and make money, so will we."

At a reception for the tribal leaders held Monday evening, Mr. Isoda said he
became interested in working with American Indians while attending an 1987
Indian Economic Summit meeting held by the Navajo Nation. The major impediment
to doing such deals was the lack of a federal guarantee, he noted, but added
that now, with government backing, the Indian bonds can be marketed overseas to
Japanese investors.

He also said Japanese manufacturing firms may seek to do joint ventures with
Indian tribes, relocating plants and factories to the reservations. The
opportunity to set up operations in these localities would provide the companies
with eager and inexpensive labor, he said.

For the tribal representatives, the opportunity to flex their muscle with
corporate financings is inviting. Poverty, unemployment, and sickness have long
plagued many Indian reservations. Recent cutbacks in federal aid and a federal
bureaucracy that moves at a glacial pace on Indian matters have only exacerbated
the problems.

But many tribal nations have developed manufacturing, tourism, and
natural-resource industries and are looking to develop these business even more.
And tribes with potential projects in the pipeline are eager to get them on
line.

LaDoona Harris, president of Americans for Indian Opportunity, said, "Daiwa
opens doors for internationalism."

"It is the desire of Indian people to move forward, despite innumerable rocks
thrown before us in our road," said David Lester, executive director of the
Consortium for Energy Resource Tribes, a national American Indian organization
that represents 43 tribes in the lower 48 states that have natural gas, coal,
and oil resources.

Charles W. Blackwell, head of the Washington, D.C.-based American Indian Tribal
Government and Policy Consultants Inc., said, "We've got something powerful
moving here and we want to see it on through." Mr. Blackwell also represents
Daiwa's American Indian Project in Washington.

During the seminar, the tribal representatives filled out profile sheets on
their tribes and their potential projects, and then attended private meetings
with Daiwa bankers to discuss the feasibility of the projects and bond
financing.

At the close of the day, Leland Ground, treasurer of the Blackfeet Nation,
blessed the gathering and then presented Mr. Isoda, Mr. Blackwell, and Mr.
Entwistle with colorful blue-and-yellow jackets from the nation.

As the tribal representatives drifted out of the meeting, Floyd W. Nicolai,
councilman for the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead
Reservation in Montana, summed up his feelings about the day, saying, "Something
good will come of this, inroads will be made."

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1272 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 13, 2012 Monday
                                 Drive Edition

LEADERS OF OTOE-MISSOURIA TRIBE SAY ISSUES ARE NOT REFLECTION OF PRACTICES ;
Tribe-owned loan company amasses complaints

BYLINE: ANDREW KNITTLE, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 977 words

DATELINE: RED ROCK


RED ROCK - The state Department of Consumer Credit has received official
complaints against another online payday loan company owned by an Oklahoma
Indian tribe.

Mary Keel, chief examiner with the Department of Consumer Credit, said there
have been four official complaints filed by consumers against American Web Loan.
She said the complaints are confidential.

Loan companies claiming to be "wholly owned" by the Otoe-Missouria Tribe,
including American Web Loan, have been receiving consumer complaints since
around the time they were formed, Better Business Bureau records show.

Tribal leaders respond

Tribal leaders say the complaints are not a reflection of the business practices
of the lending companies.

"The financial services offered by the Otoe-Missouria Tribe to underbanked
consumers in the United States are high-quality products," said Charles J.
Moncooyea, the tribe's vice chairman. "The Otoe-Missouria Tribe is a member of
both the Online Lenders Alliance and the Native American Financial Services
Association and strictly follows the Best Practices established by both
organizations with regard to collection procedures."

Moncooyea said the tribe's call centers record and monitor "all collection calls
to ensure compliance." He said he believes some of the tribe's loan customers
may have become victims of a debt collection scheme with reported links to
organized crime in India.

"We are concerned that 'phantom debt collectors' operating from overseas
locations are illegally contacting our customers," Moncooyea said. "As ABC News
reported last month, online loan applicants' personal information is being
acquired by criminals and consumers are being victimized."

Two other companies, Great Plains Lending and Clear Creek Lending, also claim to
be owned by the tribe, although complaints against them are far less numerous.

Complaints involve billing, collections

On the Better Business Bureau's website, complaints against American Web Loan
total 101 since February 2011, just weeks after the tribe's payday lending
operations started up.

An Otoe-Missouria Tribe newsletter, which was distributed in late 2010, included
a news article about the tribe's new payday lending operation.

In the article, Moncooyea said the "new business has some restrictions."

"It is not available to Otoe-Missouria tribal members or military," Moncooyea
said. "It will be a company that will not be open to the public, and all
information will be via Internet."

Most of the complaints filed against American Web Loan on the Better Business
Bureau's website involve billing and collections issues. Roughly 20 percent of
the complaints were concerning other issues.

Betsy Lordan, a spokeswoman with the Federal Trade Commission, wouldn't confirm
or deny whether her agency is looking into the companies claiming to be owned by
the Otoe-Missouria Tribe.

"Unfortunately we are not going to be able to talk about anything having to do
with upcoming investigations, as they are confidential until (and) unless we
announce a complaint," Lordan said in an emailed statement.

Other tribes' companies

In April, the FTC came down on two other Oklahoma Indian tribes tied to online
payday lending companies, filing a complaint in U.S. District Court in Nevada.

The complaint states that companies owned by the Miami and Modoc tribes - both
located in far northeastern Oklahoma - "piled on undisclosed and inflated fees,
and collected on loans illegally by threatening borrowers with arrest and
lawsuits."

The agency is seeking an injunction to stop the companies from operating while
authorities pursue the case. Complaints against some of the companies with ties
to the Miami and Modoc tribes have continued to flow in since the FTC filed the
complaint in April, Better Business Bureau records show.

Conflicting calls

When Virginia resident Edwin Salguero, 26, borrowed $800 from American Web Loan
in May, he was just grateful the company would do business with him.

"I tried another payday lender and they denied me," he said. "Because of my
credit ... because of the fact that I'm going through a divorce ... they were
one of two places that do it for me."

Salguero, who works for a nonprofit that "helps people with mental and physical
disabilities," said he got the $800 within 24 hours.

After closing his old bank account due to suspicious activity, he called
American Web Loan and told them he was opening a new account. He told them not
to debit the account because it was no longer open.

"They called me like a month later and told me, 'Yeah, you owe us $2,000
immediately and we're going to charge you with check fraud because that account
you gave us keeps bouncing back,' " Salguero said. "But I had told them not to
use that account ... but they said that didn't concern them."

He said he worked out a settlement with American Web Loan and put $140 down. But
when he went to make his next payment, the employee said he owed a different
amount.

"I could never get a straight answer from them," Salguero said. "When I asked
them about not being licensed in Virginia, they said they didn't have to follow
our laws ... because they were in Oklahoma."

'It's immoral'

Salguero said he is not sure what to do about his debt to American Web Loan. He
plans to repay the principal but is unsure about the rest because he's never
been given a straight answer on what he owes.

"I think what I'm going to end up doing is putting money into an account until I
have a lump sum," Salguero said. "Then I'll basically money wire them the money
... so they don't have any more access to my information."

Salguero said he's contacted numerous agencies who monitor shady business
practices and that he recently filed a complaint with the FTC.

"I don't think they should be able to do what they are doing," he said. "It's
immoral ... to take advantage of people in a position like me."


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            September 4, 2006 Monday

Tribe seeks to keep traditions

BYLINE: Michel Nolan, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1196 words


James Ramos closes his eyes, his voice embracing the haunting melody of a
Cahuilla bird song.

In his hand is the traditional instrument of the Serrano people, a gourd rattle.

Ramos, the tribal-unity and cultural-awareness director of the San Manuel Band
of Mission Indians, is encouraged by the progress his people are making, but he
wants to ensure that the culture of the tribe is not lost.

"Where we are now is great compared to where we were before, but today doesn't
last forever. We're looking ahead because we have to answer to our children - we
have to have the realization it could change tomorrow," says Ramos, a
39-year-old father of four.

As cultural-awareness director, Ramos does not take his responsibilities
lightly. He believes in reaching out to the community, involvement with local
organizations and creating awareness of tribal traditions.

The first American Indian elected to the San Bernardino Community College Board
of Trustees, he also serves as a board member for the San Bernardino County
Museum Association, the Home of Neighborly Service, Arrowhead United Way, and
the KVCR Foundation for Education, among others.

With a degree from Cal State San Bernardino in business administration, Ramos
also has a number of entrepreneurial and real-estate investments.

Although proposed expansion at the tribe's casino near San Bernardino is now on
hold, Ramos says the quality of life for his people has already improved
greatly.

"Our quality of life has come up. We are able to provide health care for
members, scholarships, home loans to build homes. We're seeing paved roads,
connected sewer lines, street lights, flood control, adequate running water
that's been tested. The basic infrastructure has improved."

Even though the local reservation has been blessed, Ramos does not want to lose
sight of the bigger picture of the status of all American Indians in California,
he says.

From his perspective as the cultural officer of the San Manuel Band of Serrano
Indians, James Ramos offers these insights:

Q: In what ways do the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians reach out to the
communities outside the reservation?

A: As far as culture, we have formed a partnership with KVCR public television
and created documentaries about the tribe's history and culture, "People of the
Pines." We have a strong partnership with Cal State San Bernardino.
Contributions from San Manuel to the community range from the football field at
San Gorgonio High School to local nonprofits, libraries and the San Bernardino
City Fire Department. We also contribute to individuals in times of hardship and
give back through cultural outreach - the tribal government interacting with the
people in general through museums and schools. One of our primary
responsibilities is ensuring the culture of the tribe isn't lost. That's what it
takes to move our people forward - the more people see it, the more they
understand it.

Q: How are you creating awareness of California American Indian tradition and
culture in local communities? California Native American Day is coming up next
month, isn't it?

A: The culture of the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians is very much alive in
the tribe today. We've created Native American Day, which calls on local
educational institutions to focus on awareness, creating programs that bring
local Indian cultures - the Serrano and Cahuilla - to the people. Gov. Pete
Wilson designated the fourth Friday of September - this year the 22nd - as
California Native American Day, when truer accounts of our people are brought
into the schools, breaking the myths that all Indian peoples used drums and
lived in tepees. That's a great culture but not the culture specifically from
this area. Local speaking engagements in front of local groups also help create
awareness.

Q: What do you feel are the most important traditions to pass down?

A: Making sure we all understand where our people's creation began, ultimately
the cremation site up at Baldwin Lake area - every year we take the kids up
there and show them the site that goes with the story, instilling in them that
the world is much broader than the current-day reservation. The world is
actually theirs - the whole world - the traditional ancestral land of the
Serrano people. There are different clans of the Serrano people. Once you start
to understand the culture and move forward, you have to be the one to protect it
and preserve it, encouraging and educating more of our members and the
community.

Q: How have the casinos affected the quality of life for all tribal members?

A: Another misconception out there is that during this era of gaming, all
California Indian peoples are living a better life - that's really not the case.
Just a handful of tribes are successful in gaming. The majority of people still
live in deep, dire need of basic infrastructure - of water, electricity lines,
things we take for granted. The tribal governments have to provide these things
for their people. Our reservation has been blessed, being able to improve the
quality of life for our people. It all comes from economic development of the
tribe. We're involved in different things - not just gaming - we have bottled
water, Marriott Hotel investments in D.C. and Sacramento. The tribe is a
government, and we're responsible for providing the basic infrastructure. It
doesn't come at state expense or federal expense. We're educating more of our
people. It's a big plus for us. A lot of members are getting into community
businesses or running for elected office. We need to educate the work force to
meet the growing needs of the community - the vocational trades, everything -
for a strong outreach.

Q: How has escalating violence and crime in the area affected young people of
the tribe?

A: These are things that face every one of us. The tribe is being proactive. We
have a current memorandum of understanding with the San Bernardino County
Sheriff's Department to provide patrol on the reservation and to our
establishments. We are working with the sheriff's and mayor's offices. The tribe
is being progressive.

Q: Has the tribe been able to do anything to help stem the violence?

A: One thing the tribe is doing is contributing to local nonprofits. We see that
as a type of outreach - giving the nonprofits a mechanism to offer services in
the community so that kids have some place to go where they can feel safe. Who
better knows that than local nonprofits? Many times the local nonprofits who do
a lot of the hard work are being overlooked by the major contributors. That's
one way the tribe helps and is involved in stemming the violence - by helping
nonprofits provide safe havens. This community is part of who we are.

James Ramos will give a presentation at 7 p.m. Thursday about the history of the
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians at the Christian R. Harris Memorial Hall,
next to the Heritage House, at the corner of Eighth and D streets, San
Bernardino. The lecture is part of the San Bernardino Historical and Pioneer
Society series. For more information, call Nick Cataldo at (909) 887-0567.

Michel Nolan is a Sun columnist. She may be reached at (909) 386-3859 or via
e-mail at michel.nolan@sbsun.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Request for Public Comment on the Proposed Adoption of
Administration for Native Americans Program Policies and Procedures

LENGTH: 5595  words

DATELINE: Olympia


Office of the Federal Register, The State of Washington has issued the following
news release:



Action

Notice For Public Comment.
Summary

Pursuant to Section 814 of the Native American Programs Act of 1974 (NAPA), as
amended, the Administration for Native Americans (ANA) is required to provide
members of the public an opportunity to comment on proposed changes in
interpretive rules, general statements of policy, and rules of agency procedure
or practice, and to give notice of the final adoption of such changes at least
30 days before the changes become effective. In accordance with notice
requirements of NAPA, ANA herein describes its proposed interpretive rules,
general statements of policy, and rules of agency procedure or practice as they
relate to the Fiscal Year (FY) 2013 Funding Opportunity Announcements (FOA) for
the following programs: (1) Social and Economic Development Strategies
(hereinafter referred to as SEDS); (2) Native Asset Building Initiative
(hereinafter referred to as NABI); (3) Sustainable Employment and Economic
Development Strategies (hereinafter referred to as SEEDS); (4) Native Language
Preservation and Maintenance (hereinafter referred to as Language Preservation);
(5) Native Language Preservation and Maintenance--Esther Martinez Initiative
(hereinafter referred to as Language--EMI); and 6) Environmental Regulatory
Enhancement (hereinafter referred to as ERE). This notice of public comment also
provides additional information about ANA's plan for administering the programs.



Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
 ADDRESSES:
 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
 1. Board Resolution
 2. Governing Body Documentation
 3. Only One Active Award per CFDA

DATES: Back to Top

The deadline for receipt of comments is 30 days from the date of publication in
the Federal Register.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Comments in response to this notice should be addressed to Lillian A. Sparks,
Commissioner, Administration for Native Americans, 370 L'Enfant Promenade SW.,
Mail Stop: Aerospace 2--West, Washington, DC 20447. Delays may occur in mail
delivery to federal offices; therefore, a copy of comments should be faxed to
(202) 690-7441. Comments will be available for inspection by members of the
public at the Administration for Native Americans, 901 D Street SW., Washington,
DC 20447.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Carmelia Strickland, Director, Division of Program Operations, ANA (877)
922-9262.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Section 814 of NAPA, as amended, requires ANA to provide notice of its proposed
interpretive rules, general statements of policy, and rules of agency
organization, procedure, or practice. The proposed clarifications,
modifications, and new text will appear in the six FY 2013 FOAs: SEDS, NABI,
SEEDS, Language Preservation, Language--EMI, and ERE. This notice serves to
fulfill this requirement.

A. Funding Opportunity Announcements: For information on the types of projects
funded by ANA, please refer to ANA's Web site for information on our program
areas and funding opportunity announcements:
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/ana.

The following changes will be made to ANA's FOAs this year:

1. In FY 2013, ANA proposes discontinuing the practice of publishing a separate
SEDS--Tribal Governance FOA (HHS-2012-ACF-ANA-NG-0278) and, instead,
incorporating the Tribal Governance program areas of interest into the annual
SEDS FOA. Also, ANA proposes adding responsible fatherhood as a program area of
interest under the annual SEDS FOA.

Additionally, ANA proposes adding two new program areas of interest to the
annual SEDS FOA focused on suicide prevention and on human trafficking. Based on
information gathered during tribal consultation sessions and at other meetings,
the ANA Commissioner has been asked to address the issues related to suicide
with which many Native communities are grappling, as well as with issues related
to human trafficking that can occur on remote, isolated lands, and among
vulnerable populations.

Under SEDS, ANA proposes to move the following four sub-program areas of
interest out of Economic Development: (1) Emergency preparedness, (2) economic
competitiveness, (3) agriculture, and (4) commercial trade. Emergency
preparedness will be included under the governance program area of interest
under the SEDS FOA. Economic competitiveness, agriculture and commercial trade
will move to a proposed new FOA that is to be known as Sustainable Employment
and Economic Development Strategies (SEEDS) (HHS-2013-ACF-ANA-NE-0588), which is
part of the SEDS program (see proposal #2 in this section). For additional
information on this proposed FOA, you may also refer to the concept paper
located at the following link:
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/ana/resource/proposed-seeds-foa-concept-paper.
(Legal authority: Section 803(a) of NAPA, as amended).

2. In FY 2013, ANA will introduce the SEEDS FOA that will focus on developing
employment opportunities and business creation in Native communities. These
types of projects were formerly funded under the SEDS FOA. ANA will expand
funding for new, community-based projects that will foster economic development
through the creation of small businesses and sustainable job growth, which will
be funded under the same Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) number as
SEDS. The current economic climate has increased ANA's focus on developing
employment opportunities and business creation in native communities, resulting
in this special funding initiative to promote SEEDS. In an effort to reduce
unemployment and stimulate local economies, ANA will make $5,000,000 available
for SEEDS funding in FY 2013 for new, community-based projects that will foster
economic development through the creation of small businesses and sustainable
job growth. Applicants eligible for the SEEDS FOA are the same as those
identified as eligible for SEDS though current SEDS grantees with grants that
will go beyond the start date of the possible new award are not eligible for
funding under SEEDS.

Four priorities that ANA will promote through the SEEDS initiative are: (1)
Creation of sustainable employment opportunities; (2) professional training and
skill development that increases participants' employability and earning
potential; (3) creation and development of small businesses and entrepreneurial
activities, and; (4) demonstrated strategy and commitment to keeping the jobs
and revenues generated by project activities within the native communities being
served. Improving access to employment opportunities and supporting small
businesses will enhance local economies, enable more tribal members to acquire
and maintain gainful employment, and improve the long-term financial health of
tribal members and their families.

ANA has identified the following program areas of interest for the SEEDS FOA,
however funding is not restricted to those listed below:

(a) Agriculture: Creating, developing, or enhancing agricultural enterprise and
sustainable farming projects with a focus on distribution at local and
commercial markets.

(b) Career Pathways: Using multi-sector partnerships with entities such as
Tribal Colleges, workforce development agencies, social service providers, and
employers to develop workforce training programs that respond to local
employers' hiring needs.

(c) Commercial Trade: Strengthening local economies by increasing the demand for
locally produced goods and services.

(d) Economic Competitiveness: Creating, expanding, and retaining businesses to
reflect distinct economies operating in rural and urban areas, in both mature
and emergent sectors.

(e) Economic Infrastructure: Addressing economic infrastructure needs that will
strengthen business development and job creation in native communities.

(f) Entrepreneurship and Microbusiness: Promoting entrepreneurial development
through business incubators and other activities that support businesses and
market the availability of local products or services. (Microbusiness loans will
not be available under such projects.)

(g) Local Sourcing and Technology: Using new technologies to enhance
distribution channels for locally produced goods and services.

(h) Professional Development: Providing professional training, skill development
(including soft skills, basic skills, or technical skills) or certification that
will enhance participants' employment and earning prospects.

(i) Interoperability/Integration (partnering with ACF programs and clients):
Helping ACF clients such as youth aging out of foster care, TANF or TANF
eligible individuals, or noncustodial parents with child support agreements to
obtain employment.

(j) Place-based Strategies: Using a tribe or community's local or regional
assets and resources and collaborating with multiple stakeholders to address
economic development barriers.

3. The program areas of interest will remain the same for the following ANA
FOAs: Native American Language Preservation and Maintenance
(HHS-2011-ACF-ANA-NL-0139); Native American Language Preservation and
Maintenance--Esther Martinez Initiative (HHS-2011-ACF-ANA-NL-0140);
Environmental Regulatory Enhancement (HHS-2011-ACF-ANA-NR-0142), and Native
Asset Building Initiative (HHS-2013-ACF-ANA-NO-0587).

B. Administrative Policies: ANA proposes revising all funding opportunity
announcements to include three new administrative policies, remove one
administrative policy used in prior years, and will clarify another
administrative policy, as follows:

1. Proposal: All applicants must submit documentation, such as a resolution,
demonstrating that the governing body of the organization approves the
application's submission to ANA for the current grant competition period. In
addition, if the applicant is a tribally-authorized component or division, the
applicant must also include a resolution demonstrating that the governing body
of the tribe approves the application's submission to ANA for the current
competition period. All resolutions must be signed by an official of the
governing body and dated. In lieu of a resolution, meeting minutes from the
governing body and/or a letter from the current tribal leader may be acceptable
forms of documentation if that is more appropriate to that tribal government
structure. The documentation should be included with the application's
submission to ANA. Project funds will not be awarded without ANA's receipt of
signed and dated documentation prior to the start of the project period.

Rationale: The NAPA requires that a governing body "has not disapproved" the
project "within 30 days of its submission" to the governing body (42 U.S.C.
299f(1)). Therefore, ANA's administrative policy is included to ensure that
funded applications are supported by the governing body of the tribe or
organization. In previous FOAs, lack of such resolutions as part of the
application submission has been a disqualification factor that resulted in the
elimination of many applications from the competitive review process. The
requirement for evidence that the governing body has either affirmatively
approved or not disapproved the project remains the same; however, it is no
longer required by the due date of the FOA in which an application was
submitted. In lieu of a resolution, meeting minutes from the governing body
and/or a letter from the current tribal leader may be acceptable forms of
documentation if that is more appropriate to that tribal government structure.
It is important that the tribal leadership is aware of its fiscal responsibility
and potential for financial liabilities in administering the ANA program. The
change of administrative policy is recommended in order to increase the number
of applications that are eligible for the competitive review process. If an
application is ranked within funding range but does not include a governing
body's resolution, ANA staff will require this documentation in advance of
making a grant award.

2. Proposal: Grantees will be required to attend Post Award Training during the
first year of their ANA award, and to attend an annual ANA Grantee Meeting
during each year of their ANA award. Therefore, applicants will be required to
include an appropriate amount for travel costs to attend Post Award Training in
the first year of the proposed project budget, and travel costs to attend the
annual ANA Grantee meeting for each year of the proposed project's budget. Also,
participation and attendance at Post Award Training and the ANA Grantee Meeting
should be included activities within each year of the project's Objective Work
Plan (OWP). See Section IV.2. Content and Form of Application Submission,
Project Budget and Budget Description, for specific travel costs that should be
included to attend Post Award Training, to be held in the grantee's region, and
the ANA Grantee Meeting, which is usually held in Washington, DC.

Rationale: This policy is added to ensure that applicants understand the
mandatory training meeting and budgetary requirements for an ANA grant. By
including this under the administrative policies instead of evaluation criteria,
ANA believes confusion by panel reviewers will be eliminated thus ensuring panel
reviewers do not score an application based on the inclusion or omission of
these trainings in their budget and OWP.

3. Proposal: Under the standard terms and conditions for discretionary HHS
awards (Grants Policy Statement, page II-7 at
https://www.acf.hhs.gov/grants/terms-and-conditions), grant recipients are
required to establish safeguards to prevent employees, consultants, members of
governing bodies, and others who may be involved in grant-supported activities
from using their positions for purposes that are, or give the appearance of
being, motivated by a desire for private financial gain for themselves or
others, such as those with whom they have family, business, or other ties.
Therefore, staff employed through an ANA-funded project cannot also serve as a
member of the governing body for the applicant organization. During the award
negotiation phase, ANA will ask the prospective recipient to modify project
personnel if a proposed staff member is also a member of the applicant
organization's governing body. In addition, there should be a separation of
duties from staff and the governing bodies within an organization to ensure the
integrity of internal controls and to minimize disruptions in the continuity of
operations.

Rationale: This policy has been added to remind applicants of the requirement to
establish safeguards that prohibit employees from using their positions for a
purpose that presents a conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict of
interest. An applicant organization must also have auditable internal controls
in place to ensure the integrity of the management of federal funds. In recent
years, ANA has seen challenges arise with grantees in which individuals are
dually serving as paid staff and also as a member of the recipient
organization's Board of Directors.

Additionally, ANA proposes to eliminate the administrative policy previously
stated in Section I, Funding Opportunity Description, Administrative Policies,
which requires the submission of a business plan. However, submission of a
business plan will remain a requirement for the submission of certain economic
development projects as stated in Section IV.2, The Project Description.

C. Disqualification Factors: ANA proposes revising the disqualification factors
that are specific to applications submitted for ANA funding. ANA will remove a
previously identified disqualification factor, clarify an existing factor, and
add a new disqualification factor. (Legal authority: Section 803(a) and 814 of
NAPA, as amended).
1. Board Resolution Back to Top

All applicants must submit a resolution demonstrating that the applicant's
official governing body approves the application submission to ANA for the
current grant competition period. In addition, if the applicant is a tribally
authorized component or division, the application must also include a resolution
demonstrating that the governing body of the Tribe approves the application
submission to ANA for the current competition period. Applicants that do not
include this documentation will be considered non-responsive, and the
application will not be considered for competition.

ANA proposes removing the disqualification factor associated with the submission
of an approved board resolution. ANA will still require that this documentation
be submitted but it will now be designated as an administrative policy (see
administrative policies above for additional clarification). All applicants must
submit documentation, such as a resolution, demonstrating that the governing
body of the organization approves the application's submission to ANA for the
current grant competition period. In addition, if the applicant is a
tribally-authorized component or division, the applicant must also include a
resolution demonstrating that the governing body of the tribe approves the
application's submission to ANA for the current competition period. All
resolutions must be signed by an official of the governing body and dated.
Project funds will not be awarded without the submission of signed and dated
documentation prior to the start of the project period. Applications received
without the required governing body's resolution will no longer be disqualified
from competitive review.
2. Governing Body Documentation Back to Top

This disqualification factor applies only to applicants that are not Tribes or
Native Alaska villages. Organizations applying for funding must show that a
majority of board members approving the project proposal are representative of
the community to be served. The applicant should submit documentation that
identifies each board member by name and indicate their affiliation or
relationship to at least one of the four categories of representation listed in
the factor. ANA revised the categories of representatives of the community to be
served to include: (1) members of Federally or State recognized Tribes; (2)
persons eligible to be a participant or beneficiary to the project to be funded;
(3) persons who are recognized by the eligible community to be served as having
a cultural relationship with the community to be served; or (4) persons
considered to be Native American as defined in 45 CFR 1336.10 and Native
American Pacific Islanders as defined in the Native American Programs Act.
Applicants that do not include this documentation will be considered
non-responsive, and the application will not be considered for competition.

This disqualification factor will remain in effect but is clarified. ANA
proposes to add clarification to this disqualification factor to indicate that
the documentation that must be submitted identifies each board member by name
and indicates their relationship to at least one of the four categories of
representation listed in the factor. Applications that are submitted without
this documentation will be considered non-responsive to the FOA and will not be
considered for competition. (Legal authority: Section 803(a) and 814 of NAPA, as
amended.)
3. Only One Active Award per CFDA Back to Top

This disqualification factor applies to all types of eligible applicants.
Organizations can have no more than one active award per CFDA number for an ANA
program at any given time. Therefore, organizations that have a current ANA
grant that is eligible for a Non Competing Continuation (NCC) award which: A)
will go beyond the start date of the possible new award, and B) was awarded
under the same CFDA number as this FOA, will not have their applications
considered for the competition. This disqualification factor is based on the
administrative policy that prohibits grantees from having more than one active
grant per CFDA number. This disqualification factor does not apply to
organizations eligible for an NCC award for the continuation of an ANA grant
made under a different CFDA number (funding opportunity announcement).

Under the Administrative Policies, "Grantees can have only one active grant
award per Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) number." ANA is
proposing that this policy should also become a disqualification factor that
will apply to all applicants. The limit of one active award per CFDA number has
been a long-standing ANA policy that was implemented to ensure a wider
distribution of ANA's federal funding. ANA strongly believes in maximizing the
beneficial use of its limited funding for the greatest number of people in the
targeted communities. By including this administrative policy as a
disqualification factor, ANA will screen-out from competition those applications
submitted by an applicant that would be ineligible for funding because the
organization has an ongoing ANA award funded by the same CFDA number that will
continue past the start date of the new award.

Previously, ANA has had to expend its limited resources to review all grant
applications, even if the applicant was likely not to receive an award based on
the administrative policy. If the application was found to be within the funding
range, the application was ultimately not funded. Under the disqualification
factor, applications from existing grantees with an award that has the same CFDA
number will be screened out of competition and the application will not be
reviewed. Therefore, applicants should be cautioned to not apply for a new grant
that has the same CFDA number if they have a concurrent ANA award. For example,
applicants with a current ANA grant that is eligible for a Non-Competing
Continuation (NCC) award that will extend beyond the start date of the new award
offered under the FOA, and was awarded under the same CFDA number as that of the
current FOA, will be disqualified from the competitive review. This
disqualification factor is based on the administrative policy that prohibits
grantees from having more than one active grant per CFDA number. See Section I.
Funding Opportunity Description, Administrative Policies.

D. Definitions: ANA is adding a definition for "impact indicator" in all FY 2013
FOAs. (Legal authority: Section 803(b) and 814 of NAPA, as amended and 42 U.S.C.
§ 2991b-3(b)(7)(C).

1. Impact Indicator: A quantitative measure used to monitor a project's progress
in achieving its intended outcomes and impact. An impact indicator should
identify the extent to which a project's overall desired outcome was achieved
and should describe how the conditions discussed in the Need for Assistance were
changed as a result of the project. For example, a project focused on healthy
relationships would likely use the community's divorce rate as an impact
indicator.

E. Do Not Fund: ANA will add the following five project types that it will not
fund to Section V.2. Review and Selection Process. These projects will not be
disqualified from competitive review but ANA reserves the right not to fund them
regardless of the outcome of panel review.

1. Projects that do not demonstrate that the proposed staff or organization has
the required expertise, or organizational capacity, to fulfill the project
approach or to achieve the stated objectives or outcomes of the application.

ANA applicants should provide evidence that the applicant organization, and any
partnering organizations, have relevant experience and expertise with
administration, development, implementation, and management of programs similar
to that proposed in order to fulfill the project's approach. ANA has received
some applications that scored within the funding range but did not demonstrate
that the organization had sufficient capacity or staffing expertise to implement
the proposed project, nor had the applicant identified partnerships that would
assist them in achieving the project's objectives. Funding these types of
applications would not be the best use of ANA's limited resources or taxpayer
dollars.

2. Projects with the potential to cause unintended harm or that could negatively
impact the safety, or privacy, of individuals.

This "Do Not Fund" is added to ensure that projects funded by ANA will not cause
harm or impact the safety, or privacy, of individuals. ANA has received several
applications proposing activities that could cause harm, including the use of
inaccurate medical information in health counseling, purchasing surveillance
equipment to monitor tribal citizens, or proposing potentially dangerous
activities involving youth. One of ANA's goals is to safeguard the health and
well-being of Native children and families; therefore, ANA reserves the right to
not award federal funds for activities that may adversely impact the safety or
well-being of Native people in their communities.

3. Applications for proposed projects that are not written specifically in
response to an ANA FOA. These applications may have been submitted to another
funding agency and are not tailored to ANA's goals as specified in an ANA FOA.

This "Do Not Fund" will be added to ensure that proposed projects are specific
to ANA's funding goals and that they are strongly supported by the community.
ANA has previously received applications that include letters of support that
were written to other funding agencies and are not specific to the project
proposed for ANA funding. This does not demonstrate a strong commitment towards
fulfilling the purpose of ANA's goals and is not specific to the requirements of
ANA's FOAs.

4. Projects that do not demonstrate a current need or recent community support
for the proposed project.

This "Do Not Fund" area is to ensure that the applicant has worked with its
community within the last three years (or sooner) to identify the need for the
project and to obtain their input or involvement in the planning for the
proposed project. Based on internal reviews of grantees' impact evaluations, ANA
has discerned that strong community support for projects in advance of funding,
and throughout the project's implementation, is integral to the success of an
ANA-funded project. For example, if an applicant proposes to address a need that
was identified as part of a tribe's 10-year strategic plan, which was completed
7 years ago, the applicant should demonstrate that the need still remains and
that more recent interactions and input from the community have been part of the
project's planned approach.

5. Projects that may be used for the purpose of providing loan capital. Federal
funds awarded under this FOA may not be used for the purpose of providing loan
capital. This is not related to loan capital authorized under Sec. 803A of NAPA
[42 U.S.C. 2991b-1(a)(1)] for the purpose of the Hawaiian Revolving Loan fund.

This "Do Not Fund" will be added to clarify ANA's interpretation of the NAPA on
the use of ANA funding for loan capital purposes. ANA will not fund projects
which propose activities that include the use of grant funds as loans.

F. Page Limits: In Section IV.2. Content and Form of Application Submission,
Formatting ACF Applications, ANA will implement a maximum page limit for all
applications for FY 2013.

1. Total application: ANA will implement a total page limit of 150 pages for
applications submitted in response to the FOA for SEDS, Language Preservation,
Language--EMI, and ERE programs, and a 200 page limit for applications submitted
in response to the NABI and SEEDS programs. Additional pages will be allowed for
NABI applications due to a required five-year project period and the submission
of two budgets and two budget justifications. Additional pages will be allowed
for SEEDS applications due to project periods lasting up to five years. The page
limitation excludes a Business Plan (if applicable) or mandatory grant forms
(Standard Forms and ANA's Objective Work Plan form). Applications that exceed
the page limits will have excess pages removed prior to the application's panel
review.

G. Project Description: ANA will make modifications to the project description
narrative.

1. Letters of Support: ANA has added Letters of Support as a requirement.
Applicants should provide statements from community, public, and commercial
leaders that support the project proposed for funding. All submissions must be
included in the application package.

2. Third-party agreements: ANA has added third-party agreements as a
requirement. Third-party agreements include Memoranda of Understanding (MOU) aka
Letters of Commitment. General letters of support are not considered to be
third-party agreements. Third-party agreements must clearly describe the project
activities and support to which the third party is committing. Third-party
agreements must be signed by the person in the third-party organization with the
authority to make such commitments on behalf of their organization. Applicants
should provide written and signed agreements between grantees and subgrantees,
or subcontractors, or other cooperating entities. These agreements must detail
the scope of work to be performed, work schedules, remuneration, and other terms
and conditions that structure or define the relationship.

3. Budget and Budget Justification:

Travel: Text will be added requiring applicants to include costs in their budget
for mandatory post-award travel for training and the ANA Grantee Meeting.
Additional information will be provided within the FOA on estimated costs based
on applicant's regional location.

H. ANA Application Evaluation Criteria: ANA will revise the evaluation criteria
for the SEDS, Language Preservation, Language--EMI, and ERE FOAs to allow
greater flexibility in applicants' proposals. The evaluation criteria will be
revised to include clearer explanations of how ANA will assess the information
provided in the applications. (Legal authority: Section 803(c) of NAPA, as
amended.) The evaluation criteria for NABI will not be changed.

1. Titles and Assigned Weight: In FY 2013, ANA will increase the number of
evaluation criteria from four to five and adjust the weighted scores to focus on
those elements that are important to project success and project monitoring.
Weighted sub-criteria scores are identified for the "Project Approach" criterion
only.

For SEDS, Language Preservation, Language--EMI, and ERE FOAs published in FY
2013, the criteria will be weighted as follows:

Project Integration--10 points;

Objectives and Need for Assistance--10 points;

Project Approach--50 points;

Sub criterion--Project Strategy--30 points

Sub criterion--Objective Work Plan--20 points

Outcomes Expected--20 points

Budget and Budget Justification--10 points

2. ANA Evaluation Criteria: Included here is a summary of the changes made to
the criteria.

(a) Project Integration: ANA will add a new criterion entitled, "Project
Integration," that will score how well the application ties together the
proposed project through the other four criteria. The overall point value for
this section will be 10 points. To score the Project Integration criterion,
reviewers will consider the extent to which all the application criteria
elements are aligned, i.e., how effectively the Objectives and Need for
Assistance, Project Approach, Budget, and Outcomes Expected complement one
another into a cohesive and carefully planned project. For example, if the
application's proposed project description was a jigsaw puzzle, how well do the
puzzle pieces fit together? This criterion does not measure any element of the
application in isolation and does not respond to a specific information request
concerning project integration.

(b) Objectives and Need for Assistance: The overall point value has been
decreased to 10 points due to the addition of the project integration criterion.

(c) Outcomes Expected: The overall point value for this section has been
increased to 20 points to emphasize the importance of applicants connecting
their proposed project's goal, objectives, and activities to the intended
results, benefits, and impacts produced by the project.

(d) Budget and Budget Justification: The overall point value for this section
has decreased to 10 points due to the addition of the project integration
criterion.

The changes to the content of evaluation criteria, and the complementary changes
to the project description section of the FOA, will more effectively guide
applicants and panel reviewers on what ANA believes are critical components of a
project's application. (Legal authority: Section 803(c) of NAPA, as amended.)

I. Objective Review and Results: ANA's FOA currently states "Results of the
competitive objective review are taken into consideration by ACF in the
selection of projects for funding; however, objective review scores and rankings
are not binding. They are one element in the decision-making process." ANA will
clarify the scoring process in this section by stating that ANA will have the
discretion to Use either the actual "raw" score or a normalized score in order
to determine the ranking of applications after the panel review has been
completed. The raw score is the average of the actual scores given by the three
panelists that served as peer reviewers for the application. A normalized score
is a statistical method that accounts for the variability and relative nature of
individual reviewers' scoring tendencies. Normalized scores are used to
counteract any possible predisposition or scoring biases of individual reviewers
and panels in order to make the outcome fairer for all applications. The use of
a normalized score is allowable and authorized by HHS grants administration
policy.

For further information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 8, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CLINTON DECRIES POVERTY ON INDIAN RESERVATION;
UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS 75 PERCENT AMONG SIOUX IN SOUTH DAKOTA AREA

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: PINE RIDGE, S.D.


Geraldine Blue Bird's lip trembled as she spoke to President Bill Clinton on her
weather-worn front porch. Blue Bird told him about the 11 relatives who lived
inside, and the 17 who slept in the trailer out back.

But even as she looked out on her neighborhood strewn with abandoned cars,
better housing was not foremost on her mind. Jobs were - jobs to buy clothes and
food and get off welfare.

The national unemployment rate is less than 5 percent, the lowest in three
decades, but it is about 75 percent on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, the
poorest region of America.

"We have to find a way not only to fix the very difficult housing circumstances,
but to get them jobs," Clinton said after leaving Blue Bird's house.

Clinton's visit to the Oglala Sioux was the first to an Indian reservation by a
president since Franklin D. Roosevelt passed through Cherokee country on
vacation.

Signs of poverty were everywhere. Boys in dusty clothes shot baskets on a
tilting rim as Clinton visited the Igloo neighborhood - a collection of
foam-green shacks with splintering stoops that spoke to the despair of the
people who lived inside.

After Igloo, Clinton toured part of the reservation where new houses were being
built with loans secured by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and
announced several public and private initiatives to begin building basic
infrastructure.

With infrastructure, he said, the reservation could try to build a tourism
industry around visitors to Wounded Knee and Mount Rushmore each year.

According to the Census Bureau and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, 38 percent of
Indian children age 6 to 11 live in poverty, compared with 18 percent for U.S.
children nationwide.

Clinton said the Indians had heard enough "pretty words" in the past and so he
was bringing some concrete assistance.

He announced a partnership among HUD, the Treasury Department, tribal
governments and mortgage companies to help 1,000 Indians become homeowners over
the next three years. That would double the number of government-insured home
mortgages issued on tribal lands.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - President Bill Clinton poses for
pictures with residents of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota on
Wednesday. Clinton's visit was the first to a reservation since Franklin D.
Roosevelt.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hiding behind a tribe Payday lenders are able to get around state regulations by
claiming sovereign immunity.

BYLINE: Alicia Caldwell Denver Post Editorial Writer

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 1030 words


A curious situation came to the attention of regulators some five years ago as
they were looking into complaints about online payday lenders.

The folks who were doing the lending claimed to be arms of Indian tribes based
in other states, and as such, their tribal sovereign immunity gave them
protection against state regulators.

The Colorado Attorney General's office was unconvinced, and the drama has since
played out quietly in the state court system, with a Colorado Supreme Court
decision issued in November that leaves a central question yet to be
definitively answered:

Are these operations legitimate arms of Native American tribes or are they, as
one consumer advocate asserted in court documents, "fringe lenders" who are
using a "rent-a-tribe" scheme to escape regulation?

Lawyers for the tribes - the Miami Nation of Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux
Nation - strenuously object to such characterizations.

They contend the state has engaged in a "protracted, caustic assault" on the
tribes and their business entities. Those entities, they say, have done
everything necessary to prove their affiliation with the tribes, including
providing more than 3,300 pages of documents to the state.

The details will be explored at the trial court level, where the case has been
sent for additional action.

The court's decision is important, says Colorado Attorney General John Suthers,
because a ruling against the state could lead to "lots of businesses using
tribal sovereignty to get them out from under state regulation."

And even worse, all that that wrangling at the Capitol over the last few years
to pass stricter payday lending regulations could be undermined by this case.

"What you have is payday lenders, shall we say, associating with Indian tribes,"
Suthers said. "We suspect the payday lenders are paying tribes to give them
regulatory cover."

In late 2003 through 2005, the state AG's office began getting complaints about
online payday lenders Cash Advance and Preferred Cash Loans, said Deputy
Attorney General Jan Zavislan.

Payday lenders issue typically small, short-term loans that command high
interest rates. Colorado has laws that spell out payday lending interest rates
and other terms, though online lenders often violate those rules, Zavislan said.
"They flout it. They think they're untouchable."

The AG's office issued subpoenas as part of the investigation into online
lenders Cash Advance and Preferred Cash. One of the aims was to get a gauge on
the scope of their operations in Colorado.

During the investigation, the AG's office obtained documents showing two Carson
City, Nev., companies did business as Cash Advance and Preferred Cash.

The AG's office subpoenaed the companies' executive officer, James Fontano, who
responded by saying he and his companies weren't connected with the payday
lenders.

That's when the tribes stepped in. Even though they had not been served with any
legal papers, they intervened to say the payday lenders were immune from
enforcement action because they were arms of businesses enterprises run by the
Miami Nation of Oklahoma and the Santee Sioux Nation.

It is at this point the key issue of tribal sovereign immunity was introduced
into the mix.

Tribal sovereign immunity is a common law doctrine recognizing Indian tribes as
distinct, independent political communities that are immune from lawsuits or
quasi-judicial proceedings without congressional waiver or tribal consent.

Prior U.S. Supreme Court decisions make clear that tribal sovereign immunity
applies to state law enforcement actions, which includes the AG's investigation.

The AG's office waged a pitched battle on a more fundamental question. In one
court document, the AG's office asked whether the lenders were "non-tribal,
non-immune entities using the tribal corporations as 'fronts' to shield their
illegal payday lending behind the wall of tribal immunity."

The pleading elicited a spirited reply from lawyers for the tribes, who called
the statement "speculation and reckless rhetoric."

The legal fight in Colorado hasn't been the only front in the battle state
regulators are waging against high-interest payday lenders who say they are
tribal enterprises.

Such skirmishes have been fought in California, New Mexico and West Virginia as
well. Some state authorities are concerned the tribal enterprises arrangement
could spread to other Internet-

based businesses.

"It's certainly possible that other industries could use tribal sovereign
immunity to get around the laws of the states," said Norman Googel, a West
Virginia assistant attorney general who led the state's pursuit of tribal
-affiliated payday lenders.

Others steeped in Indian law and the doctrine of tribal sovereign immunity see
the issue differently.

Troy Eid, former U.S. attorney for Colorado who now specializes in Indian law in
private practice, said state attorneys general have to defer to federal law that
defines the relationship between government and the tribes.

Only on rare occasions has Congress authorized states "intruding," as he put it,
into tribal sovereign immunity. Those include a 1953 law concerning criminal and
civil jurisdiction in selected states and mineral leasing tax collections as
defined in a 1982 law.

"It is always possible for Congress to pass a law regulating payday lending on
tribal land," Eid said. "It is emphatically not a role for John Suthers or state
attorneys general."

If it is to be resolved, Congress very well may be where this matter ends up.

The Colorado Supreme Court ruling is not particularly favorable to the state,
since Colorado was given the burden of proving a negative - that the tribal
business entities are not entitled to sovereign immunity.

The decision has left state officials concerned about their enforcement
abilities going forward.

"That court opinion may prevent us from conducting investigations into similar
arrangements and entities," said Zavislan, the Colorado deputy attorney general.

At the end of the day, federal regulation may be the only route to reining in
rogue payday lenders associated with Indian tribes.

Said Colorado AG Suthers: ``This has been a long, hard battle and we're not
making the kind of progress we'd like.''

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Heavener Ledger (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2014

Tribe Hosting Vet Summit

BYLINE: Heavener Ledger staff

LENGTH: 314  words


DURANT, Okla. - The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is hosting the Southern
Plains Region Veterans Training Summit at the Choctaw Nation Hotel and Casino
resort this Wednesday and Thursday, Aug. 27-28.

All veterans, anyone who has ever served in the military in any capacity, are
welcomed and encouraged to attend.

This event will teach attendees about available grants, give updates on services
and benefits, offer employment training and bring veterans in contact with
agencies aimed at offering services.

The summit will have a distinctively Choctaw flavor, but is open to all U.S.
veterans regardless of race, age, economic status and service branch. The summit
is free, no pre-registra-tion is necessary and it is open to residents of
Oklahoma, Texas and all other states.

Cooperating agencies which will be on hand to provide information to veterans
include: Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Social Security Administration,
Small Business Administration (SB A) and tribal programs for Native American
veterans.

The summit will open at 8 a.m. Wednesday in the Choctaw Ballroom of the South
Casino with opening ceremonies hosted by the Choctaw Nation. Opening remarks are
scheduled by Gen. Rita Aragon (Ret.), State Rep. Seneca Scott and Jacque
Hensley, tribal liaison to Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin.

Wednesday sessions will be held on VA medical collaboration with the Indian
Health Service, Veteran's employment, Veterans Upward Bound program, the VA Home
Loan Program and benefits.

Thursday sessions, beginning at 8 a.m., will focus on the veterans homeless
program, family support services, Veterans Justice Outreach, SSA, SBA and health
issues. Mary Culley, regional specialist for the VA Office of Tribal Government
Relations, will offer closing remarks at 1 p.m.

For more information about the Southern Plains Region Veterans Training Summit,
call Mrs. Culley at (405)626-3426.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HVL

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 Heavener Ledger


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

An Indian Banker's Lifelong Crusade;
Her Persistence Exposes U.S. Mishandling of Tribal Assets

                           November 23, 1998, Monday

By ALAN KLINE

DATELINE: BROWNING, Mont.


Elouise Cobell first suspected the government of mishandling Native American
trust fund money while working a summer job at the Bureau of Indian Affairs more
than 30 years ago.

The bureau was created in the 1820s to manage real estate owned by Native
Americans-leasing the land to farmers, ranchers, oil and gas companies, and
holding the proceeds in trust for American Indians. Yet throughout that summer,
Ms. Cobell recalls, many Blackfeet tribe members left the bureau's office here
empty-handed.

"I couldn't believe the way these people were treated," said Ms. Cobell, a
member of the Blackfeet tribe and founder of Blackfeet National Bank. "This was
their money, but they weren't being paid. That's when it really started to hit
home for me that I had to do something."

During the 1970s and 1980s, first as treasurer of the tribe and later as the
bank's chairwoman, Ms. Cobell tried to prove that the trust fund was being
mismanaged. Her efforts led to a congressional audit of tribal accounts and the
creation of a special trusteeship.

Finally, in 1995, Ms. Cobell and representatives of five tribes sued the
Interior Department, which oversees the Bureau of Indian Affairs, alleging that
it had lost billions of dollars owed to the nation's roughly 270 tribes.

The suit was later expanded to include 500,000 American Indians. And while the
suit asks for no specific damages, it is being billed as the largest ever
against the federal government.

"We can't even name an amount because there's no accounting and very little
documentation," Ms. Cobell said. "But we know it's in the billions."

The Interior Department conceded that it has lost tens of thousands of records;
it has has pledged $160 million to clean up the system by 2000. But its
defense-that typical trust law does not apply in this case-was dealt a major
blow this month when a federal judge ruled that the government must prove its
accounts are accurate.

"Trust law places the burden of proof squarely on the trustee," said Keith
Harper, an attorney for the Native American Rights Fund of Boulder, Colo., which
is representing the plaintiffs.

The trial is to begin March 15. Until then, when not running the bank, Ms.
Cobell will spend much of her time trying to raise money to cover roughly $2
million in annual legal costs.

"She deserves a lot of credit for raising money and awareness," said John
Echohawk, executive director of the Native American Rights Fund. "This is a very
expensive case and one that is not easily understood by the public or the
foundation people."

Ms. Cobell, 53, never planned to be a banker. She was content running her
1,000-acre ranch with her husband and working as treasurer of the 15,000-member
Blackfeet tribe.

But in 1983 the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. closed the troubled First
National Bank in Browning, leaving the Blackfeet reservation without a bank.

"Everybody that was doing business on the reservation had to make arrangements
to do their banking elsewhere," Ms. Cobell said. The tribe itself was forced to
bank in Great Falls, 130 miles away.

Ms. Cobell led the drive to bring a bank to Browning. She asked the state
Legislature to change laws that, at the time, banned branch banking. She tried
persuading other banks to charter a new bank in Browning but found them
reluctant to deal with sovereignty issues or Indians' reputation as bad credit
risks.

Finally, she concluded that the tribe had only had one choice: to open its own
bank. It wasn't easy. No national bank had ever been opened on a reservation, so
obtaining a charter was time-consuming and complicated. And an effort to raise
capital from members of the tribe proved disastrous.

"Most of our community members don't even invest in CDs, so we should have known
that they wouldn't be interested in a long-term investment like bank stocks,"
Ms. Cobell said.

Blackfeet National Bank finally opened in 1987 with $1 million of the tribe's
capital. Today it has $17 million of assets.

The bank may be best known for its failed attempt to boost deposits by selling a
so-called Retirement CD. The product, introduced in 1994, was essentially a
tax-deferred annuity backed by deposit insurance. It was met with such
opposition from the insurance industry that it was eventually shelved.

Ms. Cobell acknowledges she "knew nothing about banking" when she founded
Blackfeet, but she said it does turn a small profit.

Most significantly, she said, the bank has developed expertise in lending to
Native Americans and plans to create a holding company so it may open branches
on other Montana reservations.

Ms. Cobell, who last year was awarded a $310,000 "genius grant" from a leading
foundation for her work to improve the lives of Native Americans, also has big
plans for the rest of Indian country. Specifically, she wants to see a
nationwide development bank to make larger loans to American Indians.

As she sees it, Native Americans have always had collateral-land-but because of
government mismanagement, they "were never allowed to access their own
resources." So far 12 tribes have committed themselves to funding the
development bank.

"I think this is the most untapped market in the whole country," she said.

Paul Homan, the Interior Department's special trustee for American Indians, said
the future appears brighter for them thanks in part to Ms. Cobell and her
determination to clean up the trust fund.

"She is one of the outstanding leaders, not just in Indian country but in
America," Mr. Homan said.

Ms. Cobell's crusade for the trust fund money may be reaching its conclusion.

Congress ordered an audit of both tribal and individual accounts in 1989. Three
years later Arthur Andersen & Co. uncovered a $2.4 billion shortfall in tribal
money but said it would take years and another $250 million of taxpayer money to
make sense of individual accounts.

Congress then passed a law creating a special trusteeship to oversee Indian
accounts and develop a strategic plan for trust fund management. On the
recommendation of Ms. Cobell and other tribal leaders, President Clinton in 1995
appointed Mr. Homan, a former senior deputy comptroller for bank supervision.

Mr. Homan said that as an employee of the Interior Department he could not
discuss the lawsuit. But in his most recent strategic plan-approved by Congress
in July-he proposed moving Native American funds out of the Bureau of Indian
Affairs and into the hands of a new government-sponsored enterprise.

"There's very little proof of embezzlement and crookedness," he said, "but the
fact that many files cannot be found shows gross mismanagement."

Ms. Cobell said she is pleased at the strides Mr. Homan has made. She also said
she is confident that the Native Americans will prevail in court. Still, she
said, a victory would not make up for what has been nearly two centuries of
payments denied.

"We will never be paid back all of our money," she said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1173 words

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cobell, photo

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 25, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Pequots wield the power of casino wealth

BYLINE: John Larrabee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1077 words

DATELINE: MASHANTUCKET PEQUOT RESERVATION, Conn.


Every hour the 12-foot urethane Indian warrior at the Foxwoods Casino comes to
life.

His bow shoots a laser arrow. Thunder crackles. Mist fills the air. And a
booming voice tells the gawking crowd about the Ancient Ones: "They - not man -
control destiny."

Perhaps. But to see the 20,000 gamblers who each day flock here to play poker,
blackjack, craps, baccarat and slots, it's clear the Mashantucket Pequots
control their own.

It has been three years since the tribe opened its casino on their tiny
reservation 10 miles west of the Rhode Island border. And, in that short time,
the 320-member tribe has been transformed into a political and economic force in
Connecticut, a strong voice for Native Americans and a fledgling player in
Washington politics:

-- The tribe employs more than 10,000 workers and pumps more than $ 100 million
a year into state coffers.

-- Through its chairman, Richard "Skip" Hayward, the Pequots have poured more
than $ 1 million into lobbying and campaign contributions.

-- Last month, the Pequots pledged $ 10 million to the Smithsonian Institution
for a planned Museum of the American Indian - the Smithsonian's largest donation
ever.

"They're a growing presence," says Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn. "I used to
stop to buy honey from Skip when that's all they had going for them. This is
new-found wealth, and they're trying to do something positive with it."

"It used to be we'd have to practically camp out on some government official's
doorstep to get anyone to notice us," says tribal member Bruce Kirchner, a
casino official. "Now we're the ones who get bombarded with requests."

It's all a startling turnaround for a people once described in history books as
extinct.

Once 10,000 strong, the tribe was almost wiped out by wars with English
colonists and diseases brought by Europeans. The federal government never even
acknowledged the tribe until 1983, when the Pequots sued to recover lost land.

When 1988's Indian Gaming Act allowed tribes to run casinos, the Pequots acted
fast. Using a $ 60 million loan from Malaysian investors, they turned rural
Ledyard into the USA's third largest gaming mecca.

Now, tribal leaders are using their new-found clout.

The Pequots are the first Native American people with enough cash to match the
political contributions of big business. This year, the tribal council gave the
Democratic National Committee $ 500,000. When Republicans grumbled, the Pequots
gave them $ 50,000.

This year, the tribe was the top donor to the Native American Rights Fund and
the National Indian Gaming Association, both lobbyist groups.

Even philanthropic gestures carry a whiff of politics. The Smithsonian gift was
made at the suggestion of museum trustee Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, head of
the Senate Indian Affairs Committee.

Such largesse worries some.

"The Mashantucket Pequots are gaining so much political muscle that they're
going to be very difficult to control in a few years," says Rep. Robert
Torricelli, D-N.J., whose state is home to Atlantic City.

Still, the Pequots' generosity has helped blunt criticism.

The tribe has funded everything from an alcohol-free graduation bash for Ledyard
teens to nearby New London's July 4 fireworks extravaganza. A $ 1 million grant
helped launch a tourism board for the Mystic area. And the tribe is pushing hard
to bring pro football to Connecticut.

But the Pequots' plan to build a campground, golf course and theme park
featuring a replica of the Great Wall of China have angered neighbors in
Ledyard, North Stonington and Preston.

Many fear for the region's rural character.

On a good weekend, Foxwoods draws 80,000, more than triple the population.

So, for more than a year, locals have fought efforts to add 1,700 acres to the
reservation - free from local zoning.

The Pequots offered the towns $ 5 million each to drop their opposition. The
response: lawn signs declaring "No annexation - not one inch."

"A lot of our opponents are bigots," says Pequot spokesman Joey Carter. "They're
envious of brown-skinned people who've been successful. They really should be
happy - we've helped this area survive a recession."

Local residents concede they'll likely be outgunned.

"Talk about horsepower," fumes Preston Selectman Parke Spicer. "When we tried
mediation . . . the Pequots always had at least two lawyers, usually more -
specialists in Indian law. People are asking, 'When will it end and how much
will it cost?' "

Other tribes applaud the Pequots. Four tribes near Kansas City have hired the
Pequots to help plan a casino there. And three other New England tribes - the
Wampanoags in Massachusetts, Narragansetts in Rhode Island and Mohegans of
Connecticut - plan their own gambling resorts nearby.

"They're economic leaders in Indian country," says Ray Halbritter, a development
director for the Oneida Nation of New York. "Other tribes are ready to follow
their lead."

Pequot tribal revival

The Connecticut Mashantucket Pequot official tribal membership had dwindled to
55 when a tribal constitution was drafted in 1974. But now the tribe's Foxwoods
Resort Casino, with gambling space larger than any facility in Las Vegas, has an
annual gross income of up $ 1 billion, and tribal membership has grown. The
tribe and its casino:

Tribe size
Before English colonists           10,000
Tribal constitution drafted(1)         55
Tribal membership now                 320

Number who could claim membership 17,000 1 - 1974

Requirement for tribal membership At least one great-grandparent listed on
tribal rolls of 1900 and 1910.

Mashantucket reservation land (acres)
In 1666    2,500
In 1856      214
Today      1,200(2)

2 - Also owns 1,800 acres non-reservation land

Foxwoods Resort Casino Connecticut receives one-fourth of the slot machine take
in exchange for exclusive rights to operate slots in the state. The estimated
payout in the 1994 fiscal year, ending July 1, from the slots:

(in millions)
Pequots        $ 468
Connecticut    $ 117
Total          $ 585

Foxwoods by the numbers Peak one-day attendance(3) 46,000
Casino employees             9,400
Other reservation employees    900

3 - Nov. 26, 1993

Gambling space in square feet
Foxwoods Resorts Casino   190,000
Las Vegas MGM Grand(4)    175,000

4 - Largest in Las Vegas

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY, Source: Mashantucket Pequot Tribe; USA TODAY
research by John Larrabee (Map, Bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, Steve Miller, AP; PHOTO,
b/w, Stan Godlewski

A GAMING MECCA; See info box at end of text; See sidebar; 06A

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Calif. Casino Tribe Seeks to Buy Ailing Bank

                           August 17, 1995, Thursday

By TERRENCE O'HARA


A group of Kumeyaay Indians wants to use its gaming-business profits to buy a
troubled San Diego-area bank, but California officials could deal them out.

The move by the Native American group to buy Borrego Springs Bank, besides
creating the first Native American-owned bank in California, will mark one of
the closest relationships between legalized gambling and banking on record,
according to several California officials.

But California law enforcement officials claim that a large portion of the
gaming conducted by the group - that of slot machines - is illegal. Still,
tribal officials are confident that their plan to purchase the bank will go
through, and see no legal reason why they should not be allowed to buy a
state-chartered bank.

"We've already notified the state superintendent of banking that we have some
serious concerns about them buying the bank," said Steve Telliano, press
secretary to California Attorney General Dan Lungren. The attorney general is
currently in litigation with the tribe until a court determines who can regulate
its huge desert gaming operation and how.

"I don't know why our money would be treated any different from anybody else's,"
said John Winkelman, economic development adviser to the Native American group.
"We're doing this entirely openly. It's not an issue as far as we're concerned."

At stake is the future of Borrego Springs Bank, a $30 million-asset bank outside
San Diego that has been under California orders to raise its capital after
losing much of it to ill-fated commercial real estate loan participations in the
early 1990s.

The Kumeyaay group - known as the Viejas Band - consists of 280 Native Americans
who are descendants of the people first met by Spanish missionaries in Southern
California more than 300 years ago.

Last week, the Viejas Band agreed to inject $2.4 million into Borrego Springs
Bank, which would give it 60% ownership. The Viejas Band would appoint six of
Borrego Springs' 11 board members. Existing shareholders would control the
remaining 40%.

This is the tribe's first venture outside gaming. Only a handful of banks in the
United States are owned by Native American groups.

Under a federal exemption, Native American tribes do not fall under the Bank
Holding Company Act, so they do not have to apply with the Federal Reserve for a
change in control. The regulatory approval is the purview of California Bank
Superintendent Conrad Hewitt and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Officials in Mr. Hewitt's office declined to comment, saying they had not yet
received the change-in-ownership application.


Viejas Band officials say the investment is a key ingredient in the economic
development of its reservation, located 60 miles away, and as a way to diversify
the tribe's financial interests away from gaming. The bank plans to open a
branch near, but not in, the reservation.

"Economic diversity and investing in community business partnerships are the
financial policy and priority of the Viejas Tribal Council," said Anthony R.
Pico, chairman of the Viejas Band. "We felt the bank offered us an opportunity
to invest on a broad scale in what we consider one of the fastest-growing areas
in Southern California, the desert and San Diego's East County."

Frank Riolo, chief executive of Borrego Springs, said the tribe plans to keep
management in place and maintain its community orientation.

"It will be a little different from a traditional minority-owned bank," he said.
"This will be a true community bank. That's what the Indians want."

There's little doubt that the Viejas Band would be a savior for Borrego Springs.
Though stabilized after years of losses, the bank is under orders from Mr.
Hewitt's office to raise its equity to a minimum of $2.7 million. Currently,
it's $1.5 million, Mr. Riolo said.

The $2.4 million the Viejas Band is injecting comes from one of the most
profitable casino operations in California, all of which are owned by and
operated on federally protected Native American reservations. The Viejas Band
employs 1,200 people and grosses more than $80 million a year, Mr. Winkelman
said.

Much of the revenue, however, comes from slot machines, which are illegal even
to own in California under state law. Attorney General Lungren has argued that
this aspect of their gaming business is illegal. The Viejas Band has gotten a
restraining order on the attorney general prohibiting enforcement of the law on
the reservation.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 746 words

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Riolo, photo, chart

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

Shinnecock casino will have to fight for funding in New York

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 746  words


As the Shinnecocks take early steps to roll the dice on a casino, the tribe and
its partners are expected to face additional hurdles due to a recession and
regulations making it difficult to obtain loans for projects once viewed as sure
bets.

After a more than 30-year battle, the public comment period on whether the
roughly 1,300-member tribe will be recognized by the federal government ends on
Monday.

A group reportedly filed a protest on behalf of Connecticut casinos, challenging
and potentialy delaying or derailing the recognition.

But even if the Shinnecock win recognition next week, opening the door to the
right to a casino on and off tribal land, the tribe could face significant
financial obstacles.

Despite that right, the Shinnecock and their partners, Detroit-based Gateway
Casino Resorts, still have to resolve many issues to make a casino a reality.
And once the tribe obtains federal recognition, financing could prove to be the
biggest challenge.

Nationwide, casino revenue dropped 5.5 percent to $30.74 billion in 2009, the
second consecutive drop as gamblers reacted to the recession.

Some Native American casinos ran into financial problems, making it tougher for
all tribes to raise funds for new projects.

Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Conn., for instance, is in danger of
defaulting on loan covenants. Other Native American and conventional commercial
casinos nationwide are facing problems.

"It's affected the entire gaming industry. For years these projects were
financing as fast as you could get a hold of them. They were golden," said
Gateway spokesman Tom Shields, based in Lansing, Mich. "Reality has set in for
the gaming industry along with everyone else during the recession. "

Federal regulations make it tougher to get bank loans for Native American
casinos, especially now that some casinos are falling behind on debt service,
effectively preventing banks from foreclosing on them. Since only the tribes
have the right to own the casino, banks can't seize and market casinos that
default on payments.

"Years ago, bank loans were there," said Jim Dacey, vice president of
development for Las Vegas-based Full House Resorts, which opened the FireKeepers
Casino in Battle Creek, Mich., in 2009, without bank loans. "I've not seen any
bank lending in the last few years. "

Developers need to find ways to access capital to open casinos, which could
easily cost $200 million or more. The Shinnecocks have no experience in doing
that, leading to reliance on partners who, in turn, must find lenders and
investors.

"What does a poor Indian tribe have to do with financing anything?" said Beverly
Jensen, a Shinnecock spokeswoman.

The Shinnecocks initially sought to set up a racino, a smaller facility with
slot machines, at the Aqueduct race track in Queens. Now the tribe is looking at
a full-fledged casino, making financing a bigger issue.

"It would be funded the same way as any other business development," Shields
said. "They'd go to the market and fund it. "

Full House raised more than $200 million in 2008 for a 250,000-square-foot
casino with 2,500 gaming devices, 100 tables, a parking garage and five
restaurants in Battle Creek. But fundraising wasn't easy even then.

"We went on the road, made 27, 28 presentations to groups of prospective
investors," Dacey said. "The markets are tougher. It's more difficult. "

Before Gateway and the Shinnecock can fundraise, Dacey said they must not only
obtain federal recognition, but select a site and create a concrete project.

"They have to have a development plan," Dacey said. "You have to know what the
facility will look like, its market potential and have a strong grasp of cost in
terms of development and construction. You have to have a reasonably good handle
on how it will be operated and have a management team. "

The down economy could affect not only ease in financing, but the project's
size, Shields said.

"Any development process has to be taken a look at with an eye toward what's
affordable and what's not, and what kind of return you'll get," Shields said.
"Everybody has to be cautious. Whatever they finance, build and operate is
something the finances can support. "

The right project at the right location, however, can win over investors and
turn big profits. Long Island, with its proximity to New York City, could be a
gold mine.

"If you've got a good project with a well-thought-out, disciplined plan in a
stable market with professional management, it's possible," Dacey said.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

The Journal Record Legal Briefs: September 7, 2011

BYLINE: The Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 558  words


ACLU of Oklahoma selects executive director The American Civil Liberties Union
of Oklahoma has selected Ryan Kiesel as executive director. Kiesel, an attorney,
served three terms in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2004-2010.
Settlement meetings set in Tahlequah A series of meetings have been scheduled
for Native American farmers in northeastern Oklahoma to meet with
representatives from the Keepseagle v. USDA settlement case. The Cherokee Nation
is the host for the meetings.

The class-action lawsuit representatives will be available from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Tuesday through Sept. 15 in the Tsalagi Community room at the Cherokee Nation's
tribal complex in Tahlequah. The Keepseagle v. USDA settlement representatives
will be providing Native American farmers with information to file
discrimination claims against the U.S. Department of Agriculture for denying
them equal access to credit in the USDA Farm Loan Program. A $760 million
settlement with the USDA was reached in the Keepseagle v. Vilsack class-action
lawsuit. The lawsuit claimed that the USDA denied thousands of Native American
farmers and ranchers the same opportunities as white farmers who attempted to
get a farm loan. The lawsuit includes all Native American farmers and ranchers
who attempted to farm between Jan. 1, 1981, and Nov. 24, 1999 while trying to
secure a loan from the USDA. Native American farmers who qualify as a class
member may be eligible for a payment of up to $50,000. For information on the
lawsuit, visit www.indianfarmclass.com. Smith sentenced for mortgage fraud
scheme Derrick Reuben Smith, 47, of Midwest City, has been sentenced to serve 40
months in prison for mortgage loan wire fraud. Smith was sentenced by U.S.
District Judge Timothy D. Degust in Oklahoma City. Degust ordered that Smith
serve two years of supervised release after his imprisonment and pay restitution
of $369,355.54. Smith was convicted after a jury trial in April. The evidence
showed that he recruited two individuals to buy two new homes in the Raintree
Acres Addition in Edmond in mid-2006 and early 2007. The homes sold for $425,000
and $435,000. Smith's two co-defendants entered guilty pleas before trial. On
March 30, Michael Gipson pleaded guilty to conspiracy and money laundering
related to the Raintree Acres properties. On April 6, Trina Tahir pleaded guilty
to money laundering in connection with a property that Gipson purchased in May
2006. Tahir and Gipson will be sentenced in the coming weeks. Each faces a
maximum punishment of 20 years in prison and a fine of $500,000, in addition to
restitution and forfeiture. Doerner Saunders joins Meritas Doerner, Saunders,
Daniel & Anderson, a Tulsa-based law firm, has joined Meritas, an alliance of
business law firms. The affiliation provides Doerner Saunders and its clients
access to more than 7,000 lawyers in the United States and more than 70 other
countries around the world. "With companies increasingly doing business
overseas, seamless legal representation on a global scale is vital," said
William F. Riggs, managing partner at Doerner Saunders. "Meritas membership will
allow us to offer our clients in-depth knowledge of cultural and jurisdictional
issues in major markets around the world. " Founded in 1896, Doerner, Saunders,
Daniel & Anderson has more than 40 attorneys in three offices.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Heitkamp Emphasizes the Need for Tribal Housing Solutions During HUD Secretary's
Visit to Turtle Mountain, Secures $6 Million in Federal Funding for Mold
Remediation

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

After inviting Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Julián Castro to
visit North Dakota in June, U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a member of both the
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs and the Committee on Banking which oversees
HUD, today brought Castro to Belcourt to view firsthand the housing challenges
on the Turtle Mountain reservation.

Heitkamp and Castro met with tribal leaders who spoke about rampant issues with
overcrowded, dilapidated and non-permanent homes that are unable to withstand
North Dakota's severe weather conditions. They also met with local advocates and
leaders from the North Dakota Coalition for Homeless People, the Bank of North
Dakota, the Housing Assistance Council, the Citizens Community Credit Union, the
North Dakota Indian Affairs Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the North Dakota Rural
Water Association who discussed proactive solutions HUD can work toward,
including promoting HUD's Section 184 Program, which incentivizes small
financial institutions to help Native Americans finance mortgages.

In 2013, the Census Bureau reported nearly 46 percent of Native households are
overcrowded at a rate almost three times that of the rest of the country.

At the meeting, Castro and Heitkamp announced that HUD has approved $6 million
in funding for Indian Community Development Block Grant (ICDBG) program, a
community building initiative that will assist with mold remediation on tribal
lands. Tribes must apply to HUD to be eligible for funding. Heitkamp has long
sought increased attention to the severity of black mold issues on tribal lands,
and stressed the hazardous health issues it causes.

"If we are going to invest in the future vitality of our tribal nations, we must
make housing a top priority," said Heitkamp. "You cannot look at the statistics
in Indian Country and not get an acute sense of the desperate need for housing.
In 2012, HUD reported that a quarter of American Indian housing units have
'severe housing needs.' This is unacceptable. Right now North Dakotan kids are
missing sleep because three generations are overcrowded into one home, or they
are falling sick from moldy or dilapidated homes which can't withstand the
biting winter in our state. That's why I've been working since my time as North
Dakota's Attorney General when I served on the Board of Directors of the state's
Housing Finance Agency to promote better solutions on tribal lands, and it's why
I've fought in the Senate for legislation that promotes safe and affordable
housing in Indian Country. Today, I brought Secretary Castro to see the housing
struggles of tribal members on the ground. He saw firsthand why the role HUD
plays in terms of engagement with our tribes is so critical. We must develop
practical solutions that work for the range of housing needs in Indian Country -
low income and elders housing to programs for first-time homebuyers. Together,
we can increase outreach and advocate for policies that reflect the true need in
Indian Country - together, we can build a better future."

"If you truly want to understand housing needs in Indian Country, you have to
see for yourself the dire conditions in which tribal members currently live,"
said Tribal Chairman Richard W. McCloud. "That's why I, on behalf of the Turtle
Mountain Band of Chippewa, thank Senator Heitkamp for bringing Secretary Castro
here today, so that he can see in person how inadequate housing impacts every
facet of our way of life. Today's visit is a step forward on a path toward a
brighter future, so that we can walk together with our federal partners for our
tribal generations yet to come."

Castro and Heitkamp will also tour the Williston area today to examine the
housing demand crisis that is expected to increase by 30 percent statewide over
15 years.

Heitkamp has long been working to address North Dakota's housing crisis in
Indian Country and make more affordable housing available to families. As North
Dakota's Attorney General, she served on the board of directors of the state's
Housing Finance Agency and worked to promote better housing solutions on tribal
lands.

As a member of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, Heitkamp has advocated
for increased infrastructure and financial solutions to barriers in Indian
housing development. In July 2013, she introduced legislation with a bipartisan
coalition of Senators to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA), which supports efforts to provide safe and
affordable housing to American Indians.

Last month, Heitkamp unveiled her Strong & Safe Communities Initiative, which is
focused on tackling new challenges to North Dakota communities in the wake of
the oil and gas boom. Specifically, Heitkamp is leading a Strong & Safe
Communities Task Force comprised of leaders and experts from across the state in
key issue areas, which include challenges to Indian Country like housing, as
well as broader infrastructure stress, increases in drug-related crime, human
trafficking and domestic violence, among other issues. The group will work
together to offer recommendations for a five-year plan to help make sure North
Dakota's communities remain strong and safe for decades to come by addressing
these issues head on.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Native care gets boost from federal funds under Medicaid reform legislation

BYLINE: DJ Summers, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1129 words


May 04--Improving Alaska Native access to healthcare is a key result of the
Medicaid reform bill now awaiting the governor's signature.

About 150,000 Alaskans covered under the Alaska Tribal Health Compact will move
one step closer to expanded specialized care coverage once Gov. Bill Walker
signs Senate Bill 74 into law, as care centers expand in rural areas.

The omnibus healthcare and Medicaid reform bill has been one of the few items to
survive a contentious and grueling 2016 legislative session, passing both
chambers and only awaiting Walker's signature to put its dozens of changes into
law.

Among the bill's changes, the most potential cost savings come from shifting
more Alaska Native healthcare expenses to federal dollars. This includes a
change that allows full federal reimbursement for Native travel and for Native
care in non-Tribal facilities.

The policy change in SB 74 would take advantage of the new 100 percent Medicaid
reimbursement to Native patients referred to non-Tribal providers.

The Department of Health and Social Services estimates the changes to the
Medicaid system in SB 74 would save the state more than $31 million right away
in fiscal year 2017 starting July 1.

Those savings are expected to increase to nearly $114 million per year by 2022
as the programmatic reforms are fully implemented.

Like many of the Legislature's cost-shaving plans, some of SB 74's changes try
to fund more services with federal dollars to reduce state spending.

By far the most of the forecasted savings to be wrung from SB 74 -- $29 million
in 2017 growing to $97 million in 2022 -- would come from getting more Medicaid
services for Alaska Natives fully covered by the federal government.

Under federal law, Medicaid provides for 100 percent reimbursement for all
Indian Health Services beneficiaries under certain circumstances, but the
criteria are often difficult to fulfill for 100 percent coverage.

"It tends to be a rather narrow definition," said Jon Sherwood, deputy
commissioner of the Alaska Department of Health and Social Services.

Under the current system, care provided for IHS beneficiaries in non-Tribal or
non-IHS facilities is only eligible for 50 percent reimbursement by Medicaid.

In order to get 100 percent reimbursement, three conditions must be met. The
recipient must be an Alaska Native or American Indian, must be treated at an
Indian Health Services or tribal facility, and must be Medicaid eligible.

This narrow criteria leaves some kinds of care more difficult for rural and
Tribal healthcare recipients to access.

Indian Health Service, or IHS, is an agency within the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services. It provides healthcare for every federally recognized Tribe
in the nation.

The Alaska Area Indian Health Services provides healthcare services for just
less than 150,000 Alaska Natives and American Indians, according to the Center
for Medicaid Studies. There are 228 federally recognized Tribes in the state,
each of them incorporated into the Alaska Tribal Health Compact.

There are IHS-funded, Tribally managed hospitals in Anchorage, Barrow, Bethel,
Dillingham, Kotzebue, Nome, and Sitka. Statewide, there are 58 Tribal health
centers, 160 tribal community health aide clinics and five residential substance
abuse treatment centers.

Alaska Native Medical Center in Anchorage is the only statewide IHS facility,
and the facility that serves as the focal point for specialty care. Not all, or
even most, of these facilities have specialty care or often MRI capability.

An IHS recipient may have hard luck finding a gastroenterologist within the IHS
network, and need to be referred outside the Tribal system to find the necessary
care.

This puts financial strain on IHS beneficiaries who need specialized care.

On the surface, the change seems like a win-win for providers and recipients.
For healthcare recipients, this means increased access to specialist services
unavailable in tribal facilities. For providers, it means full reimbursement for
care.

To implement the changes, DHSS will have to work with Tribal and non-Tribal
healthcare providers to compile lists of recipients to share among them.

"From our perspective," said Sherwood, "we're going to have to work with Tribal
and non-Tribal providers to make sure the sharing is in place. We're going to
have to develop an adequate tracking system to ensure we have the ability to
identity claims that would be eligible."

The policy change allows rather than commands involvement. Neither the state nor
the federal government can force private healthcare providers join the program,
so the new system will require a new network of participating providers.

"This is voluntary," Sherwood said. "The state can't impose this onto either
provider or individual recipients. This has to be a cooperative effort."

Providence Medical Center, the state's largest non-Tribal healthcare facility,
said it plans to participate in the change, though representatives say it's too
early to discuss any particulars.

IHS changes come during a wave of land and construction agreements for Alaska
Native medical centers across the state.

The Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corp., or YKHC, signed a joint venture agreement with
IHS on March 29.

The agreement secured increased funding for additional provider and a new
primary care clinic, the 188,000 square foot Dr. Paul John Calricaaraq Project,
as well as a remodel of Bethel's existing 105,000 square foot hospital.

Expanding populations in areas like Bethel make the existing healthcare
structures somewhat outdated.

The YKHC hospital in Bethel received about 88,000 patient visits in the early
1990s. The number has nearly doubled to 150,000 by 2015.

This follows an October 2015 grant for the same project. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency made a funding commitment for $165
million in low interest loans to YKHC for the Dr. Paul John Calricaaraq Project
in October 2015, the most the agency has ever given to an organization
nationwide.

At the federal level, Alaska's congressional delegation is securing Alaska lands
for Native health purposes.

On April 27, U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs passed legislation
introduced by Alaska U.S. Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan directing the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to give property to both the Tanana
Tribal Council and Bristol Bay Area Health Corp.

The land transfers allow the Tanana Tribal Council to develop a Community
Wellness Center and the Bristol Bay Area Health Corp. to expand a dental clinic.

DJ Summers can be reached at daniel.summers@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2016 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160504-JA-Native-care-gets-boost-from-federal-funds-under-Medicaid-reform-legi
slation-0504-20160504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2016 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bridging the Gap Between Banks and Indian Tribes

                              May 13, 1996, Monday

Jonathan Epstein


With casino gambling spreading profitably among Indian tribes across the
country, community banks in rural areas still have a And both tribal officials
and bankers who have done it say the secrets are education and communication.

"At many Indian reservations, you're talking about people who have lived on the
margins of society, economically speaking and otherwise," said Bruce MacDonald,
tribal spokesman for the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation in southeastern
Connecticut. "These are people who have not necessarily had a lot of banking
experience."

David Line, compliance officer with North Sound Bank in Poulsbo, Wash., who as a
loan officer made loans to the nearby Jamestown S'Klallam Tribe, said many banks
are uncomfortable dealing with Indian tribes because of "a feeling of the
unknown there." That's particularly true because the banks don't have the
security of being able to foreclose on reservation property.

"You kind of have to have a leap of faith as far as how you deal with all the
laws involved in lending on reservations," he said. "But that's the way you get
into a comfort zone. Just do business with them for a while."

Among the ways community banks to work more easily with Indian tribes and
casinos are:

*Seek to meet with tribal representatives to inform them of available banking
services.

*Present information about checking and savings accounts to tribe members and
employees.

*Offer to install ATMs or have a branch available for tribe members and casino
employees.

*Set up information booths on the reservation.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 261 words

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: HUD RELEASES PROPOSED 2016 BUDGET

LENGTH: 768  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)today
unveiled President Obama's proposed HUD budget for Fiscal Year 2016 which is
focused on helping to secure quality housing for Americans; to end homelessness;
to make communities more resilient from natural disasters; to protect people
from housing discrimination; and to provide critical rental assistance for
millions of extremely poor families.  The 2016 budget includes $49.3 billion to
support these efforts, representing a $4 billion, or 8.7 percent, increase over
current levels.

This week, HUD will also release the latest in a long-term series of reports
designed to measure the scale of critical housing problems facing very
low-income unassisted renters.  This latest report finds that in 2013, the
number of these 'worst case housing needs' remains at very high levels - 7.7
million renter households paying more than half of their income on rent, living
in severely substandard housing, or both.

Read HUD's proposed FY 2016 budget.

"HUD is the Department of Opportunity and the President's budget proposal is a
blueprint for greater opportunity for all Americans," said Secretary Julián
Castro.  "By increasing our Department's funding level by nearly $4 billion over
current levels, the President's Budget helps us continue our progress toward
achieving our mission to promote homeownership, support community development -
including making neighborhoods more resilient from natural disasters - and
expand access to affordable housing for all."

Helping Families Secure Quality Housing

HUD's 2016 Budget maintains a core commitment to provide opportunity for
families receiving rental assistance and those households seeking homeownership.
This includes funding all existing rental assistance vouchers serving 2.4
million low-income households and to restore 67,000 vouchers lost in 2013 due to
sequestration, including:

37,000 new tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers;
    23,000 new homeless vouchers for families, veterans and Native Americans;
    4,900 new vouchers for victims of domestic and dating violence protection
vouchers; and
    2,600 new family unification vouchers.

The budget also proposes:

$1.97 billion for the Public Housing Capital Fund;
    $4.6 billion for the Public Housing Operating Fund;
    $455 million under HUD's Section 202 Supportive Housing for the Elderly
Program;
    $177 million under the Section 811 Supportive Housing for Persons with
Disabilities Program, and;
    $60 million under HUD's Housing Counseling Program, an increase of $13
million (28 percent)

from current funding levels to help nearly two million consumers to improve or
restore their borrowing ability, access credit, and improve their housing
quality and affordability.

Federal Housing Administration

To further expand access to affordable mortgage financing to credit-qualified
households, the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) reduced annual mortgage
insurance premiums for new borrowers by .50 percent.  This action is projected
to save more than two million FHA homeowners an average of $900 annually and
spur 250,000 new homebuyers to purchase their first home over the next three
years.  Due to aggressive and necessary action over the last six years, FHA's
value has improved $21 billion in the last two years and remains on a very
strong trajectory.

Native American Housing and Community Development

The 2016 Budget requests $748 million to address housing needs in Native
American communities, including funding teacher housing to attract educators to
Indian Country, as well as connecting Native American veterans to homes and
vital clinical services.  HUD's Budget for tribal communities includes:

$660 million under the Indian Housing Block Grant (IHBG) Program, an increase of
$10 million from the FY15 enacted budget, to promote affordable housing,
infrastructure and economic development;
    $80 million through the Indian Community Development Block Grant (ICDBG)
Program, a $14 million increase current levels,  to assist federally recognized
Indian tribes, Alaska Native villages, and tribal organizations for a wide
variety of development needs; and
    $8 million for the Indian Housing Loan Guarantee program (Section 184)
Program, a $1 million increase over 2015, to tribal communities to access
private capital as a means of stimulating their affordable housing and
homeownership programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 11, 2014

More than $1 million in DOJ grants announced

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 303  words


WASHINGTON - Sen. John Ho-even, R-N.D., on Sept. 3, announced that the U.S.
Department of Justice (DOJ) awarded more than $1 million in grants for justice
programs administered through the North Dakota Office of the Attorney General
(AG), the Tribal Judicial Institute (TJI) at the University of North Dakota
(UND) and the Bank of North Dakota (BND).

Hoeven is a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee and passed the
Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations bill in June, which directs the DOJ
to develop a plan to support law enforcement in the Bakken.

Tribal Justice Institute at UND $600,000 - The UND School of Law's TJI will use
the funds in partnership with the National Tribal Judicial Center (NTJC) at the
National Judicial College to provide training and technical assistance for the
Tribal Court Assistance Program. This program helps Indian tribes develop and
enhance their justice systems to better respond to critical needs.

N.D. Attorney General's Office -$468,920 - The AG received two grants. The first
grant of $453,800 came from the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant
(JAG) Program to create a Statewide Intelligence System to improve agency
communication, manage intelligence seamlessly and help the AG work with other
law enforcement entities. The second grant of $15,120 will assist funding the
North Dakota Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (ND DOCR) PREA
Auditing Project in conducting audits of its three adult facilities in the
state.

Bank of North Dakota - $30,467 - The John R. Justice (JRJ) Student Loan
Repayment Program provides student loan repayment help to public defenders and
local and state prosecutors who commit to those roles for three years. BND
administers the program for North Dakota and will use the funds to help those
eligible for the JRJ program.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Golden Valley News


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 19, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Paper Gives a Voice to Plains Indians

BYLINE: By DIRK JOHNSON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 922 words

DATELINE: RAPID CITY, S.D.


The bright red pennant of the Cleveland Indians baseball team hangs in the
office of The Lakota Times newspaper. Alongside it are flags for the "Pittsburgh
Negroes," the "Kansas City Jews" and the "San Diego Caucasians."

Beneath the pennants is the statement, "Now you know how Native Americans feel."

Skewering hypocrisies with both humor and outrage, The Lakota Times, the largest
of the nation's two American Indian newspapers operating without tribal control,
has given voice in the Great Plains to a people who have often been silenced,
both by white society and by tribal governments.

Tim Giago, a 57-year-old Sioux who publishes the weekly Lakota Times, noted that
newspapers on reservations are owned and controlled by the tribal authorities.
"Freedom of the press does not exist on Indian reservations," he said, adding,
"That's like having a national newspaper, but the President decides what gets
printed."

Riles People on All Sides

Mr. Giago, a former reporter for The Rapid City Journal, used a $4,000 loan to
start The Lakota Times in 1980, taking the name of the dominant Sioux language.
By the end of its first year, the paper had a circulation of 1,000. It has grown
to 11,000, with a readership that is about 75 percent Indian, many of them in
the Pine Ridge and Rosebud Indian Reservations, which are situated on part of
the territory granted the Indians in an 1868 treaty.

In the best tradition of journalism, The Lakota Times has managed to rile people
on all sides. When the paper published a series on bigotry in Rapid City, some
whites here considered it a troublemaker. When it criticized management on the
reservations, the paper incurred the wrath of the tribal authorities.

But in South Dakota, where bitter memories linger over the gun battle in 1975 at
the Pine Ridge Reservation that killed two Federal agents and one Indian, the
paper has been a major factor in fostering talks between whites and Indians, who
account for 7 percent of the population of the state, and much more in the Black
Hills region.

Some Whites 'Are Trying'

Gov. George S. Mickelson accepted Mr. Giago's invitation to make 1990 a year of
reconciliation. The Governor, a Republican, joined the leaders of nine Sioux
tribes in a peace-pipe ceremony at the State Capitol in Pierre. And at the
paper's urging, the state renamed Pioneer Day, which had been celebrated on
Columbus Day, to Native American Day.

"We've got a long way to go, but I see whites in South Dakota who are trying,"
said Mr. Giago, who was born on the Pine Ridge Reservation. "Two years ago, you
didn't see Indians working in stores in Rapid City. Now they employ and recruit
Indians. In the public schools they're now teaching children about the Fort
Laramie treaty of 1868, the treaty the Government made with the Sioux people. I
can't tell you how important that is."

The other Indian paper that publishes without tribal control, The Navajo Nation,
began publishing earlier this year in Window Rock, Ariz.

Mr. Giago employs 25 people, almost all of them American Indians. He writes a
column that is syndicated in many newspapers, and he has won many awards. In
1985, he received the H. L. Mencken Award for column writing, but returned the
prize in 1989 after disclosures of Mencken's bigotry.

For the past four years, The Lakota Times has been named the best weekly
newspaper in South Dakota by a state press association. Mr. Giago recently
returned from Harvard University, where he studied as a Nieman Fellow for
oustanding journalists.

"We give our readers a good sense of what's going on in Indian country," Mr.
Giago said. The paper's most recent investigation centered on fake medicine men
and women who, for a fee, display their powers.

"Indian-ness is very popular right now," he said. "So there are a lot of
pretenders out there, Indian and non-Indian, who are trying to make money on it,
selling sweat lodges and vision quests. They're bastardizing our spirituality."

In its early days, The Lakota Times had trouble persuading advertisers to use
the paper. But that has changed, as business owners have learned that Indians
patronize companies that support their paper.

Advertisers now include national concerns like the K-Mart Corporation, Safeway
and the Miller Brewing Company as well as local businesses.

In addition to celebrating Indian life, the paper has published unvarnished
accounts of serious problems on reservations: alcoholism, domestic violence and
vandalism. Mr. Giago is a fierce critic of the welfare system and laments that
the spirit of life has diminished on the reservation.

"On the reservation 50 years ago, you saw men raising cattle and crops, while
women canned fruits," he said. "But now you see third- and fourth-generation
welfare families. The elders remember the days we took care of each other. The
tribe was a tiospaye, an extended family. That's changed so much."

In recent times, the newspaper has noticed an enhanced regard and respect, as
well as an interest, in Indian heritage. The movie "Dances with Wolves" was
filmed in the Black Hills and used many local Sioux.

Mr. Giago, who is generally skeptical about books and movies about Indians, had
read the script of "Dances with Wolves" long before it came to the big screen
and wrote a column for his newspaper praising it.

An autographed photograph of Kevin Costner, the director and star of the movie,
hangs in Mr. Giago's office. "I had a heck of a time getting it away from my
secretary," Mr. Giago said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Freedom of the press does not exist on Indian reservations,"
said Tim Giago, right, the publisher of The Lakota Times. "That's like having a
national newspaper, but the President decides what gets printed." (Eric Haase
for The New York Times)

Map of South Dakota highlighting Rapid City

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Seattle Times (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

Casino Snoqualmie to break ground

BYLINE: Sonia Krishnan, Seattle Times

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


Jan. 30--After years of delays and financial setbacks, the Snoqualmie Tribe will
break ground Feb. 26 on its casino project near North Bend, tribal officials
said Monday.

Casino Snoqualmie is expected to open by Nov. 1 of next year and will be the
closest tribal-gaming center to Seattle.

"It will be a world-class place," said Matt Mattson, tribal administrator.

This week, tribal officials closed on $330 million in financing to get the
project going, underwritten by Bear Stearns, a global investment bank and
securities trading and brokerage firm.

Mattson said he believes it is the largest bond offering to date in the history
of tribal gaming.

The 165,000-square foot, mountain-style lodge casino will include a 1,000-seat
event center, five restaurants, a cigar lounge and wine bar. It will be built on
a 56-acre woodsy, secluded site off of Interstate 90 and just outside the city
of Snoqualmie.

The tribe had originally planned to break ground last year. But last summer, the
tribe was dealt a major setback when its development partner of five years,
Arizona-based MGU Development, LLC, unexpectedly backed out of the project.

The partnership dissolved weeks after the tribe's application won approval from
the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) to put the land into trust, after a
five-year wait. After the deal with MGU soured, the company still held
possession of the one thing the tribe needed most to build a casino: title to
the future casino site.

Without tribal ownership, the land could not move into federal trust or become
tribal reservation territory. The tribe could not build a casino on the parcel
otherwise.

So the tribe sought out an $85.5 million bridge loan in October from a New York
investment company. That money was used to buy out MGU and pay the company $50.8
million for the site. MGU had paid $3.8 million for it in 2003.

Now, tribal officials say, they're looking forward to operating the casino
independently.

A "large chunk" of the $330 million will be used to pay off the bridge loan,
Mattson added, and more than $100 million will fund construction costs. Two
years' worth of interest payment on the debt will sit in escrow, and the rest
will be available as a reserve if the tribe needs additional funds to dip into,
he said.

Officials say they're confident the casino will be a success and better the
lives of the 650-member tribe, 42 percent of whom are unemployed. Chief Jerry
Enick called the deal's closure "a proud day" in the tribe's history.

Mattson said the priority is to diversify the tribe's economic base and invest
money into health care and housing. Unlike how other tribes with casinos
operate, there will be no per-person disbursement for at least two years after
the casino opens, he said.

The tribe plans to hire more than 800 to work at the casino.

Sonia Krishnan: 206-515-5546 or skrishnan@seattletimes.com

Copyright (c) 2007, Seattle Times Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business
News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070130-SE-0130-Casino-Snoqualmie-to-break-ground

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SE


                          Copyright 2007 Seattle Times


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Psychologist Sentenced to Six Years in Federal Prison and a $100,000 Fine for
Role in Rocky Boy's Corruption Probe

LENGTH: 1656  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

The former psychologist for the Rocky Boy Health Clinic in Box Elder has been
sentenced to six years in prison for his leadership role in corruption ring that
embezzled hundreds of thousands of dollars from federal programs on the
reservation.  Dr. James Howard Eastlick, 48, now of Coeur D'Alene, Idaho, was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Brian Morris to six years in prison despite the
government's recommendation for a more lenient sentence based upon what
prosecutors termed "exceptional assistance" in the investigation and prosecution
of others involved in the Rocky Boy's corruption.

While the sentence represented a departure from the advisory guideline range,
the sentence also reflected Eastlick's central role in a myriad of corrupt deals
with tribal officials that occurred over a three year period when the
reservation saw a significant increase in federal funding.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Morris ordered Eastlick to pay a $100,000
fine, pay $424,800 in restitution and serve three years of supervised release
when his term of imprisonment has ended.

Earlier in the day, Morris had sentenced Eastlick's sister Tammy Kay Leischner,
43, and his brother-in-law, Mark Craig Leischner, 48, both of Laurel to two
years in prison.  Morris sentenced Eastlick's father, James Howard Eastlick,
Sr., 70, to a year in prison in September of 2014, and Eastlick's nephew,
Brenden Leischner, 24, to six months in custody and five years of probation for
his role in a student financial aid fraud scheme at the University of Great
Falls.

Bribery Relating to a Federally Funded Program

Dr. Eastlick plead guilty to providing Tony Belcourt, then the Chief Executive
officer of the Chippewa Cree Construction Corporation, with a $100,000 payment
as part of their on-going business relationship relating to the Tiber Reservoir
water project which was funded in 2009 with $20 million in federal stimulus
monies under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) through the
Bureau of Reclamation.

Prosecutors presented evidence that Hunter Burns Construction, LLC, was formed
as a Native American / minority-owned preference business in June 2009 to do
business on the Rocky Boy's Indian Reservation, primarily on federally funded
projects. The 51% majority owner of the company was Hunter Burns, and the other
49% of the company was owned by Dr. Eastlick, then a clinical psychologist with
the Rocky Boy Health Board Clinic.  Between June 2009 and October 2009, Tony
Belcourt awarded four contracts to Hunter Burns Construction, totaling over
$713,000, in connection of the expansion of the On-Reservation water district.
These contracts were identified as the Box Elder Pipeline Project 1 ($361,300),
the Box Elder Pipeline Project 2 ($143,440) the Middle Dry Fork Pipeline project
($155,108), and the Reseeding project to mitigate ground disturbance for these
two pipelines ($54,000).

In December, 2011, Belcourt approached Eastlick for a large loan--$100,000--to
keep the Bank from taking his ranching operation. Eastlick agreed to help
Belcourt.

Belcourt approved and authorized a Chippewa Cree Construction Corporation
payment to Hunter Burns Construction on November 21, 2009, in the amount of
$148,972. Without the deposit from the Chippewa Cree Construction Corporation,
there were insufficient funds in the Hunter Burns Construction account to get
the money Belcourt needed to fix the problem with the auction company and
Independence Bank caused by the illicit sale of secured cattle.

Two days later, on November 23, 2009, Hunter Burns Construction issued a
$100,000 check to Hailey Belcourt.

Four months later, in March of 2010, Hunter Burns Construction was awarded a
$1.7 million contract. Two weeks after the contract was entered into, Belcourt
approved a $100,000 payment of federal ARRA funds to Hunter Burns Construction .
The contract had called for a $15,000 payment for "mobilization", but that
payment was made weeks after the $100,000 payment; a payment that went
unrecorded with the project engineers until many months later.

Bribery of Councilman John Houle

Eastlick also plead guilty to bribing Chippewa Cree Tribal Councilman John
Chance Houle.

Prosecutors represented to the Court that between October 2007 and September
2012, the Chippewa Cree Tribe received $420,439,495.00 in federal funding. In
addition to the over $420 million in federal funding, the Tribe also received a
$25 million dollar insurance payment after the flooding of 2010, and an $8.4
million dollar award under the Cobell v. Salazar Settlement in July of 2012. The
total money received by the Tribe during this five-year time period was over
$450 million dollars.

Of that amount, between April 2009 and December 2011, the Rocky Boy's Health
Clinic received over $40 million from HHS and EPA, mostly to operate the Health
Clinic and rebuild sewage lagoons damaged by the floods of 2010. The Chippewa
Cree Construction Corporation received over $40 million from the BOR as part of
the Rocky Boy's/North Central Montana Regional Water System project (the Tiber
project).

John Chance Houle, was a tribal councilman during this time and Vice-Chairman of
the Rocky Boy Tribe Business Committee.  In that capacity, Houle served on the
Chippewa Cree Construction Corporation Board and on the Rocky Boy's Health Care
Board. Houle had arranged for the Eastlick-Bums partnership with the
understanding that if he lost his position on the Council, he would replace
Eastlick and continue to use the construction company as a vehicle to obtain
tribal funds. A long-time member of the tribal council who had also served as
the Tribal Chairman, Houle exerted significant political control over the two
boards as well as over the affairs of the Tribe as a whole.

During the period of the indictment-from July 28, 2009 through November 30,
2011, Houle engaged in a series of "business transactions" with Hunter Burns
Construction including the rental of property to the company, the  sale or lease
of equipment to the company, and the performance of personal services to the
company. The investigation revealed that many of the transactions were not
legitimate but were merely labeled as such to provide cover to the participants.
For example, equipment purportedly sold to Hunter Bums Construction would
continue to appear on Houle's inventory of equipment for bank loans and credit
long after it was allegedly sold. One transaction was for the potential and
prospective lease of property over ten years paid in full up front-when the land
was never used for any purpose by the construction company. Another payment was
related to the disposal of hazardous waste which could not have been a
legitimate transaction due to the regulatory requirements for the disposal of
such material that Houle could not legally perform.  Eastlick, Houle, and Hunter
Burns all confirmed that the scheme was merely a device to funnel federal and
tribal monies back to Councilman Houle in exchange for his continuing patronage
in the giving of contracts to Hunter Burns Construction.

From July 28, 2009, through November 30,2011, Hunter Burns Construction made a
total of $258,487 in l7 payments to Houle, his ranching business, or his
children from the health clinic and water project contracts funded by EPA, BOR,
and HHS.

Federal Income Tax Fraud

Eastlick was also sentenced on his guilty plea to income tax fraud.

According to prosecutors, Eastlick, in addition to his employment as a
psychologist for the Health Clinic, operated a loan program-called the JE Loan
Program-with the Chippewa Cree Tribe wherein he loaned money both to the Tribe
in large amounts and to individual tribal employees in smaller amounts. Loans to
the Tribe generally carried interest rates of l0 per cent, and were paid back
within l0 weeks of Eastlick loaning the money. The annualized percentage rate
(APR) for loans from the JE Loan program would constitute an 80% return.

With regard to the loans to the tribal employees, Eastlick had an arrangement
with the Tribe that to repay those debts, money would be taken from the
employee's paycheck, consolidated with other debtors of the JE Loan program, and
then tribal checks would be regularly issued to Eastlick representing both
interest and principal. These loans were also short-term loans that carried an
interest rate of between l0 and 15 per cent with an annualized rate being
significantly higher. Eastlick's accountant, who handled the tax affairs of
Eastlick's other business interests, had no knowledge of the JE Loan program and
did not include taxable income from that source on any of Eastlick's returns
including during the years 2008-2011.

Returned principal on the loans made by Eastlick through the JE Loan Program
would not be income subject to the Internal Revenue Service's reporting
requirements, but interest on those loans is considered income and must be
reported. Eastlick did not claim any interest income from his tribal loan
program on his federal tax returns for 2008, 2010, or 2011, and only minimal
interest in 2009.

Eastlick's prison sentence on the tax conviction runs concurrently to the 72
months imposed on the other counts of conviction, but he was ordered to pay, of
the total restitution amount, $66,313 to the IRS in taxes due and owing from his
failure to disclose the interest income from the loan program.

Because there is no parole in the federal system, the "truth in sentencing"
guidelines mandate that Eastlick will likely serve all of the time imposed by
the court.  In the federal system, defendants do have the opportunity to earn a
limited reduction in time served for "good behavior," a reduction for good
conduct while incarcerated will not exceed 15% of the overall sentence.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 25, 2015 Saturday

Shawnee man accused of stealing nearly $200K from Oklahoma Indian tribe

BYLINE: By Andrew Knittle Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 310 words


SHAWNEE - A Shawnee man is accused of embezzling nearly $200,000 from a small
business program funded by the Citizen Potawatomi Nation, the largest employer
in Pottawatomie County.Thomas Bierd, 35, faces six counts of embezzlement and
theft from a tribal organization. They are federal charges.Bierd and an
accomplice, a former CPN employee, could be sentenced to as many as five years
in prison and may be forced to pay a $250,000 fine.According to an indictment
unsealed Thursday in Oklahoma City, Bierd and Kristi Bias, 41, worked together
to scam the tribe between December 2010 and September 2011.Bias was employed as
executive director of the tribe's Community Development Corporation, which
"promoted economic development in the Native American community by providing
business loans and grants to companies owned by or which primarily employed
members of federally recognized Indian tribes," federal prosecutors wrote in the
indictment.Records show that Bias would issue five-figure checks to bogus
companies controlled by Bierd, who in turn "kicked back" some of the funds to
Bias. The former tribal employee also would create fraudulent documents and keep
them on file in the company's offices.The six separate thefts produced checks
ranging from $48,000 to $18,763, for a grand total of $181,763.Bierd was
arrested Thursday but has since bailed out of jail.

Court records show his trial date is set for June.Bias pleaded guilty in
November and is awaiting sentencing, according to prosecutors.Citzen Potawatomi
Nation spokesman John VanPool declined to comment on the case.A search of
Oklahoma court records reveals that Bierd was arrested in 1998 for breaking and
entering. He pleaded guilty and received probation, records show, but he hasn't
been in trouble since.Bias, also known as Kristi Coker, doesn't appear to have a
criminal history in Oklahoma.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Shawnee man accused of stealing nearly $200K from Oklahoma Indian tribe

BYLINE: By Andrew Knittle, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 310 words


SHAWNEE - A Shawnee man is accused of embezzling nearly $200,000 from a small
business program funded by the Citizen Potawatomi Nation, the largest employer
in Pottawatomie County.Thomas Bierd, 35, faces six counts of embezzlement and
theft from a tribal organization. They are federal charges.Bierd and an
accomplice, a former CPN employee, could be sentenced to as many as five years
in prison and may be forced to pay a $250,000 fine.According to an indictment
unsealed Thursday in Oklahoma City, Bierd and Kristi Bias, 41, worked together
to scam the tribe between December 2010 and September 2011.Bias was employed as
executive director of the tribe's Community Development Corporation, which
"promoted economic development in the Native American community by providing
business loans and grants to companies owned by or which primarily employed
members of federally recognized Indian tribes," federal prosecutors wrote in the
indictment.Records show that Bias would issue five-figure checks to bogus
companies controlled by Bierd, who in turn "kicked back" some of the funds to
Bias. The former tribal employee also would create fraudulent documents and keep
them on file in the company's offices.The six separate thefts produced checks
ranging from $48,000 to $18,763, for a grand total of $181,763.Bierd was
arrested Thursday but has since bailed out of jail.

Court records show his trial date is set for June.Bias pleaded guilty in
November and is awaiting sentencing, according to prosecutors.Citzen Potawatomi
Nation spokesman John VanPool declined to comment on the case.A search of
Oklahoma court records reveals that Bierd was arrested in 1998 for breaking and
entering. He pleaded guilty and received probation, records show, but he hasn't
been in trouble since.Bias, also known as Kristi Coker, doesn't appear to have a
criminal history in Oklahoma.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 9, 2008 Wednesday

Bolstering reservation community assets

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


Apr. 9--LONGMONT, Colo. -- As much of the country faces a struggling economy,
Native communities will receive a boost from private and corporate funders in an
effort to bolster the educational, homeownership and financial assets of
American Indian families and individuals.

First Nations Development Institute, a national nonprofit Native organization,
has gathered a consortium of funders for its Little Eagle Staff Fund.

With $435,000 in funding from Bank of America, Johnson Scholarship Foundation,
Washington Mutual Foundation and a fourth partner, the fund will provide grants
and technical assistance to ultimately make the residents of reservation
communities better-educated consumers of financial products and services.

A call for letters of inquiry for grants from the Little Eagle Staff Fund was
formally announced at a dinner March 18 at First Nations' national Oweesta/LEAD
Conference at the Red Lion Hotel in Denver. A featured speaker at the conference
and stalwart ally of First Nations' financial education efforts targeting
American Indians will be Dan Iannicola, deputy assistant secretary for the
Department of the Treasury's Office of Financial Education.

The conference attracted more than 100 tribal leaders to focus on economic
development, organization development and financial literacy issues.

"First Nations and our funding partners celebrate through the Little Eagle Staff
Fund the opportunity to create a nurturing and enabling environment for the
growth of institutions that support small- and medium-sized enterprises on
American Indian reservations," said Michael E. Roberts, president of First
Nations. "By providing grants and other assistance, the Little Eagle Staff Fund
will ultimately create new wealth opportunities for and increase the assets of
reservation community members."

Little Eagle Staff Fund letters of inquiry will be due to First Nations
Development Institute June 2. Eligible applicants will be tribal programs and
Native nonprofit organizations that focus on asset and wealth creation programs
in Native communities. Grants will strengthen program administration, management
and implementation. More information about the LESF program and the application
process are available on the First Nations Web site.

The announcement of the Little Eagle Staff Fund and its focus on financial
literacy is particularly timely, coming on the heels of First Nations' newly
issued report, "Borrowing Trouble: Predatory Lending in Native American
Communities." The report details the predatory practices of lenders that target
Native communities with loan products that are often designed to exploit
vulnerable borrowers who generally cannot afford to repay the loans.

First Nations Development Institute is a national, American Indian-led 501(c)(3)
nonprofit organization that was founded in 1980. Through a three-pronged
strategy of educating grass-roots practitioners, advocating systemic change and
capitalizing Indian communities, First Nations is working to restore Native
control and culturally compatible stewardship of the assets they own -- be they
land, human potential, cultural heritage or natural resources -- and to
establish new assets for ensuring the long-term vitality of Native communities.
First Nations was founded with the belief that "when armed with appropriate
resources, Native peoples hold the capacity and ingenuity to ensure the
sustainable economic, spiritual and cultural well-being of their communities."

For more information, contact Sarah EchoHawk Vermillion, vice president of
development and communications, at (303) 774-7836 or
svermillion@firstnations.org, or visit www.firstnations.org.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080409-IC-ASSETS-GRANTS-20080409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             April 1, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Tribe helping pay off center at high school

SECTION: METRO V; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: SHAWNEE


The Citizen Potawatomi Nation has pledged to help pay up to $200,000 of the
$280,000 that the high school's Quarterback Club still owes on the
three-year-old Physical Fitness and Development Center.

Shawnee Public Schools Athletic Director Steve Fluke said Tribal Chairman John
"Rocky" Barrett secured a tribal contribution of $2 for every $1 raised by the
club to retire the $280,000 owed on the center.

The multipurpose weight training and workout room north of the football stadium
was completed in 2001.

The project was financed with $120,000 raised by quarterback club members and a
$350,000 bank loan secured by the club and a co-signer who has remained
anonymous.

Fluke said the co-signer has paid off the loan, and the quarterback club is
making payments to him, instead of the bank.

About 50 parents and community leaders are members of the quarterback club, a
nonprofit organization to benefit the football team. The loan was to have been
paid off in January, but the club still owed $315,919.

School officials in December decided against buying the building to free the
co-signer of any liability.


LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Maliseets closer to new health center, housing

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: HOULTON


As the longtime chief of the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, Brenda Commander
has consistently expressed her desire to see tribal members have the best
possible access to affordable, quality health care and tribal housing.

The tribe got closer to those goals Monday morning, as local, state and federal
officials from the public and private sectors joined tribal officials and
members in breaking ground on a new health center and a six-unit housing
complex.

Both projects are located on Maliseet land in Houlton, which is also home to
tribal residences, a gymnasium, a day care center and various other facilities.

The more than 10,000-square-foot health center is being funded by a $1.4 million
grant from the federal Indian Health Service, a $600,000 grant from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, and a $250,000 grant from U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development. The tribe is contributing $160,000
in cash and land.

Close to 30 people attended Monday's groundbreaking ceremony.

"This is an important and exciting day in the history of our tribe," said
Commander, who was one of the many officials to shovel a spade full of dirt
during the ceremony.

"This will provide a place where all of our health care services can be
delivered seamlessly to tribal members," she told the crowd. "It will remove
barriers that our members face to accessing health care."

At this point, health care is available to tribal members on their land, but
patients have to go to three different facilities for access. Those offices also
serve patients in cramped facilities that lack privacy. The new center will
eliminate those problems, according to Commander.

The six-unit housing complex will be the first multifamily housing facility
funded by USDA Rural Development on Maliseet land. The new structure is being
funded through a $1 million USDA Rural Development multifamily housing loan and
a $142,264 contribution by the tribe. Bangor Savings Bank is providing interim
financing for the project.

At this point, the band has 68 rental units, all of which are full. With a
waiting list of about 45 families seeking housing on tribal lands, the tribe
wants to build more units, but lacks the funds to do it right now.

Virginia Manuel, USDA rural development state director, said she was pleased to
see the groundbreaking take place.

"This will provide affordable health care and affordable, decent space for
tribal members to live," she said, crediting Commander for her work on the
projects. "This will be quality housing and provide quality health care."

She added that over the past five years, USDA has invested $39 million in
Maine's Native American tribes.

Wade Hanson, Houlton's community development director, also congratulated the
tribe on the projects. The tribe and the town have partnered on a number of
projects in the past few years, and Hanson called the tribe an "asset" to the
community.

Construction on both facilities is expected to be completed next year.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             March 17, 2006 Friday

In brief

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 224 words

Mohegan slots winnings up

Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Conn., won $68.9 million from slot machine players in
February, an increase of 1.2 percent from 2005. The total amount wagered in slot
machines increased by 2.3 percent to $786.2 million. The casino's 8.76 winning
percentage declined slightly from 8.86 percent last February.

Mohegan Sun has about 6,200 slot machines and pays 25 percent of its slots
winnings to the state in lieu of taxes.

The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority is constructing a temporary slot machine
casino at the former Pocono Downs in Plains Township. That facility will house
1,000 slot machines. Mohegan officials have said a permanent casino will contain
2,000 slot machines.

Unlike Connecticut, where the casino is on tribal land, Mohegan Sun at Pocono
Downs will be taxed at a rate near 55 percent under Pennsylvania law.

Mortgage delinquency rises

The Mortgage Bankers Association, in its quarterly mortgage survey, reported
Thursday that the percentage of mortgage payments that were 30 or more days past
due for all loans tracked rose to 4.70 percent in the October-to-December
quarter of last year.

That was up from the prior quarter's 4.44 percent delinquency rate and was the
highest since the second quarter of 2003.

The fourth quarter delinquency rate decreases to 4.55 percent if the impact of
the hurricanes is removed.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Tribal Economic Development Bonds: Huge Capacity, Few Users

BYLINE: Jennifer DePaul

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 122 No. 30

LENGTH: 1385  words


In the seven months since the Internal Revenue Service revamped its tribal
economic development bond program to boost issuance and help spur job creation,
it appears the program has yet again faltered.

Since July 2012, when the IRS announced its intent to overhaul the TEB
allocation process to reallocate $1.8 billion of available bond volume cap, only
nine applications totaling $233.4 million, or roughly 13%, have been awarded by
the agency. The IRS could not disclose the actual number of applications
approved, but the amount totaled $214.7 million.

"The allocation process described in Notice 2012-48 was designed to award TED
bond issuance authority to shovel-ready projects where the financing can close
in six months or less," said Steve Chamberlin, acting director of the IRS
tax-exempt bond office. "It is not too surprising that tribal governments with
prospective projects have needed a little time to prepare applications meeting
the new criteria. We are encouraged to see applications requesting TED bond
volume cap awards coming in and remain optimistic that the new process will be
successful in helping qualified projects secure tax-exempt financing."

Townsend Hyatt, a partner at Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in Portland,
Ore., said the new IRS guidelines adopted last summer were "a step in the right
direction towards making sure TED bond allocations go toward viable projects."

Hyatt said his firm is working on several refinancings that will likely include
some TED bond components.

"By all accounts, there hasn't been a rush of TED bond applications yet," he
said. "Nonetheless, we've seen renewed interest from tribal borrowers in TED
bonds or TED loans since the process reopened. However, the new 180-day
forfeiture rule means that tribes are waiting until later in the deal
structuring process before applying for TED bond allocations."

Under the rule, a tribal government would have to issue TED bonds or obtain a
TED loan within 180 days of receiving the allocation or else lose the
allocation.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act created TED bonds and authorized $2
billion of them to be issued in 2009 and 2010 to promote economic development on
tribal lands.

That legislation temporarily removed the requirement that tribal bonds only be
used to finance projects with an "essential governmental function" like schools
or sewer system projects, but said they had to be on reservations and not
involve gambling.

Tribal governments have long complained they are held to higher standards for
bond issuance than state and local governments, which have no such restriction
on their bond issuances.

The IRS allocated the $2 billion in two tranches - $1 billion in September 2009,
saying no tribal government would get an allocation of greater than $30 million
and $1 billion in February 2010, with the provision that those bonds had to be
used by the end of 2011 or they would be forfeited.

Although the entire $2 billion was allocated, less than 3% of the bonds were
ultimately issued through the end of 2011, according to the Treasury.

The IRS consulted with tribes and received "constructive feedback on causes of
the low issuance rate," said Sarah Ingram, IRS commissioner with the Tax Exempt
and Government Entities division, during a Senate Finance Committee hearing on
May 15, 2012.

"Among other reasons, tribes have stated the low issuance rate was due to the
allocation period being too short, the new bond characteristics not being
readily understood, credit constraints that impede access to the market for
tribes, and the national economic environment not being conducive to new bond
issuances," Ingram said in her written testimony.

In December 2011, the Treasury Department published a 15-page report making
recommendations to Congress to help Indian tribal governments access the capital
markets more effectively and efficiently. The Treasury pointed to credit
challenges facing tribal governments as the primary reason for a lack of
issuance.

"A more flexible framework for tax-exempt bond financing cannot ameliorate the
significant credit challenges facing Indian tribal governments that impede their
access to the tax-exempt bond market," the report said. The Treasury urged the
"essential governmental function" restriction be removed for TED bonds on a
permanent basis.

Of the few tribes that have issued TED bonds, most were cautious about taking on
new debt.

In March 2012, the Quechan Tribe of the Fort Yuma Indian Reservation in
California and Arizona issued $29.685 million of tax-exempt TED bonds.

The 3,500 member tribe used the bond proceeds to refund a portion of some 2008
bonds, pay off a 2008 tribal loan and put money in the debt service reserve
fund. The bonds were not rated but had parity debt outstanding rated B- by Fitch
Ratings.

The bond sale resulted in a 525 basis point reduction in the tribe's interest
rate and ultimately saved the tribe more than $1.5 million in savings, according
to Brad Langner, senior vice president in public finance with Piper Jaffray,
which was underwriter for the deal.

Langner said he expects to see more activity in the tax-exempt bond market with
Indian tribal governments. Echoing the Treasury and IRS, Langner said road
blocks for tribes have consistently been creditworthiness and high interest
rates on the tax-exempt side.

"You have to get the tax-exempt interest rates to be compelling enough over a
bank deal," Langner said. "Bank deals are shorter in duration. The strongest
deals are getting done at extremely aggressive levels at 2% to 3% for five to
seven years."

Randy DelFranco, a partner at Holland &Knight, said part of the problem with the
TED bond program is that, for many tribes who would be able to issue debt with
good creditworthiness, most of their revenues are generated through casino
operations.

There hasn't been a lot of economic expansion with tribes, DelFranco said. In
the few cases where tribes have financed new operations, they have mostly been
with taxable bonds, or have been refinancings and restructurings.

He expects tribes will use TED bonds this year in connection with refinancings.

Mike Lettig, executive vice president and national executive for Native American
Financial Services and Agra Business with KeyBank, said the TED bond program has
failed to be robust due in part to what he calls an "underwriting gap."

"There is a gap in developing underwriting criteria that creates access to
capital to the tribes that need it most," Lettig said. "Most tribes that have a
desperate need for economic development capital also face economic challenges in
supporting debt structures. The largest impediment in actually getting this
capital deployed is that they can't historically demonstrate debt service
capacity assurance."

By and large, tribes are poor and have had difficulty demonstrating they can pay
debt service, he said. Predominantly the projects tribes create are designed to
meet the needs of their communities and are typically designed to break even
without generating much revenue.

"The financial community just doesn't have the appetite to underwrite this,"
Lettig said.

Michelle Wellington, controller with Wildhorse Casino and Resort, at the
Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation in Pendleton, Oregon,
said the tribe was awarded $22.56 million of TEDs in 2010 to help finance a
portion of its casino property.

In 2010, interest rates plummeted and there was ultimately no cost benefit to
issuing tax-exempt bonds versus obtaining a loan from the bank, Wellington said.

As a result, the tribe put its project on the back burner and hired Jeff Lamb, a
principal at Sovereign Finance LLC, to help it with its project. Lamb told
tribal officials they were eligible to use Build America Bond subsidy payments
under the TED bond program.

The WRC hasn't planned any future projects and as a result didn't bother looking
at the new and improved TED bond allocation process.

"We didn't want to take on any more debt," Wellington said. "Right now, tribal
gaming revenue is either stabilized or going down in some areas in the economy.
Even if you get a bond, you still need a letter of credit. It's not a real good
time to borrow whether you are getting a bond or a bank loan. A lot of tribes
have debt and are not comfortable with acquiring more until things change."

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Not self-interested

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1284 words



In response to Elliott Doane (Your Views, May 13): In the age of public
relations, the crafting of effective communicative tools to promote the vision
of tribal leadership in response to the abrogation of treaty rights with regard
to water is a means to promote broader awareness of both sides of this complex
legal entanglement. Doane overlooks the fact that during this same era of
American history, the use of methods of torture such as burning at the stake or
drawing and quartering were accepted means of cruelty used by Western Europeans.
And tribes did indeed promote confederations of tribal groups to forestall the
encroachment of American colonial society into recognized tribal areas.

The mutual benefits of improved economic development by tribal governments have
enhanced local school districts, county governments, towns and cities throughout
Oklahoma that diametrically opposes the statement of "self-interest" by Doane to
the point of absurdity. The impact of gaming has been advantageous to thousands
of Oklahomans, Indian and non-Indian alike, who are gainfully employed because
of progressive advancement of tribal leadership that repudiates the notion of
"self-interest." Jacob Tsotigh, Norman

Re-education needed

In response to Elliott Doane (Your Views, May 13): American Indians have made
many contributions so Doane could enjoy the freedoms he so loves. The U.S.
Constitution is based on the Iroquois Confederacy's laws. What about the Native
American Code Talkers during World War II against the Japanese? Otherwise Doane
might be speaking German today. Per capita, we've sent more of our warriors to
fight for a country that only recently granted us tribal self-government rights.
Today, our tribes contribute millions to the economy of Oklahoma and the nation.
Without us, many small towns would dry up due to a lack of revenue.

We pay taxes and health insurance premiums. We take out student loans, own homes
and contribute much to society. Our casinos also provide much-needed jobs, not
only to our tribal members, but to non-Indians as well. Doane needs to come up
to the 21st century and do what his people made ours do - assimilate. Chris Tall
Bear, Norman

Explorers' downfall

I'd remind Elliott Doane (Your Views, May 13) that American Indians seemed to be
doing fine until foreign explorers such as Coronado, DeSoto, LaSalle and others
appeared on the scene. During their explorations, they killed and enslaved many
Indians in the lust to find gold and silver. I'd hardly call that a fair fight,
considering their guns against the bows and arrows of the Indians. All this took
place many years before the Revolutionary War and the War of 1812. To add insult
to injury, they also claimed all the explored lands for the respective countries
that sent them.

Doane mentioned the Indians not having any conveyance with wheels. But they did
have the travois, which served them well for centuries and required little or no
maintenance. He also speaks of the dreaded capture by Indians, but settlers,
soldiers and mountain men were equally as vicious. They and the U.S. government
forced the Indians from their tribal lands time and time again, forcing them
farther west many times.

Doane also wrote of the dams built by the palefaces in order to build huge
lakes. This is true; however, he forgets that the Indians owned the water that
filled those lakes. Needless to say, without the water, there would be no lakes.
Bob Merrill, Moore

American Indian truths

Elliott Doane's attempt (Your Views, May 13) at casting Indians in a negative
light is full of inaccuracies. If it weren't for the goodwill of some of the
Eastern tribes during the first harsh winter the colonists endured, history
might have been different. Who is "us" in his reference of "They killed us for
the British"? The attempt was made to say we were primitive because we didn't
have the wheel. Did not all civilizations at some point not have the wheel?

Indians didn't have exclusive rights to disemboweling and slicing, and we did
indeed fight with each other - we're human! Remember, Indians pay taxes like
most Oklahomans and use the same water. Casinos have impoverished us? I've yet
to see Indians behind non-Indians marching them to a casino. David Brown,
Tishomingo

What really transpired

Finally! I was pleased to see  "GOPeeved: State party conclave gets down and
dirty" (Our Views, May 17) reflecting what really transpired at the Oklahoma GOP
convention last Saturday. As a delegate, I saw firsthand that the Ron Paul
supporters tried every stalling tactic in the book to disrupt the process. Prior
to this editorial, other reporting on the convention was almost entirely from
the point of view of the Ron Paulers. Thank you for setting the record straight.
Pat Grisham, Oklahoma City

Reconsider SB 1059

If some legislators get their way, women may have to pay for mammograms that had
previously been covered by insurance. We also could face having to pay for
screenings like pap smears and pelvic exams, as well as for children's
immunizations and maternity care that are currently required to be covered in
Oklahoma health insurance plans. Senate Bill 1059 could allow insurers to delete
these necessary services and destroy a long history of health protection for
Oklahoma women. If this bill passes, even Oklahomans with insurance could be
burdened with the cost of screenings. We could be paying out-of-pocket for
mammograms, colonoscopies and a host of other previously covered cancer
screenings.

The bill's proponents are sincere and don't want to cut these vital benefits,
but this bill could do just that because health plans no longer would be
required to cover benefits mandated by Oklahoma law. Lawmakers should carefully
reconsider SB 1059. Barbara Nickles, Ponca City

Nickles is the Oklahoma state lead ambassador for American Cancer Society's
Cancer Action Network. SB 1059 is pending in a conference committee.

Emergency contraceptive

Addressing FDA-approved contraception covered under the Affordable Care Act,
Jeanne Meyer (Your Views, May 11) said Ella is an abortion-inducing drug. It's
not. It won't affect an established pregnancy. It doesn't cause an abortion.
Ella is an emergency contraceptive (EC). It reduces the chance of pregnancy in
the case of unprotected sex or failed/missed birth control. It works only by
delaying ovulation (the release of an egg from the ovary) for up to five days.
Plan B One-Step and Next Choice are other forms of EC. They don't cause
abortion.

Many individuals aren't current with the newer forms of contraceptives and how
they work. Many confuse the abortion pill, RU-486, with forms of EC, such as
Ella. This is just more proof that we don't need untrained people interfering
with the reproductive health treatment of women by their doctors. Marion Homier,
Choctaw

Escaping Bricktown

I'm excited about the wonderful season enjoyed by the Thunder and now the games
intensify with the playoffs. I work in the Bricktown area and commute to and
from south Oklahoma City. On evenings of a home game, getting south becomes a
real challenge. The streets are blocked off for organized activities and some of
the remaining streets are blocked by parking lot attendants. How can they block
public streets? They want my money to pass through and all I want to do is to
get home. I'd hope the city could look into this practice and give commuters a
hand in escaping the Bricktown area! Gary Baker, Oklahoma City

Send letters to yourviews@ opubco.com or to Your Views, P.O. Box 25125, Oklahoma
City, OK 73125. Word limit is 250. Include a postal address and telephone
number. For other guidelines, go to  www.newsok.com/voices/guidelines or call
(405) 475-3920.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ron Paul

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Native American Bank Says It's Making Strides

                            April 4, 2002, Thursday

BY LAURA K. THOMPSON



The chief executive of a bank that aims to serve all Native Americans says its
business plan is solidifying after some fits and starts.

John Beirise said $26 million-asset Native American Bank, in Browning, Mont.,
recently set up a loan production office in the holding company's home of
Denver, is establishing a lending division, and is devising a program to package
mortgages from all Native American banks and sell them on the secondary market.

"We were very ambitious in our planning, and now we are in the hard phase of
really executing and recruiting and getting organized," he said. "I wish it
would go faster, but I think we are doing quite well overall."

The planning phase began in 1998, when a dozen tribes joined forces as Native
American Bancorp and set out to raise capital. Three years later, realizing they
did not have enough money, the group struck a deal to buy the floundering
Blackfeet National Bank on the Blackfeet reservation in Browning.

The acquisition of Blackfeet National, which had been in business for 14 years
but had not turned a profit since 1999, closed in October, and Mr. Beirise, a
onetime executive at St. Louis' Mercantile Bank, took over as CEO. Now, having
replenished the bank's capital, Mr. Beirise, who is also the company's
president, can pay more attention to his goal of expanding Native American
Bank's loan portfolio 20% by yearend. He said he expects it will be profitable
in 2003.

In July of 2001 regulators ordered Blackfeet National to increase capital levels
and revamp its real estate lending practices. Its president and founder, Elouise
Cobell, now heads the new bank's Community Development Corp. and is leading a
national financial literacy initiative. Mr. Beirise said the development arm is
also establishing a microlending program and homeownership counseling at
reservations.

The secondary-market mortgage sales effort is to be led by an Indian Housing
Consortium to be made up of several tribal banks that would pool their
mortgages.

"We really want Native Americans assuming more responsibility and control over
their economic destiny," Mr. Beirise said.

Jacqueline Johnson, the executive director of the National Congress of American
Indians, said of Native American Bancorp, "We wholeheartedly support the concept
of what they are doing, and there are tribes everywhere looking for the success
of this bank."

Still, she said, the company is in its infancy and needs to strengthen its
organizational structure before moving on to large projects.

The Denver office is scouting for opportunities to lend on a national scale,
primarily to tribes, but the Browning branch focuses on local small-business
lending.

Native American Bank, whose lending limits are five times those of the former
Blackfeet National, recently teamed up with another Native American bank to make
a $1 million working-capital loan to the business arm of the Winnebago tribe in
Nebraska. Mr. Beirise said his bank plans to arrange more shared credits with
such banks, especially to those tribes that lack casinos.

Mr. Beirise said his bank has to be more visible if it is to adequately reach
tribes that are not among its investors. Toward that end, this summer it will
start a "limited service facility" and set up an automated teller machine on
another reservation in Montana.

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 571 words

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, John Beirise

                      Copyright 2002 American Banker, Inc.


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday

Banks prepared to collect on two Navajo loans [3:00 pm]

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 108 words


The Daily Times

The Navajo Nation may lose as much as $3.5 million in loans this week as two
banks prepare to collect.

Native American Bank in Denver and JP Morgan Chase have called loans after two
Navajo businesses failed to make payments, and both banks have indicated they
are ready to collect, said LoRenzo Bates, who sits on the Navajo Tribal
Council's Budget and Finance Committee.

The companies, Biochemical Decontamination Systems Manufacturing Inc. and Diné
Poultry Products, both are in danger of defaulting on their loans. The combined
loss will consume more than half of the Navajo Dam Escrow Account, which is
valued at about $6 million.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Equity issues: Experts give tribes tips for project financing

BYLINE: Molly M. Fleming

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 479  words


CATOOSA - The U.S. government holds more than 56 million acres in trust for
Native American tribes.

But having that much land doesn't give the tribes any equity, because they don't
own it. The federal government does.

That's why it's important to work with several entities when financing a
project, said Lyle Frederickson with Great Western Bank in Arizona.

"Collaboration is a force multiplier," he said.

Frederickson has spent the last 30 years working on more than $80 million in
capital projects with Native American tribes. He said a borrower typically has
to have 20-percent equity for a loan from the U.S. Department of Interior.
However, the department is more accepting of creative equity types than the
Department of Agriculture.

Frederickson presented his project list during a panel discussion at the
Reservation Economic Summit held July 11-14 at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.
The event was hosted by the National Center for American Indian Enterprise
Development.

Fredrickson's projects include a Hampton Inn hotel, a convenience store, an
aluminum plant and a gift shop with a museum. He also worked with an oil and gas
company on building a large marketplace center in Window Rock, Arizona, the
capital of the Navajo Nation.

"It's become very, very successful," he said.

Shannon Loeve, senior vice president and chief lending officer at Native
American Bank, said there are two main reasons why it's hard for tribes to get a
traditional loan. Equity is one concern, and the other concern is that tribes
have to agree to a limited waiver of tribal sovereignty. The tribes' contracts
with banks mean they could get sued if they fell behind on payments.

Loeve said if a loan is backed by a federal program, then the bank is more
likely to lend the money. She said the federal government makes it easier for
developers in Indian Country to get loans.

"When I hear people talking about, 'It's difficult to get financing because of
trust land issues or jurisdictional issues,' ... this is precisely what we do,"
she said. "We do this as a normal course of business. "

TFA Capital Partners Chairman Kristin Jackson said having a feasibility study
also helps. She said having the projections can help show if there's room in the
market for the project.

"There's a need to have (a feasibility study)," she said. "It certainly checks
the box from a lender's perspective. "

She cautioned tribes on how the study is conducted. She worked with a tribe that
designed an addition to its casino and then asked for a market analysis. All the
analysts said it wouldn't be profitable.

"Don't overpay for market studies, or tell the market firm what you think you
should build," she said. "Rather, ask them. You'll get a more independent
viewpoint. "

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 23, 1999

Open Forum: Housing America's First Natives

LENGTH: 843 words

President Clinton addressed attendees at the Native American Homeownership and
Economic Development Summit at the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South
Dakota. Details from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development about
his plans to promote Indian housing are presented here as our Open Forum.

HUD will work with the Mortgage Bankers Association and mortgage lenders
including Countrywide Mortgage, Banc One Mortgage and Norwest Mortgage to
increase the number of home mortgages issued on Indian reservations nationwide
to create 1,000 new Indian homeowners over the next three years.

This will double the number of government-insured or guaranteed home mortgages
issued in Indian Country during this period.

MBA and lenders will provide training to tribally sponsored non-profit entities
to increase their capacity to originate mortgages. HUD will help prepare
training programs.

Lenders will also operate homeownership counseling programs to help Indians
become homeowners and will track the number of new mortgages closed on
reservations.

HUD, the Treasury Department, tribal governments, businesses and other federal
agencies will work together to streamline mortgage lending on Indian lands and
will open One-Stop Mortgage Centers on the Navajo Reservation in Arizona and the
Pine Ridge Reservation.

Banc One Capital Markets and George K. Baum & Company - two of the nation's
largest municipal securities underwriters - have made new commitments to
underwrite $ 300 million in bonds per year for five years to create a market for
reservation mortgages. The bonds will raise $ 1.5 billion to be loaned to
tribes, tribal housing authorities and individuals for home purchases. Such bond
offerings are used by states and cities to fund new housing and development
projects, but until now have been largely unavailable to Native Americans.

The new commitments make Banc One and Baum the largest firms to announce plans
to do business in Indian Country. If fully utilized, the $ 1.5 billion would
greatly expand the amount of capital loaned for housing on Indian lands. Baum
has already discussed four projects with tribes: a $ 2 million deal with the
Indian Housing Authority of Central California to construct 20 single-family
homes; a $ 7.5 million deal with Cook Inlet Housing Authority in Alaska to
construct up to 50 homes; a $ 10 million deal with the New Mexico Pueblos to
construct 100 homes; and a deal with the Cherokee Nation that could total $ 8
million or more.

In addition, the qualifying mortgages loaned with these funds may be placed in
Ginnie Mae securities. This will improve the credit rating of the bonds,
lowering the interest rates that Native Americans will pay on their mortgages.

In cooperation with the initiative, HUD will increase homeownership on
reservations through Ginnie Mae's Targeted Lending Initiative. Ginnie Mae, which
is part of HUD, increases the supply of affordable housing by guaranteeing
securities issued by private lenders and backed by pools of residential
mortgages insured or guaranteed by the U.S. government.

The Targeted Lending Initiative will reduce the interest rate on mortgages in
Indian Country by cutting fees that mortgage lenders pay to place their loans in
Ginnie Mae securities by up to 50 percent. The program provides a strong
incentive for mortgage lenders to do business in Indian Country and for the
first time will give Native Americans access to mainstream mortgage capital
markets. The program is now available only for Empowerment Zones and Enterprise
Communities.

HUD and the Oglala Sioux Tribe have formed a non-profit group called the Oglala
Sioux Tribe Partnership For Housing Inc. to expand homeownership opportunities
for Native Americans throughout South Dakota. The partnership has been initially
funded by a $ 2 million grant provided earlier by HUD. The new group will: 1)
Provide homebuyers with housing and credit counseling, along with information
about financing, home improvement providers and affordable housing programs. 2)
Provide some financing. 3) Act as a housing developer on the Pine Ridge
Reservation.

To ensure the success of this venture, HUD is funding two years of technical
assistance to the new group by PricewaterhouseCoopers. The assistance will
include developing loan products, providing counseling, conducting homebuyer
fairs, and providing outreach to capital markets. The partnership is already
producing results. Nineteen houses will be constructed this summer and a total
of 50 will be completed by early 2000. Basic water and sewer services as well as
roads had to be constructed and improved as part of the project.

The Federal Housing Administration, which is part of HUD, and Ginnie Mae will
work together to help make affordable housing available for about 7,500 families
throughout South Dakota by insuring and securitizing $ 650 million worth of home
mortgages over the next five years. FHA mortgage insurance gives more families
the ability to qualify.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray, a division of Thomson
              Information Services, Inc., a New York corporation



                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday

Fond du Lac Band gets $3 million loan for new resource management building

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Oct. 20--The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community will lend $3 million to the
Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa for construction of an
environmentally friendly resource-management building.

The $4.5 million building will house about 100 staff members and services for
the Band's land, environmental and conservation programs in addition to its
tribal court. The programs are currently spread out across the reservation.

"It's past due, overdue," resource management director Reginald DeFoe said of
the new building. "We're short on space -- storage space, office space. We're
cramped up in this old building."

Ground was broken for the new building in September at the intersection of Big
Lake and University roads near the tribal government center. The shell of the
building should be completed by the end of December, DeFoe said. The completion
deadline is

May 31.

The band has been planning for a new resource management building for several
years, and at one time was considering an $8 million, 32,000-square-foot
facility. DeFoe said the smaller (20,000-square-foot), less-expensive building
under construction is more appropriate for the band's needs.

The building will apply for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
certification. It will include roof-mounted solar panels to generate electricity
and energy-efficient features.

"To the extent possible, the facility will be a green building," Fond du Lac
Chairwoman Karen Diver said in a news release announcing the loan. "We've been
seeking funding for quite a while because this is something we really need.
We're very grateful to the Shakopee Mdewakanton for allowing Fond du Lac to
really stabilize this part of our tribal operations."

The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community owns and operates Mystic Lake and
Little Six casinos in Prior Lake, Minn. Over the past 12 years the tribe has
donated more than $162 million to charitable organizations and Indian tribes,
including more than $20.9 million in fiscal year 2009.

"We think this is a worthwhile project," Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community
Chairman Stanley R. Crooks said. "Taking care of tribal land and resources is
essential to asserting tribal sovereignty. As Indian tribes, we are responsible
for taking care of our land, our people and our resources so that our
grandchildren and their grandchildren as well as future generations will have a
place to call home."

A $600,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development will
also help with the project.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091020-DU-Fond-du-Lac-Band-gets-3-million-loan
-for-new-resource-management-building-1020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2009 Duluth News-Tribune


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 APRIL 12, 1999

Editorial: Five Hundred Mortgages

LENGTH: 523 words

The Department of Housing and Urban Development section 184 guaranteed mortgage
program is about to close its 500th loan. Now, five hundred mortgages since 1995
doesn't sound like a lot. But it's a start, and let's hope the program continues
to gather steam for the most underserved population in America.

The HUD 184, as readers of this column may know, is the guaranteed loan for
American Indian mortgages, the first to have done any significant business among
our Native inhabitants. For purposes of comparison, the General Accounting
Office managed to find only 91 conventional mortgages extended on tribal areas
between 1992 and 1996, and these were primarily done at two reservations where
the tribe had a significant relationship with a local lender it could leverage
into credit for its members.

In effect, no normal conventional mortgages were being extended in an area the
size of Montana, where more than a million people live. And the government
wasn't doing much better. A predecessor program to the 184, the FHA 248 loan,
did so little business on tribal homelands in the last fifteen years it was
nearly killed off last year. This fiscal year, reportedly only six FHA 248s have
closed, all in New Mexico, and a legislative move is afoot now to combine it
with the more successful 184.

Before declaring victory here, it's important to note that much of the HUD 184
volume has been in states like Alaska and Oklahoma where the reservation system
has been abolished. These loans have been made to Natives living on "fee-simple"
or private property. The government trust status of reservation land remains a
potent barrier to mortgage lending to Indians, and these vast tracts of land
remain basically untapped to conventional mortgages. Fannie Mae, for instance,
negotiated a conventional lending pilot with the Navajo Nation, but no loans
have closed in the nearly three years since it was announced.

President Clinton last year announced a "one-stop shopping" initiative to try to
break up the logjam. Key to its success is the concept of a nonprofit
intermediary on the ground. The Navajo Partnership for Housing is in place on
the nation's largest reservation, and a similar entity is starting up on the
Pine Ridge, SD, reservation of the Oglala Lakota. HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo
last year saw the dismal housing conditions at Pine Ridge, and plans a "blitz
build" of 50 homes there this summer as a kind of kickoff for the local
nonprofit. He also took the occasion of HUD's recent Native Homeownership Summit
to announce that the Government National Mortgage Association will give lenders
a servicing fee of up to three extra basis points to facilitate pooling the 184
loans into Ginnie Mae securities.

In addition, tribes are wrestling with the new Native American Housing and Self
Determination Act, which is meant to deregulate control of Indian housing money
to the tribes themselves in hopes they can leverage the money through lenders.
There was plenty of grumbling about individual aspects of NAHASDA at the summit,
but the concept itself is a splendid one, and we hope it succeeds.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 30, 2010

Tribal council passes resolution to cover BIA assistance shortfall

BYLINE: Logan Davis

LENGTH: 558  words


The lurtle Mountain Band ot Chippewa tribal council passed a unanimous
resolution last week to make a loan to assist more than 600 individual tribal
members who have been cut off their General Assistance. The loan is for $210,
000 from the Rolette State Bank. Tribal Chairman Richard Marcellais signed the
resolution last Friday.

Due to a Bureau of Indian Affairs budget shortfall again this year in the
General Assistance line item, the individual single family household recipients
of the GA program at BIA Social Services were cut off their monthly benefits.
BIA officials say that was the only decision they could make in order to keep
welfare benefits going to families with children until the end of the fiscal
year (Sept. 30). That has led to many single people, who are reliant on the
small monthly check for, in danger of getting their utilities shut off. Several
local college students at Turtle Mountain Community College were struggling to
find gas money to get to their classes last week as the first days of college
began.

"I helped out a few students with some gas money. A lot of them haven't received
their college funding yet. There are a lot of people besides the students who
are hurting because of this cut. People don't realize how much people depend on
that check when they can't find work, " stated Councilman Ted Henry.

Councilman Jim Baker, who made the motion to pass the resolution last week,
indicated that the hopes of the tribal council are that the checks for August
and September will be issued from the tribal office within a week from today.

"I spoke with bank officials on Friday and I was told that the chairman just has
to sign a few more papers and it's a done deal, " stated Councilman Baker. "A
few people are complaining; saying that we're helping out the BIA. We're not
helping the BIA, we're helping our own people who are in need. As a tribal
council, that's what we're supposed to do."

Baker said the large shortfall "hit the Tribe by surprise" and despite efforts
by the tribal leadership to hold the BIA accountable for the shortfall and find
a way to get the money in some other budget line item, the tribal council
realized they had to take matters into their own hands.

In the resolution, it states, "due to the very high unemployment rate" on the
reservation, the tribe obliges the loan to pay for two months of benefits for
the single BIA welfare assistance recipients.

According to Baker, the tribe has been able to find separate funding sources in
the past when there were shortfalls of this nature, but a new law cited by BIA
Superintendent Lyle Morin prohibits any more movement of funding in these line
items.

On a brighter note, the Department of Interior has given a verbal notice through
the office of Sen. Kent Conrad that they will assist in the BIA funding
shortfall with an emergency appropriation of $24, 000.

Word of that funding decision was received by Chairman Marcellais late Friday
afternoon from Sara Garland, Chief of Staff for Sen. Conrad. Garland had been
made aware of the budgetary need in her visit to the Turtle Mountain Chippewa
Reservation last Thursday.

Councilman Baker said that BIA and tribal officials must be aware that this same
kind of shortfall will more' than likely occur again next year so everyone must
be prepared for it 01 find some way to avert it in the future.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 18, 2015 Monday

Hearing to decide fate of settlement money

BYLINE: Forum News Service

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 603 words


FARGO -- A federal judge in Washington, D.C., has set a June 29 hearing to
consider what to do with $380 million in unclaimed funds generated in a
discrimination case against the U.S. Department of Agriculture by Native
Americans.

U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan has asked members of the class action suit
and heirs to submit comments by June 15.

The Native Americans in October 2010 settled a class action lawsuit called
Keepseagle v. Vilsack, named for Marilyn Keepseagle of the Standing Rock
Reservation in North Dakota. Other plaintiffs were Claryca Mandan, Mandaree,
N.D., of the Fort Berthold Reservation in North Dakota, and Porter Holder of
Soper, Okla.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack is the named defendant. The Keepseagle suit
claimed that the USDA discriminated against Native Americans or farm loans and
loan servicing from 1981 through 1999.

USDA agreed to a settlement in April 2011. A claims process was completed Dec.
27, 2011, and checks were mailed in 2012. Track A claimants were able to request
up to $50,000 in damages, plus Farm Service Agency loan debt forgiveness. Track
B claimants get up to $250,000, but with more documentation.

Of $680 million paid to settle the case, $380 million was not claimed. The
settlement required that any unclaimed funds be paid to a "nonprofit
organization, other than a law firm, legal services entity, or educational
institution, that have provided agricultural, business assistance, or advocacy
services to Native American farmers between 1981 and Nov. 1, 2010."

"Given the unexpectedly large amount of unclaimed funds," the class lawyers
asked USDA to modify the agreement, according to a court summary of the case.

Joseph Sellers, lead counsel in for the class, says his clients have suggested
the funds be put in a trust to disburse funds over 20 years to nonprofit
organizations, with educational entities and tribal-sponsored organizations, as
well new nonprofits, that help Native American farmers and ranchers. Decisions
on making grants would be made by a 13-member Native American board. USDA has
agreed in principle to this option.

Among the 13 people nominated to head the trust are Jim Laducer, Turtle Mountain
Chippewa in Bismarck, N.D.; Claryca Mandan of Mandaree, N.D.; and Ross Racine,
executive director of the Intertribal Agricultural Council in Billings, Mont.

Big dissent

But there are competing options, including one notable one from Keepseagle --
still a named plaintiff in the case.

Keepseagle in December 2014 proposed the unspent funds be distributed "solely as
additional damages to Track A claimants who succeeded in their claims." At the
time, Judge Sullivan asked whether this might be considered a windfall, Sellers
notes.

USDA opposes this option, Sellers says. In March 2015, Keepseagle unsuccessfully
attempted to have Mandan and Holder removed as co-lead plaintiffs, allegedly
because they objected to her proposal.

Still another option would be to pay the unclaimed funds to successful
claimants, or those denied because of a "technical defect but that warrant
reconsideration." USDA has objected to that, and has warned if that is allowed,
they might attempt to get the unspent funds returned to the U.S. treasury,
Sellers says.

The website www.indianfarmclass.com has copies of all filings and added
information. Comments should be sent to the Chambers of the Honorable Emmet G.
Sullivan, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, 333 Constitution
Ave. NW, Washington, D.C., 20001. The hearing is 9 a.m. in Courtroom 24A on the
fourth floor of the U.S. Courthouse, 333 Constitution Ave. NW, Washington, D.C.,
20001.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Payday Lenders That Used Tribal Affiliation to Illegally Garnish
Wages Settle with FTC

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Trade Commission, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A South Dakota-based payday lending operation and its owner will pay $967,740 to
the U.S. Treasury as part of a settlement resolving FTC charges that they used
unfair and deceptive tactics to collect on payday loans and forced debt-burdened
consumers to travel to South Dakota and appear before a tribal court that did
not have jurisdiction over their cases.

"Debt collectors cannot garnish consumers' wages without a court order, and they
cannot sue consumers in a tribal court that doesn't have jurisdiction over their
cases," said Jessica Rich, Director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection.
"Regardless of tribal affiliation, debt collectors must comply with federal
law."

According to the complaint filed by the FTC, Webb and his companies offered
short-term, high-fee, unsecured payday loans of $300 to $2,525 to consumers
throughout the country, advertising on television and online. The FTC charged
that defendants illegally tried to garnish consumers' wages without a court
order, and sought to manipulate the legal system and force borrowers to appear
before the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Court in South Dakota, which did not have
jurisdiction over their cases. The defendants also attempted to obtain tribal
court orders to garnish consumers' wages, according to the agency.

Under the terms of the settlement, Martin A. Webb and his companies have agreed
to a $550,000 civil penalty for violating the Credit Practices Rule - which
prohibits payday lenders from requiring borrowers to consent to have wages taken
directly out of their paychecks in the event of a default. Following a partial
judgment in favor of the FTC in September 2013, the defendants surrendered
$417,740 in ill-gotten gains stemming from their prior practice of attempting to
garnish consumers' wages without court orders.

In addition to the monetary payment imposed on the defendants, the settlement
prohibits them from further unfair and deceptive practices, and bars them from
suing any consumer in the course of collecting a debt, except for bringing a
counter suit to defend against a suit brought by a consumer.

For consumer information regarding payday loans see: Payday Loans.

In addition to Webb, the FTC's complaint and amended complaint named as
defendants Payday Financial, LLC, Great Sky Finance, LLC, Western Sky Financial,
LLC, Red Stone Financial, LLC, Financial Solutions, LLC, Management Systems,
LLC, 24-7 Cash Direct, LLC, Red River Ventures, LLC, and High Country Ventures,
LLC.

The Commission vote approving the settlement was 4-0. On April 4, 2014, the U.S.
District Court for the District of South Dakota approved the settlement and
entered a final order and judgment.

The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent,
deceptive, and unfair business practices and to provide information to help
spot, stop, and avoid them. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, visit the
FTC's online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). The
FTC enters complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure, online database
available to more than 2,000 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the
U.S. and abroad.

For more information please visit: http://www.ftc.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

Pokagon Band breaks ground on administration building

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


May 6--POKAGON TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians is
breaking ground on a new 19,000-square-foot tribal administration building
located at the tribal reservation in Pokagon Township.

The building will house the tribe's administration and member services
departments.

"Today's program is called Oshkawaban, meaning 'new morning' seeing that the
ground breaking for the tribal administration building is a great moment for the
tribe," said John Miller, tribal chair of the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi
Indians. "This building represents a new face for the tribe, and is a very deep
source of pride for all of our tribal citizens."

After four years of planning and applying for funding, construction began April
13 with completion expected by the end of the year. The project includes
construction of the building, road and parking lot, and sewer and water
improvements. The project cost is just over $5 million, with the building itself
costing nearly $4.5 million.

The new building will allow the tribe to house 50 of its 120 staff in one
building for the first time. The administration building coordinates housing,
education, health and other services for the more than 4,000 members of the
Pokagon Tribe. The staff currently operates out of more than a dozen modular
offices and other buildings.

The project was funded by several loans and grants. The funds for the
administration building were provided by a United States Development Authority
Rural Development loan. The improvements to the roads and parking lot were
funded through the BIA. The infrastructure was funded through an Indian
Community Development Block Grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

"This building belongs to the membership, employees, elders and leadership who
work hard every day on behalf of the tribe's future," said Eric Trevan, tribal
operations officer.

"The tribe has a very strong connection to the environment and is dedicated to
preserving and improving it. As such, the tribal administration building will
have little or no impact on the environment," said Alan Fricke, director of
housing and the tribe's project manager.

Some of the green initiatives of the building include:

-- Rain gardens and native prairie restoration of the triangular space between
the old and new road, as well as around the new building. The vegetation manages
storm water, reduces maintenance and provides wildlife habitat;

-- A high reflectivity roof with a high "R" rating that reduces winter heat loss
and summer heat gains;

-- A geothermal heating system to reduce energy costs and the consumption of
fossil fuels;

-- Sky lights, interior glazing, energy efficient T5 light fixtures, automated
controls inside and LED lights outside reduce energy consumption and increase
the comfort of space;

-- On-site wastewater treatment and groundwater recharge;

-- Recycled materials for aggregate, ceiling tiles and insulation to reduce
landfill waste and to use natural resources;

-- Lumber from renewable resources located close to the site. This is done to
preserve old growth timber and to reduce the use of fossil fuels for
transportation;

-- Low VOC (volatile organic compound) sealants and paints, plus green label
carpet to improve indoor air quality;

-- Operable windows and HVAC controls to maximize occupant comfort.

The project employs several regional contractors. Three Michigan contractors
have been hired: Wightman and Associates from Benton Harbor to serve as the
tribe's engineer and architect; Peters Construction Company based in Kalamazoo
as the contractor for the roads and parking lot; and Lounsbury Excavating out of
Paw Paw to build the infrastructure. Two firms out of South Bend, Ind., are also
on the project team: Majority Builders are the contractors and Joseph A. Dzierla
and Associates, Inc., who serves as the contractors' architect.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090506-IC-POKAGON-TRIBAL-HQ-20090506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                           December 1, 2004 Wednesday

Around Town: Shiprock, Towaoc, Washington, Aztec, Bloomfield

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 554 words


SHIPROCK

CCSD board candidate

training offered

A training session will be held at 6:30 p.m. Dec. 13 in the Shiprock Board Room
(inside Career Preparatory Alternative High School) for prospective school board
candidates of the Central School District who are interested in running in the
Feb. 1 Special Election. The training session, which will cover the roles and
responsibilities of CCSD school board members, will be conducted by school board
President Randy Manning.

The two board seats open for candidate filings are in District 1, the seat
filled by Manning which covers Kirtland and part of Fruitland, and District 4,
currently held by board member Gary Ray. District 4 covers part of Fruitland,
and Upper Fruitland, Ojo Amarillo, Nenahnezad and part of Sanostee.

Information: (505) 368-4984.

TOWAOC, Colo.

Man gets 9 years

for stabbing death

A Ute Mountain Ute tribal member, Nathanial Taylor, aka "Bubbs", 23, of Towaoc
was sentenced Tuesday by U.S. District Court Judge Wiley Y. Daniel to serve nine
years in federal prison for the Nov. 25, 1998, second-degree murder of Richard
Bearshead.

Taylor pled guilty on Oct. 27, 2003. Two other defendants also charged with the
murder, Toby Wayne Cuthair, 28, and Darrell G. Ketchum, 26, both of Towaoc, have
previously been sentenced, John W. Suthers, U.. Attorney for the District of
Colorado, and Phillip B.J. Reid, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation's Denver office said.

On Nov. 25, 1998, Richard Bearshead, a member of the Ute Mountain Ute Indian
Tribe, was found beaten and stabbed to death in the driveway of his home on the
Ute Mountain Ute Indian Reservation.  The subsequent investigation led
authorities to Cuthair, Taylor and Ketchum.

WASHINGTON

Native American vets

get home loan extension

The U.S. House has sent a bill, H.R. 5153, to President Bush for final
signature, after being passed last week.

The bill extends a Veterans Affairs Home loan program that services Native
American homeowners for three more years.

First established in 1993, Veterans Affairs Direct Home Loans for Native
American Veterans can be used to purchase, construct, or improve a home on
Native American trust land.

These loans may also be used to simultaneously purchase and improve a home or to
refinance another VA direct loan made under this program in order to lower the
interest rate.

Veteran Affairs direct loans are generally limited to the cost of the home or
$80,000, whichever is less.

AZTEC

The Aztec Fire Department's annual Christmas Program (Operation Santa Claus) is
now taking donations of canned goods, turkeys and non-perishable food items. We
also need unwrapped gifts of monetary donations. This program helps needy
families who live in the Aztec School District. We will be taking donations
through Dec. 24. People may also bring donations to the Aztec Fire Department
after 7 p.m. Wednesday evenings.

Information: Theresa Simpson, 334-9345 or Kevin, Linda or Ruth, 334-1180.

BLOOMFIELD

Bloomfield's Police Athletic League will be hosting a Christmas Bazaar at the
Bloomfield Cultural Center, 333 First St., from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday. Buy
crafts and unique gifts for Christmas for that special person. Support
Bloomfield Police Department's Police Athletic League.

Information: 632-6311.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 30, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

SACRED ARTIFACTS;
Coeur d'Alene Tribe prepares;
to showcase mission's history

BYLINE: Alison Boggs alisonb@spokesman.com, (208) 765-7132

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 617 words


A Smithsonian Institution conservator gently unwrapped a 110-year-old doll
Thursday, preparing it for installation in a new exhibit at Old Mission State
Park in Cataldo, Idaho.

"It's something coming back to us," Coeur d'Alene tribal elder Felix Aripa said
of the doll crafted by a tribe member. "I say welcome home," he said as he
watched Greta Hansen of the National Museum of Natural History lay three dolls -
a Native American man, woman and child - on a table.

Sitting beside Aripa was tribal member Bertha Swan, whose great-grandfather,
tribal Second Chief Peter Wildshoe, commissioned a tribal member to create the
dolls for the Smithsonian in 1901. Through a correspondence with Campbell
Babcock, a U.S. Army lieutenant from the Vancouver Barracks, the dolls and six
baskets were donated to the national museum in Washington, D.C.

The dolls will become part of the new exhibit,"Sacred Encounters: Father De Smet
and the Indians of the Rocky Mountain West," which opens to the public Oct. 15.
It includes artifacts and historical items borrowed from museums and collections
from around the world and tells the story of how Pierre John De Smet of Belgium
met the Salish tribes of the Inland Northwest in 1841-'42.

The dolls are on loan from the Smithsonian and will remain for a couple of years
until they can be replicated by tribal artisans.

"Cataldo, through the Jesuits, the missionaries, was the true base of this whole
Inland Empire," Aripa said. "From this very place, we were given the true faith
we follow up to this day."

A $3.26 million visitor center was constructed at Old Mission State Park to
house the 5,000-square-foot exhibit, which traveled the West from 1993 to 1997.
After tribal members saw it in Missoula, the Association for Sacred Encounters
was formed to raise money for the visitor center and to mount the exhibit. Among
the association's members are representatives of the Roman Catholic Diocese of
Boise, the Idaho Department of Parks and Recreation, the Coeur d'Alene Tribe and
private citizens.

When the exhibit closed 13 years ago, the Coeur d'Alene Tribe bought it for
$2million, said Lisa Watt, project manager and principal with Tribal Museum
Planners and Consultants of Portland.

The exhibit unfolds in nine different scenes, brought to life with video, music
and photographs. Among the items on display are Jesuit rings from 1750, the
original letter from De Smet to his father saying he'd come to America to become
a priest, an Indian woman's dress from the late 1800s and beaded men's shirts.

At the end, a video production called "Closing the Circle: The People Today"
shows Coeur d'Alene and Bitterroot Salish elders talking about the past and
about the relationship between Christianity and Native spirituality and the
survival of Indian tradition and identity.

One of the photographs on the wall is that of 93-year-old Coeur d'Alene tribal
member Marie Irene Seltice Lowley, who is still active with the tribe's language
program. Her granddaughter, Jennifer Fletcher, is editor of the Coeur d'Alene
Tribe's newspaper, Council Fires. Using a Coeur d'Alene word for grandmother,
Fletcher said her "yaya" has always made her proud.

"When I walked in here and saw her picture on the wall, it made me tear up,"
Fletcher said.

Bertha Swan, front left, was on hand for the installation of the three dolls at
the Cataldo Mission in Cataldo, Idaho, on Thursday. She is the
great-granddaughter of former Coeur d'Alene Second Chief Peter Wildshoe.

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

"Sacred Encounters: Father De Smet and the Indians of the Rocky Mountain West"
will open to the public on Oct. 15 at Old Mission State Park. For information,
call (208) 682-3814.

GRAPHIC: Map of area

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                            April 21, 2004 Wednesday

Sovereignty waived by Navajos for bank

BYLINE: Jim Snyder, The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 606 words


The Daily Times

WINDOW ROCK, Ariz. - The Navajo Nation Council passed legislation Tuesday 70-5
to waive its sovereign immunity with the Native American Bank in Denver in order
to get future loans. It needed at least 59 votes - a two-third majority of the
88-member Council - to pass.

The action was necessary to meet federal banking regulations, said Delegate
Lawrence Platero, who was the bill's sponsor and is chairman of the Council's
Economic Development Committee.

"Federal regulations prohibit the Native American Bank to deal with enterprises
and corporations of the Navajo Nation," he told the Council.

The bank has not been able to loan the Navajo Nation money - while its sovereign
immunity was in place - because the tribe is a stockholder in the bank, Native
American Bank president and chief executive officer John H. Beirise said.

The Navajo Nation initially invested $1 million in stock - not a deposit - when
the bank opened in 2001. Nine other Native American and Alaskan tribes also
purchased a total of $9 million in stock. The Navajo Nation has a 9.9 percent
voting right in the bank and a seat on its board of directors. The bank has $42
million in assets. Its loan profile is $32 million.

The bank was created to serve the country's 560 Native American tribes much like
a community bank might serve south Denver, Beirise told the Council.

"It's legal lending limit is not quite $1 million per loan," he said, adding 30
percent of loans made to Native Americans have some sort of federal guarantee.

"Ninety percent of our deposits come from outside of Indian Country," Beirise
said. "Banking regulations say in order to protect depositors they have to have
a way to get their money back in the event something goes wrong."

Beirise also said, "We want to do business with you. Unfortunately we are kind
of handcuffed by federal regulators on how we deal with inside shareholders."

James Fitting, assistant attorney general with the Navajo Nation, told the
Council, "We can't borrow money from the bank we own and then raise the bar on
sovereign immunity in order to prevent paying back the loan. We're not
responding to tribal law. We're responding to federal regulators who established
the bank."

The sovereign immunity applies only to loans the Navajo Nation government takes
out with the bank and not to individual Navajos, according to the legislation.

"What we're doing is strengthening your sovereignty because we believe economic
sovereignty is an underpinning for political sovereignty," Beirise said to the
Council shortly before the vote.

Several delegates expressed concern about waiving sovereign immunity but said
they would support the legislation because the benefit outweighed everything
else.

"I feel the Navajo Nation needs to step into the area of banking," Delegate
Larry Anderson said. "I believe the Native American Bank entity here is part of
that entity that will help us in the long run. ... We're going to have to open
some doors with banking institutions across the country."

Delegate LoRenzo Bates added, "I am against waiving sovereignty, but when you
consider the benefits and making the Navajo Nation more business friendly, this
is a step in the right direction."

Council Speaker Lawrence Morgan drew a point of order from the Council floor
when he gave a personal opinion against waiving sovereign immunity just seconds
before the vote was to be cast.

Tuesday was the second day of the Council's weeklong spring session at the
Council Chamber.

[cut]

Native American Bank on the Web:

www.nabna.com

Jim Snyder: jims@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: KeyCorp Unit to Lend $10.5M on Reservations

                            August 19, 1996, Monday

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Key Bank of Washington has committed $10.5 million to make home loans on Indian
reservations in the Pacific Northwest.

Under the program, KeyBank will buy $10.5 million of bonds from a state agency,
which will use the proceeds to make loans to Native Americans guaranteed by the
federal Department of Housing and Urban Development. The bonds will be rated Aaa
by Moody's Investors Service and AAA by Standard & Poor's. It is the first
Indian housing bond issue to be rated by the agencies.

KeyBank executives said the program would help overcome several roadblocks that
have limited credit availability to Native Americans. These include cultural and
sovereignty issues as well as problems traditionally faced by lenders in
extending credit on properties where the underlying land cannot be held as
collateral.

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 137 words

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 22, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Lost Trust: Billions Go Uncounted;
Indians in Century-Old Fight to Tally Money Owed for Land Use

BYLINE: Ellen Nakashima and Neely Tucker, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1844 words


In the whispering grasslands of North Dakota, Tex Hall's family has grazed
cattle for four generations. More than a century ago, most of their land was
among Indian acreage taken by the U.S. government, held in trust and leased to
strangers. When Hall was a boy, his parents, members of the
Mandan-Hidatsa-Arikara tribes, would await the arrival of a U.S. Treasury check
each December.

Sometimes the check was for $ 5,000. The next year, perhaps $ 4,000. Another
year, another sum. His mother wondered why the amounts varied. The yellow
government envelope contained no explanation.

His father would call the Bureau of Indian Affairs. "We'll get back to you," the
local officials said. But they never did. The frustration would mount. "I want
an accounting!" his father would shout, startling his eight children.

Now the parents are dead, and, come December, it is Hall and his remaining six
brothers and sisters who await the checks. The amounts still vary, and the Halls
still have no explanation. They are among hundreds of thousands of Indians in
the West whose lands were taken into government trust -- and now lie at the
center of one of the most intractable accounting messes in U.S. history.

For more than a century, ranchers, miners and loggers have contracted with the
government to harvest timber, graze cattle and extract oil, gas and minerals
from Indian land; the money paid the government is supposed to be forwarded to
each landowner. But from the beginning, the government paid little attention to
which landowner was owed what. Over time, as Indians died and land was divided
among heirs, the accounting problems grew exponentially. Tribes and individuals
have never been sure they were getting their due.

"To this day, when I get my check there is nothing that shows what tract of land
it's for," said Hall, president of the National Congress of American Indians.
"Isn't that crazy?"

Congress has tried to fix the system and failed. Accounting firm Arthur Andersen
was paid $ 20 million in the early 1990s to reconcile tribal accounts and
failed. The Interior Department, which oversees the BIA, tried to fix the
system. It, too, failed and ended up in court with individual account holders.
Evidence made it clear that relevant documents were shredded and e-mails
deleted. Already, two Clinton Cabinet members have been found in contempt of
court, and now Interior Secretary Gale A. Norton and 40 deputies face contempt
charges.

That case -- one of the largest class action lawsuits in history in terms of
plaintiffs -- was filed six years ago to secure a reckoning of 300,000 accounts
belonging to individual Native Americans. In separate litigation, tribes are
seeking similar treatment for about 1,400 tribal accounts.

The government, the Native Americans contend, still cannot provide an accurate
balance sheet for a single one.

"We call this the Indian Enron case," Hall said. Even that may fail to capture
the scope of an accounting disaster that has shaped the lives and lands of
Indians since the 1820s.

Plaintiffs in the class action, led by Elouise Cobell, treasurer of the
Blackfeet Indians in Montana, say they are owed at least $ 10 billion. U.S.
District Judge Royce C. Lamberth has already found the government breached its
fiduciary duty to the Indians; he is considering how the system might be
repaired and will later determine damages.

At least 18 tribal suits were filed in January and February, claiming billions
of dollars in damages and seeking an accounting of their own. But there is no
consensus on how to accomplish either an accounting dating back more than a
century or a long-term fix for the future -- or even a settlement.

Norton wants to create an agency to overhaul the trust fund -- the Bureau of
Indian Trust Asset Management (BITAM). Cobell wants the judge to appoint an
independent receiver, which would focus solely on the individual accounts. A
task force of 36 tribal leaders is considering calling for legislation that
would create a body akin to a Resolution Trust Corp., which restored the savings
and loan industry in the 1980s and which would address both tribal and
individual accounts.

Some lawmakers are proposing their own fix. Senate Majority Leader Thomas A.
Daschle (D-S.D.) and Sens. Tim Johnson (D-S.D.) and John McCain (R-Ariz.)
introduced legislation Friday to create an Interior Department position of
deputy secretary for trust management and reform to handle all trust fund
duties, and to make it easier for tribes to directly manage or co-manage their
own trust funds, which few tribes do now.

"The way these trust fund holders have been treated . . . is a national
disgrace," said Rep. Tom Udall (D-N.M.), whose district includes large numbers
of Navajo. "If 40,000 people were cut off Social Security, there would be an
uproar in Congress."

The problem dates to the early 19th century, when the government began putting
tribal land in trust. Accounting problems were cited as early as 1828. Then,
with the 1887 Dawes Act, the government began breaking up Western tribal land
into allotments to individual Indians. That law was a means of winning land for
white settlers. Typically, the government would declare land "surplus" and pay
the Indians -- who often did not see land as something that could be bought or
sold -- a pittance.

Within 50 years, Native Americans lost more than 135,000 square miles of land --
roughly the area of Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island and the District of Columbia combined. The remaining 57 million acres, 47
million of which is tribal land, has been held in trust by the government.

Companies or individuals who want to extract the oil or minerals from the
property or graze cattle on it sign leases with the local BIA superintendent and
pay the Office of Trust Fund Management in Albuquerque, which manages the
accounts. The accounts pay interest, though investments are limited to
government securities.

Over the decades, the government gave the accounts low priority, spreading
records across dozens of poorly kept warehouses across the country, where fires,
floods and insects destroyed them. Compounding the problem is the fact that most
Indians die without wills, leaving a probate court or administrative law judge
to divide the land among the heirs. The number of accounts has increased
exponentially with each generation, while each owner's share of the land has
become correspondingly smaller.

Today, there is a backlog of more than 20,000 probate cases. Property
inspections are not done on time or not done at all. Appraisals are figured on a
computer in a regional office, often without a site visit. Surveys are sometimes
based on traditional boundaries, as in "Go to the old oak tree." There is no way
to ensure that account holders are receiving the highest value for their leases,
no way to know when money is owed an account holder, no central location to get
information on a single account.

"You have to talk to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to find out what's going on
with the land management and the lease," NCAI attorney John Dossett said. "To
find out how much money is in your account, you have to talk to the Office of
Trust Fund Management. . . . One office supposedly knows how much is to come in.
The other office is supposed to know how much actually came in." And in most
cases, he said, they don't know either.

In 1972, the BIA announced it had lost the ability to reconcile the tribal trust
accounts. In the early 1980s, the General Accounting Office, the Interior
Department's inspector general and Price Waterhouse issued reports urging
reforms. Interior created the Branch of Trust Fund Accounting in 1985 to handle
all trust accounting duties. Then in 1991, the department created the Office of
Trust Fund Management to oversee all trust fund investment and accounting
duties. The next year, Congress issued a report urging reform, and in 1994, it
passed the American Indian Trust Reform Management Act, setting up a special
trustee within Interior to develop a new management plan.

Reports gathered dust. The bureaucracy expanded. Still, there was no broad
solution.

By 1996, Cobell had had enough. She sued to force the government to account for
all royalties due since 1887 to individual Indians and their heirs.

Norton said her department is developing a long-term plan to improve the
security of individual Indian trust data. In February, she told Congress that
the agency would upgrade individual trust fund technology systems by 2005.

"Indian trust asset management responsibility is a very high priority for the
department," Norton said. "The tribes, Interior and the Congress have to
reconcile the competing principles associated with trust responsibility and
self-determination."

But the government's lack of progress over the past six years has infuriated
Judge Lamberth. He has found that government lawyers have misled the court so
often that he held Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and Treasury Secretary
Robert E. Rubin in contempt during the Clinton administration and placed the
individual trust system under his oversight for five years.

In December, Lamberth ordered the Interior Department to shut down Web sites
that linked to the trust funds after discovering computer security was so lax
that the accounts could be hacked into. The department responded by yanking all
its Web sites, even for vacationers making camping reservations in Yellowstone
and other parks.

Five months later, checks are still not going out to tens of thousands of
Indians. The BIA's Land Records and Information System (LRIS), which records all
probate and lease changes, remains off-line, blocking new transactions and
"choking" the Indian economy, as Hall puts it.

A series of lawsuits filed over the last decade hints at the scale of lost
Indian income. In Minnesota, the Red Lake Band of Chippewa won $ 80 million in
two cases for underpayment of forestry land fees. After the Jicarilla Apache
nation sued over the handling of its oil and gas leases and began auditing its
own leases, royalties rose more than $ 53 million over 10 years.

Cobell said that if all royalties due for individual accounts since 1877 were
totaled, they would amount to more than $ 100 billion in current dollars. Even
if the government could account for 90 percent of that, at least $ 10 billion
would still be missing, she said.

Some former government officials doubt the plaintiffs can prove losses in that
range or that the government would pay that much. "Any settlement is not going
to be $ 10 billion," said Kevin Gover, a Pawnee Indian and former assistant
secretary for Indian affairs, who was held in contempt in 1999. "It's not going
to be a lot of money, and you're going to see a lot of extremely unhappy
people."

It would not be impossible to fashion a reckoning, Cobell said. "Go back to the
original allotment and come forward," she said. "Determine who the heirs are.
This is not hard to do. Hire crisis managers. They do it every day in the
outside world."

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 17, 2008 Monday

So far, local colleges not feeling the squeeze

BYLINE: SARA KINCAID Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 725 words


It'll take time for the economy to affect higher education in North Dakota.

The three institutions in Bismarck have started to see some repercusions, but
not to the extent of the rest of the country.

"North Dakota and a good part of South Dakota have not felt the impact of the
rest of the country," UnitedTribes Technical College President David Gipp said.

Generally, investments were left unscathed and no cuts were made to federal and
state funding. This allows institutions to proceed as they were before the
financial crisis.

By the end of next year, the effects of the financial crisis could reach to
North Dakota, Gipp said. The changes could be felt by students in the form of
tuition increases and the availability of financial aid.

For UnitedTribes, the next year could see a change with the Obama administration
funding the college as it does other tribal colleges. Gipp said he is hopeful
that the next administration will fund a new law that provides federal funding
for UnitedTribes Technical College and Navajo Technical College in Crownpoint,
N.M.

Rising national unemployment could have little effect on enrollment at the
tribal college. The students already come from reservation areas with 15 percent
to 20 percent unemployment. It is possible they could see more American Indians
who live off the reservation, in urban areas. They've already seen an increase
in students from non-reservation areas.

Students at UTTC are finding scholarship and grant money harder to come by.
There is less education money available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and
tribal governments to pay for American Indian students' education. The decline
in resources comes at a time when tribes have a larger population of people
under 25 years old.

"Out of necessity, our students have to work," Gipp said.

UTTC offers federal work study and institutional work study for students.
Students also can pay for tuition, fees and housing with scholarships, grants or
education loans.

United Tribes does not participate in the federal loan program, although it is
considering participation in the future. The college has not participated in the
federal loan program because of concerns about saddling students with debt that
could be difficult to repay. Only one tribal college out of of 37 in the country
offers student loans.

Students at Bismarck State College and the University of Mary also have seen
fewer lenders available for education loans. It does not concern administrators
at those institutions because many loans are made through the Bank of North
Dakota or other regionally known banks.

"Local banks are doing a good job," said Dave Hanson, University of Mary
associate director of financial assistance. Private and alternative lenders have
tightened lending standards, which has affected students.

He expects more students to take private loans than they have in the past
because of changes in their parents' situation. More students filled out the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid, known as the FAFSA, this semester
compared to past semesters.

Every student at the University of Mary receives some form of financial aid,
either as a scholarship or grant. The Stafford Loan limits were increased. The
number of private loans is down from last year. Students also can take out
unsubsidized loans, which accrue interest from the time a student takes out the
loan, compared to a subsidized loan, which starts accruing interest after a
student leaves school.

Bismarck State College, by its nature, fares better in worsening economic times
than prosperous economic times. More people go back to college at a community
college when there are fewer economic opportunities, BSC vice president Dave
Clark said. Enrollment this fall was up 5 percent.

BSC is required to use the Bank of North Dakota for investments and it has not
been hit by the financial crisis like the rest of the country.

"We might not have the top-notch returns," Clark said. "In this case, that is a
good thing."

Generally speaking, more conservative investments have lower rates of return
than more aggressive investments.

At UnitedTribes, tuition could increase in the future, as well as student fees,
which have stayed the same for 15 years, Gipp said.

(Reach reporter Sara Kincaid at 250-8251 or sara.kincaid@bismarcktribune.com.)
@Headline bold:So far, local colleges not feeling the squeeze

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Attorney General Kane files lawsuit over alleged illegal payday loan scheme

LENGTH: 637  words


Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane today announced a consumer protection lawsuit
against a Texas-based company for allegedly engineering an illegal payday loan
scheme over the Internet. According to the lawsuit, the defendants allegedly
targeted Pennsylvania consumers in violation of state law.


The civil lawsuit was filed in the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County
against Think Finance Inc. (formerly ThinkCash), TC Loan Services LLC, Elevate
Credit Inc., Financial U LLC and former Chief Executive Officer Kenneth E. Rees.
Rees and the companies use an address of 4150 International Plaza, Suite 400,
Fort Worth, Texas.
Payday loans, which typically charge interest rates as high as 200 or 300
percent, are illegal in Pennsylvania.  According to the lawsuit, Think Finance
targets consumers in Pennsylvania using three Native American tribes, who
function as the apparent lender, as a cover. In turn, Think Finance earns
significant revenues from various services it charges to the tribes.
According to the lawsuit, before establishing these tribal partnerships, the
company allegedly used the cover of a rogue bank based in Center City
Philadelphia, in what is commonly referred to as a "rent-a-bank" scheme, until
the federal government shut down the bank.
A Think Finance press release in 2013 stated the company had more than $500
million in revenues  - up from $100 million in 2010 - and had provided more than
$3.5 billion in loans to 1.5 million consumers in the U.S. and internationally.

Also named in the lawsuit is an Internet marketer, Selling Source LLC, which
used its "MoneyMutual" website and television commercials to generate online
leads for high-rate lenders, including at least one tribal lender.
Selling Source allegedly made referrals of Pennsylvania residents to the scheme
for a commission, even after it was ordered to stop those referrals in a 2011
agreement with the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. The lawsuit also includes
various debt collectors as defendants, including the Washington-based law firm
of Weinstein, Pinson and Riley PS, Cerastes LLC and National Credit Adjusters
LLC, which are allegedly utilized to collect debts derived from illegal loans.
Attorney General Kane explained that in operating and participating in the
scheme, the defendants are accused of violating several Pennsylvania laws
including the Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, the Corrupt
Organizations Act and the Fair Credit Extension Uniformity Act.  In the lawsuit,
the Attorney General is seeking, among other things:
Injunctive relief to prohibit defendants from violating Pennsylvania law;
Restitution for all consumers harmed by the scheme;
Civil penalties of up to $1,000 for each violation of Pennsylvania law;
Civil penalties of up to $3,000 for each violation involving a senior citizen;
and
Notification of credit bureaus to remove all negative information related to the
scheme and all references to any of the defendants from consumers' credit
reports.
Attorney General Kane said the Bureau of Consumer Protection has already
received information from numerous complaints against these companies, and she
believes there are many more victims who have not yet filed a complaint.
"Any Pennsylvania residents with problems or complaints involving payday loans
or related debt collection should get in touch with us immediately," said
Attorney General Kane.
Consumers can call the Attorney General's toll-free consumer protection hotline
at 1-800-441-2555.
The lawsuit was submitted for filing in the Court of Common Pleas of
Philadelphia County by Deputy Attorney General Saverio P. Mirarchi of the
Attorney General's Bureau of Consumer Protection.  Assisting him, as Special
Counsel, is the Philadelphia law firm Langer Grogan & Diver PC. 2014 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 26, 1999 Sunday

LENGTH: 398 words


FARGO Caterpillar buys parts business Caterpillar Inc. has purchased Surplus
Tractor Parts Inc., a three-generation family business here. Rachele Kunz, a
Caterpillar spokeswoman in Peoria, Ill., said the long-time Fargo business is
now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Caterpillar, and is known formally as All Parts
International Inc. Ronald Goodman, former president and chief executive officer
for Surplus Tractor Parts, is now the local manager for All Parts International.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed. All Parts International ships parts
worldwide, but primarily in North America through Caterpillar's dealer network,
Kunz said. The company remains based in Fargo and has 15 full-time employees.
Since the acquisition, the company has added to the staff, increased inventory
and upgraded systems, Kunz said.

-- Associated Press

BISMARCK Judge dismisses tribal lawsuit A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit
filed by a Garrison woman against Three Affiliated Tribes Chairman Tex Hall and
the tribal business council. Judge Patrick Conmy dismissed the lawsuit filed by
Alva Rose Hall, saying the issue is a fight between tribal members and elected
tribal government officials ""and at a minimum must be presented first in tribal
court.'' Alva Rose Hall contended the tribe spent interest money from a fund
established to compensate the tribe for land taken when the Garrison Dam was
built more than 50 years ago -- without conducting a vote of enrolled tribal
members. Tribal officials said they used the money as security to obtain loans
but never spent the interest money. Conmy did not rule on the facts of the case.
-- Associated Press

GRAND FORKS Murder weapon may have been stolen Investigators are looking into
the possibility that the rifle used in a fatal shooting might have been stolen.
Grand Forks Police Detective Mike Sholes said he is working with the FBI's
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms division to trace two weapons belonging to
18-year-old Todd Wiertzema.The teen is accused of killing Joshua McMullen, also
18, at Wiertzema's home last Sunday. In addition to the rifle that investigators
believe was used in the shooting, agents are checking on a semi-automatic pistol
that was found in Wiertzema's possession, Sholes said. The detective said
Wiertzema did not steal the weapons, but investigators want to know where the
previous owner got them. -- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Congressional Panel Is Expected to Pass A Bill to Finance Loans to Indians

                           January 26, 1988, Tuesday

By John J. Doran

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 25


A Senate committee is expected in early March to pass a bill creating a
federally chartered corporation that would issue stocks and bonds to get capital
to make loans exclusively to American Indian tribal enterprises, the committee's
staff director said today.

"This bill has high priority for passage this year," said Allan R. Parker, staff
director for the Senate Select Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. Parker said he
expects the committee to pass the measure within the next six weeks and both the
House and Senate to pass it in June.

Mr. Parker made his remarks today at a committee staff meeting concerning a
number of changes in the bill that have been introduced since last year.

The bill, sponsored on the Senate side by the committee's chairman, Sen. Daniel
K. Inouye, D-Hawaii, would establish the Indian Development Finance Corp. to
provide capital for Indian tribal business enterprises. The corporation is
modeled after the World Bank, Mr. Parker said.

Rep. Bill Richardson, D-N.M., sponsored a similar bill pending in the House
Interior and Insular Affairs Committee. A committee staff member said today that
he expects the House committee to accept most of the new provisions in the
Senate version of the bill. He also said he expects the committee to pass the
House version late next month.

In addition to selling 2.5 million shares of stock at $50 a share to provide
start-up capital, the corporation would also be authorized to issue short- and
long-term taxable debt.

The measure stipulates that at least 51% of a tribal enterprise financed with a
corporation loan must be owned by the tribe and that the enterprise must be
located on or adjacent to the reservation. If these conditions are not met, then
the corporation must determine that the principal business activities of the
tribe's enterprise will be directly beneficial to the tribe or to its economy.
This clause would allow tribes to finance business enterprises off the
reservation.

In addition, the tribe must be a member of the corporation to receive the loans.

To be a member, tribes must purchase corporation stock. The corporation would
offer all American Indian tribes a chance to buy a proportional percentage of
the 500,000 shares it has earmarked for this purpose. The corporation board may
make arrangements with the purchasing tribe to accept 10% of the payment in cash
or cash-equivalent securities and 90% as a callable commitment.

The federal government would be required to purchase two million nonvoting
shares at $50, of which 20% would be paid in cash and 80% would be callable.

One source close to the committee said passage of the measure could spur tribal
governments to be more active in the municipal bond market. "Because of the need
for infrastructure to service private enterprise," tribes will need to build
roads, sewers, and bridges, the source said.

The revenues garnered from the profits of the tribal enterprises would also
create the capital needed to support debt service payments on bond issues, the
source said. In addition, business activities that cannot be financed with
tax-exempt private activity bonds may be financed with loans from the
corporation.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 538 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                                 July 16, 2007

Big award affirmed in 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on lawyer's pro bono
work

BYLINE: Heather Cole

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437  words


St. Louis Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal attorney Roger Heidenreich spent about
200 hours on a case whose award recently was upheld by a federal appeals court,
but his firm won't see a dime.

In a June 26 opinion, the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed a Sioux
tribal court award of $750,000 for Ronnie and Lila Long, members of the Cheyenne
River Sioux Tribe and co-owners of a ranch on the tribe's reservation in South
Dakota.

The Longs had sued Plains Commerce Bank of Hoven, S.D., claiming the bank
discriminated against them and withheld promised operating loans.

South Dakota native Heidenreich worked pro bono on the discrimination and breach
of contract case with Washington University associate law Professor Steve Gunn,
several of the university's law school students and tribal attorney Thomas Van
Norman of Eagle Butte, S.D.

The withheld loan would have allowed the Longs to save the 500 cattle that died
in blizzards in the brutal winter of 1996 and 1997, according to a press release
from the law school. Because of the loss of the cattle, the Longs were unable to
re-purchase land that had been deeded to the bank in return for canceling some
debt and making additional loans to the ranch, according to the opinion, which
was written by Judge Diana Murphy and signed by judges Roger Wollman and John
Gibson. A tribal court jury awarded the Longs $750,000 plus interest and the
right to purchase the 960 acres they continued to occupy. A federal district
court sided with the Longs when the bank challenged the tribal court's
jurisdiction.

The opinion and the case are about helping tribal members hang onto their land,
Heidenreich said. "It's an important victory not only for the Longs, but for the
tribe, to be able to adjudicate their commercial relationships," Heidenreich
said.

The bank held that it did not discriminate, and that the tribal court did not
have jurisdiction over it as a non-member of the tribe, said David Von Wald, an
attorney with the Von Wald Law Offices in Hoven who represented the bank with
attorneys from Minneapolis-based Lindquist & Vennum.

Plains Commerce Bank has not said whether it will try to have the matter taken
up by the U.S. Supreme Court, Von Wald said.

If the bank does appeal, the Longs' lawyers may have a tough battle. The Longs'
case is rare in that it met the narrow criteria for tribal court jurisdiction
over non-members outlined in a 1981 Supreme Court ruling in Montana v. United
States, Gunn said.

"The unique thing about the opinion is that it comes against a backdrop of
Supreme Court hostility to the assertion of tribal court jurisdiction over
non-members. "

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

College of Law alum establishes new American Indian economic program

LENGTH: 338  words


Thanks to his gift, Robert Rosette, an ASU Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law
alumnus and the founder of the law firm Rosette, LLP, has made it possible to
establish the Rosette, LLP, American Indian Economic Development Program. The
program is housed in the College of Law's Indian Legal Program and the inaugural
director of the program is professor Robert Miller.


The Rosette, LLP, American Indian Economic Development Program will include a
law school curriculum for students; host an annual national conference focusing
on tribal economic development for attorneys, tribal leaders and members, policy
makers, entrepreneurs, and developers and financial advisers; and incorporate a
community outreach component.
"Robert has devoted his law career to issues involving tribal economic
development," said Doug Sylvester, College of Law dean. "This program is a
wonderful addition to our Indian Legal Program and will help us expand the reach
of our newest ILP faculty member, Robert Miller."
Miller's areas of expertise are civil procedure; federal Indian law; American
Indians and international law; American Indian economic development; and Native
American natural resources. An enrolled citizen of the Eastern Shawnee Tribe of
Oklahoma, he is the chief justice of the Court of Appeals of the Grand Ronde
Tribe, and sits as a judge for other tribes. Before joining the Sandra Day
O'Connor College of Law in 2013, Miller was on the faculty of Lewis & Clark Law
School in Portland, Oregon.
Rosette formed Rosette, LLP, to exclusively represent Indian tribal governments
in all facets of federal Indian law, including finance, commercial transactions
and economic development. He has helped to raise more than $4 billion in
economic development and governmental infrastructure projects for more than 30
tribes in eight states. Rosette has raised capital through direct bank loans,
taxable and tax-exempt bond financing, venture capital, development loans,
bridge financing and more for his tribal clients.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Sioux ranchers tired of ill treatment

BYLINE: LAUREN DONOVAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 506 words


Officer with Farm Service Agency draws criticism

FORT YATES Sioux County ranchers feel they're being mistreated and in some cases
belittled by a Farm Service Agency loan officer.

The ranchers told members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribal council Tuesday they
need help getting through to whoever can help with the situation.

Seven ranchers some tribal members and others not told councilmen Henry Harrison
and Mike Faith that problems primarily involve a new loan officer, Carol Nagel,
who yells, points her finger, nit-picks loan applications and has some too
intimidated or fed up to use the agency anymore.

The FSA office is in Selfridge and recently underwent a change in staff when a
longtime loan officer had health problems.

Councilman Harrison said ranchers' concerns would be reported to tribal Chairman
Charles Murphy, who planned to contact FSA state Director Aaron Krauter.

He also asked ranchers to document their problems and send them to U.S. Sen.
Byron Dorgan.

Krauter said he was surprised the meeting was called since he believed issues
with the staff were resolved at a March meeting he attended with some council
members and Selfridge staff.

"If someone is improperly treated, that's not the way we do businesses and I'll
deal with it," Krauter said.

He said he has confidence in the Selfridge office and said he increased staff to
handle a heavy workload.

"They're making good loans and good plans for borrowers to be successful,"
Krauter said. "We're in contact every day."

Nagel was not available for comment, and the Selfridge office said any response
would come from Krauter.

However, LouAnne Kling, an American Indian Credit Outreach worker, said she's
worked for 25 years all over the country with American Indians and farm lending
programs.

She said the new loan staff at Selfridge is an issue.

"All of sudden it's by the book. It's ridiculous, some things they're saying and
doing," she said. "Some of the treatment has been horrendous."

Mike and Christine Sandland, of rural Selfridge, said they've been made to feel
deceitful and sneaky, even though they have an eight-year history and an
admittedly complicated loan situation with the agency.

They said delays have cost them money.

Ron Brown Otter of Bullhead, S.D., is part of a class-action lawsuit involving
the U.S. Department of Agriculture and American Indians over federal loan
practices dating back to the '80s. He said awareness of the suit should make a
difference in fixing what's going on in Selfridge.

Jackie Bigger, a tribal member, said she didn't want a loan officer "shaking a
finger, being rude and talking down."

"I could lose my farm and sell out because I don't wanted to go into that office
and be treated badly," Bigger said.

Brown Otter said he works with some young borrowers and got so tired of the
agency that he sold out the livestock and paid off the loans.

"I told the kids we don't ever have to work with them. Respect goes both ways. I
don't like being pushed around," he said.

(Reach reporter Lauren Donovan at 701-784-5511 or lauren@westriv.com.)

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFS

BYLINE: - From staff and wire reports

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 403 words


INSURANCE

The Hartford Cuts About 30 Employees

The Hartford Financial Services Group, cutting more jobs, as expected, notified
nearly 30 affected employees in the Hartford area this week, including about 20
in Connecticut.

The others are in New Jersey.

The company, which laid off 500 employees late last year, including about 125 in
the Hartford area, would not say Friday how many more jobs will be cut this
year.

However, The Hartford is expected to lay off hundreds more workers companywide
to meet its previously announced goal of trimming $250 million from annualized
expenses by the end of 2009.

The 30 workers affected this week are mostly in information technology and serve
two businesses - group life and disability insurance, and institutional
solutions, which includes structured settlements and other products.

CASINOS

Mohegan Government To Cut Workforce 10%

The Mohegan Tribal Government said Friday it will cut about 50 employees, or 10
percent of its workforce, effective Feb. 27.

The tribe, owner of the Mohegan Sun casino, said it is reducing wages for all
tribal employees, suspending 401(k) and pension contributions and eliminating
bonuses. Pay for the nine tribal council members will fall 8 percent.

The announcement came a day after the tribe reported a $3.8 million net loss for
its gaming authority's first fiscal quarter.

On Jan. 12, the tribal gaming authority announced pay cuts for all Mohegan Sun
employees - 10 percent for vice presidents and above, 7.5 percent for middle
managers and 4 percent for all line and hourly employees. It also said it was
scrapping matching contributions to employee 401(k) plans.

FREDDIE MAC

Borrowers To Be Allowed To Rent After Foreclosure

Mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said Friday that it will allow some
borrowers to rent their homes after losing them to foreclosure.

The goal of the new policy, announced Friday, is to prevent properties from
becoming vacant so they won't fall into disrepair.

Freddie Mac also said it will allow renters to remain in their homes even if
their landlord loses the property to foreclosure.

Last week, U.S. Sen. Christopher J. Dodd, D-Conn., urged Freddie Mac to adopt
the policy on renters, similar to one recently adopted by Fannie Mae, to comply
with provisions in the financial services bailout bill.

"I am pleased Freddie Mac is complying with the law and protecting renters from
the devastating effects of foreclosure," Dodd said.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               High Yield Report

                                  May 24, 2010

Ruling Makes Indian Casino Investment Dicey

BYLINE: Matthew Sheahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 21 No. 21

LENGTH: 1012  words


A recent court ruling in Wisconsin promises to make it tougher for Native
American-run casinos to get leveraged financing, creating just the latest
obstacle between Indian casinos and their potential lenders.

The ruling was handed down in late April by the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Wisconsin, which affirmed an earlier dismissal of a Wells
Fargo lawsuit against the Lake of the Torches Economic Development Corporation.
Lake of the Torches is the casino operated by the Lac du Flambeau tribe, which
had stopped making payments on a $50 million bond owned by Saybrook Capital,
claiming the bond contract violated Indian casino law. Wells Fargo was the
trustee of the bond indenture.

While the bank could still appeal, legal and financial experts say that the
ruling is not likely to be overturned. The tribe won on its assertion that the
bond indenture's language was too strict and was therefore a management
contract. All management contracts with Native American casinos must be approved
by the National Indian Gaming Commission, and this wasn't.

Snake Eyes

"This is a frightening precedent for bondholders, because it calls into question
the enforceability of secured deals, at least where seizure of assets is a
common remedy," said Adam Cohen, attorney and publisher of Covenant Review.
"Certainly, for new deals, investors should be asking for proof of approval by
the National Indian Gaming Commission and a very clear legal opinion from the
issuer's counsel. For existing deals, investors need to hope that the District
Court decision isn't taken as precedent by other courts-courts in other states
can and do reject the precedent value of other courts, and this decision was
pretty surprising-otherwise enforcement of these things might be a bit of a
crapshoot."

Analysts note that the language in the bond indenture in question was
significantly stricter than is typical in such agreements, and mandated that the
casino accept recommendations from an outside consultant under certain
circumstances. Such a mandate made it a de facto management contract, in the
eyes of the courts. Michael Paladino, a senior director of corporate finance for
Fitch Ratings, points out that while most loan and bond agreements with Native
American casinos often include consulting arrangements or recommendations to
consult outside analysts if a company reaches certain debt level triggers,
specific mandates such as were in the Lac du Flambeau agreement are rare. "You
want to be very careful if you're an issuer or lender to not have in a debt
agreement that you're forcing the tribe to make changes to its casino
operation," Paladino said.

Analysts agree that other issues pose a potential greater challenge to the
Native American gaming industry. Because tribes have sovereignty over their
land, laws governing property ownership make it more difficult to issue secured
debt for them. Nonmembers are usually not allowed to own property on tribal
land, so casinos located on tribal lands cannot be used as collateral. That
already means that they pay a higher coupon on their debt than comparable, non-
Native American casino companies.

The sovereignty issue combined with the recent spate of defaults in the gaming
space is more pressing issues in the current economic climate, said Benjamin
Bubeck, a director with Standard & Poor's. He noted the case of the Mashantucket
Pequot Tribal Nation, owner of Foxwoods Resort Casino, which has defaulted on
more than $600 million in debt, as being a case that would cause alarm. Other
Native American gaming companies in default include the Mescalero Apache tribe,
which runs the Inn of the Mountain Gods casino and the Odawa tribe, which
operates the Odawa Casino Resort.

Also, the latest downturn has caused many more defaults in the gaming industry
than in past cycles. While a total of nine gaming companies defaulted on their
debt between 1997 and 2007, 2008 and 2009 saw 10 defaults each, and two have
defaulted so far this year, according to a May 11 report by S&P. Bubeck notes
that the reason for the jump in defaults is twofold. There are many more casinos
today than there were during the recessions of the early 1990s and in 2001. And,
unlike those recessions, the current one is consumer-driven. Many Indian casinos
opened in remote areas at a time when casinos were assumed to be a noncyclical
industry and were returning margins of 60% to 70%. With such high margins,
lenders paid little mind to the prospect of recoveries. That is much different
now.

Sitting Bulls

"A lot of Native American casino investors are currently in a wait and see mode
to see how the defaults work," said Paladino. "A lot of investors are still
sitting on the sidelines and are waiting to see how these situations work out."
He notes that it is too early to tell how many of these Indian casinos deal will
play out, as many are still in a period of forbearance.

Despite the defaults, recent court ruling and the sovereign issue in general,
Indian casinos will still be able to tap the debt markets, but will do so with
greater scrutiny from lenders. "The scrutiny of proposed projects is already
enhanced and getting more intense all the time," said Dennis Whittlesey, and
attorney with the law firm Dickson Wright, who specializes in law affecting
gaming and is a member of the firm's Indian gaming group. "There's money but
there's going to be money for the right deals. The tribes and their business
partners will be scrutinized in ways not seen before."

And recent developments in California point to casinos being able to expand
without incurring extra tax costs. A court recently found that a compact
negotiated between a Native American tribe and the state of California was
unfair, resulting in Indian casinos being able to expand without having to pay
extra fees to the respective states that they are in.

"These tribes don't have to make payments in California, and they can expand
anyway and can afford to pay for it," said Whittlesey. "The financial community
is probably going to be a big winner in the overall picture."

URL: http://www.leveragedfinancenews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: HYR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2012 Washington and Lee University
             Washington and Lee Journal of Civil Rights and Social
                                    Justice

                                  Spring, 2012

             Washington and Lee Journal of Civil Rights and Social
                                    Justice

                 18 Wash. & Lee J. Civil Rts. & Soc. Just. 389

LENGTH: 17445 words

STUDENT NOTE: Native American Health Care: Is the Indian Health Care
Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2009 Enough to Address Persistent Health
Problems Within the Native American Community?

NAME: Koral E. Fusselman*

BIO: * Candidate for Juris Doctor, Washington and Lee University School of Law,
2012; Bachelor of Arts in History and Business Administration, University of
Florida, 2009. I am immensely grateful to Professor Timothy S. Jost for his
assistance in the entire process-from topic selection through final edits; thank
you for all of your help and guidance. Thank you to the JCRSJ editorial board
and Kate Lester for her assistance and insight. I would also like to thank my
family and friends for their help and support-academic and otherwise.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Depression, substance abuse, alcoholism, and other mental health disorders
are extremely prevalent within the Native American population, and suicide ranks
among the top killers of Native American children and adolescents.  ... The Note
will focus primarily upon the Reauthorization Act's response to the high vacancy
rates of health professionals at IHS and tribal health sites, high rates of
diabetes within the population, and the treatment and prevention of behavioral
health and substance abuse.  ... Title I of the Act dealt with Indian Health
Manpower and authorized recruitment programs, scholarship programs, internships,
and allowances for continuing education.  ... Receiving close to $ 19 million in
appropriations during its first three years, the Scholarship Program hoped to
incentivize physicians, nurses, and other health professionals to provide
services to Native Americans.  ... Utilizing Advance Practice Nurses and Other
Recommendations to Combat High Vacancy Rates The Reauthorization Act amends the
1992 Amendments of the IHCIA in three major ways: the creation of chronic
shortage demonstration programs, a licensing exemption for health professionals
working for IHS or tribal health programs, and the expansion of the Alaskan
Community Health Aide Program to all Native Americans.  ... A congressional
exemption for advanced practice nurses practicing at IHS health care sites,
similar to the licensing exemption given to physicians, would allow many to
practice not only at established IHS health sites, but work in local communities
to address these health issues.

HIGHLIGHT: I am an Omaha Indian and have been working as [a] medical missionary
among the Omahas . . . . I know that if you knew the conditions and
circumstances to be remedied you would do all you could to remedy them. n1


   Letter from Dr. Susan La Flesche Picotte to Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Francis Leupp, November 15, 1907


TEXT:
 [*390]

   Introduction


   Through ninety years of legislation, Congress has provided piecemeal
solutions to the rampant health problems affecting Native Americans and Alaskan
Natives. n2 While the health status of Native Americans has improved over the
years, it remains at a level astonishingly below that of most Americans. n3 The
American people, including many scholars, frequently proclaim the negative
effects of alcohol on the Native American  [*391]  population, but few realize
that alcoholism is but one of a multitude of health problems plaguing the
population. n4


   Native Americans are diagnosed with and die from diabetes at rates
staggeringly higher than those found in the general population. n5 Depression,
substance abuse, alcoholism, and other mental health disorders are extremely
prevalent within the Native American population, n6 and suicide ranks among the
top killers of Native American children and adolescents. n7 Alongside all of
these health problems runs a history of inadequate staffing of nurses,
physicians, and dentists. n8 While Americans decry the deplorable health
conditions in developing countries, they are blissfully unaware of the
staggering health problems of Native Americans within our borders.


   The Snyder Act of 1921 n9 represented the first acknowledgement by the
federal government of the need to provide for the well-being and health care
needs of Native Americans. n10 Beginning with appropriations to federal agencies
charged with assisting Native Americans, n11 the federal government  [*392]
slowly assumed increasing responsibility for providing health care to Native
Americans. Despite these steps, no legislative act directly addressed the health
problems facing Native Americans or provided specific provisions on how best to
combat the issue. The Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976 (IHCIA) n12
represented the first comprehensive Congressional response to the failing health
status of Native Americans. n13 This initial legislation attempted to address
the myriad of problems faced by the Indian Health Service (IHS or "the
Service"), the primary provider of health services to Native populations
throughout the United States. n14 The IHCIA provided funding for health care
programs through fiscal year 1980, with additional appropriations through 1984
to be authorized through subsequent legislation. n15 Funding continued to be
appropriated annually through a series of amendments to the IHCIA authorizing
future funds through fiscal year 2000. n16 After 2000, however, the IHS again
relied upon Congress to annually authorize funds to support and continue IHS's
operations. n17

     [*393]

   The IHCIA was finally reauthorized in March 2010 with the passage of the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA). n18 Under the PPACA, the
IHCIA is reauthorized "permanently and indefinitely" with funds appropriated
through fiscal year 2010 and every fiscal year thereafter until all federal
funds are expended. n19 Despite the continued progress made through the
Reauthorization Act, much must still be done to address the persistent health
problems affecting Native American and Alaskan populations.


   This Note will look at the Reauthorization Act as it addresses the continued
disparities between the health status of Native Americans and Alaskans as
compared to the general population of the United States. The Note will focus
primarily upon the Reauthorization Act's response to the high vacancy rates of
health professionals at IHS and tribal health sites, high rates of diabetes
within the population, and the treatment and prevention of behavioral health and
substance abuse. It will evaluate how the reauthorization differs from previous
legislation and will provide recommendations drawn from other academic sources
to propose issue-specific reforms to the Act to address these three health
problems.


   Part I of the Note will focus on the unique historical relationship between
the Native Americans and the federal government and the basis of federal
involvement in Indian health care. Part II will consider three major health care
problems still facing Native American populations and the IHS; high vacancy
rates among health care professionals and practitioners, elevated rates of
diabetes, and widespread behavioral health problems which continue to plague the
IHS's attempts to address the health status of Native Americans and Alaskans.
Part III will analyze the reauthorization of the IHCIA through the PPACA and how
its provisions and amendments address the identified health care problems. Part
IV of the Note will provide recommendations for future legislation to continue
to improve the health status of Native Americans. This Note recommends the use
of traditional belief systems and healing practices to address the enduring
behavioral health problems and increasing prevalence of diabetes within the
[*394]  population. Additionally, the Note recommends that the IHS utilize
advanced practice nurses to address the high vacancy rates preventing the
Service from providing effective health care to thousands of Native Americans.


   I. Origins of the Federal Government's Obligation for Indian Health Care


   A. Historical Foundations


   By the 17th century, diseases introduced by European colonists, missionaries,
and explorers had decimated the native populations of North and South America.
n20 In 1605, just eighty-six years after Spanish conquest, the native
populations of Mexico and the Southwestern United States were reduced to just
under five percent of the estimated population at the start of European
conquest. n21 As common European diseases ripped through Native populations, the
United States government gradually stepped in to address the rampant health
problems. In the centuries since European settlement of the New World, the
health status of Native Americans has slowly, but by no means entirely,
improved.


   Initially, the federal government was only concerned with gathering accurate
data as to the current population size of Native Americans and making a
determination of the number of natives affected or killed by disease. n22
Gradually, the federal government began to recognize a stronger obligation owed
to Native Americans as a result of the "negotiated treaties, agreements,
legislative enactments and compacts" made between the government and the various
native tribes. n23 Initial efforts focused largely on preventing the spread of
small pox and other contagious diseases, particularly in areas where Indians and
non-Indians frequently came into contact, such as military posts. n24

     [*395]

   The first legislative act to address the status of Native Americans was the
Snyder Act of 1921. n25 Coming at a time of increased concern for health care at
all levels of government, n26 the Snyder Act authorized the Bureau of Indian
Affairs (BIA) to utilize Congressional appropriations for "the benefit, care and
assistance of the Indians throughout the United States." n27 The Snyder Act
provided a limited number of programs and authorized the BIA to "direct,
supervise, and expend such moneys as Congress may from time to time appropriate,
for the benefit, care and assistance of the Indians" for, among other things,
the "relief of distress and conservation of health." n28 Not without its faults,
the Act failed to define specific programs for assistance and eligibility
requirements, and did not represent a general entitlement to services. n29


   In the 1950s, health services for Native Americans were transferred from the
BIA to the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, n30 now the Department
of Health and Human Services (HHS). n31 Widely opposed at the time, this
transfer would ultimately result in "increased funding, greater access to care,
and better care overall" for Native Americans. n32 Native American health care
management now resides with the Indian Health Service (IHS). n33

     [*396]

   B. Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976 and Subsequent Amendments


   In 1975, Congress enacted the Indian Self-Determination and Education
Assistance Act of 1975 (ISDEAA), n34 authorizing tribal involvement in the
administration of federal agencies, including the IHS, and reaffirming the need
for comprehensive health care for Native Americans. The ISDEAA helped to
increase the number of Native Americans serviced by the IHS, but funding was
arbitrary and failed to address the increased usage of federal programs by
Native Americans. n35 In response, Congress enacted the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act of 1976 (IHCIA 1976). n36


   Although it was a relatively short document, the IHCIA 1976 was
comprehensive, authorizing numerous programs aimed at "providing the highest
possible health status to Indians and to provide existing Indian health services
with all resources necessary to affect that policy." n37 The Act found that the
health needs of Native Americans were severe and the health status of Native
Americans was far below that of the general population. n38 The potential for
shrinking this health gap was threatened by several issues including inadequate
and outdated facilities, personnel shortages, the inability of many Native
Americans to access "health services due to remote residences," and inadequate
and dangerous transportation systems. n39


   Congress aimed to develop programs and authorize funds to correct problems
not adequately addressed under existing federal programs. n40 The  [*397]  Act
"establish[ed] the basic programmatic structure for delivery of health services
to Native Americans" by the IHS. n41 The IHCIA authorized scholarship programs,
aimed at bringing more Native Americans into the IHS and health professions
generally, created urban health care programs, and "amended the Social Security
Act to permit reimbursement [to Native Americans through] Medicare and
Medicaid." n42 These programs and others were provided congressional
appropriations for the fiscal years 1978 through 1984, with future
appropriations to be provided through subsequent acts or amendments. n43


   The IHCIA 1976 largely focused on the issues of inadequate health care
"manpower" affecting the administration of health care. n44 Title I of the Act
dealt with Indian Health Manpower and authorized recruitment programs,
scholarship programs, internships, and allowances for continuing education. n45
The largest program under Title I was the Health Professions Scholarship
Program. Receiving close to $ 19 million in appropriations during its first
three years, the Scholarship Program hoped to incentivize physicians, nurses,
and other health professionals to provide services to Native Americans. n46 The
Health Professions Recruitment Program for Indians, another substantial portion
of Title I, was authorized to identify Native Americans with academic potential
in health care fields, advertise sources of financial aid available to Native
Americans, and establish programs to encourage Native American enrollments in
health care programs.


   The 1976 Act did not address diabetes prevention and treatment, but does
briefly address mental health and substance abuse programs. Title II of the Act
provides for separate appropriations for community, inpatient, and residential
health programs and authorizes funding for the "training of traditional Indian
practitioners in mental health." n47 Additionally, the Act  [*398]  provided
appropriations for the "treatment and control of alcoholism among Indians." n48
The Act does not, however, provide for any additional guidance or authorize the
IHS to establish new programs or make improvements to established programs.


   In 1988, Congress enacted the Indian Health Care Improvement Amendments of
1988. n49 The 1988 Amendments extended appropriations to the IHS through the
1992 fiscal year and clarified much of the language surrounding the IHCIA's
manpower provisions. These manpower amendments eased the requirements necessary
for Native Americans to qualify for scholarships and internships n50 and
expanded the breadth of programs covered by scholarships. n51 Many new programs
to encourage Native American involvement in the health profession were created
including scholarships for Native Hawaiians, n52 a Community Health
Representative Program, n53 and the creation of loan repayment programs for
individuals who work for IHS or tribal health programs. n54


   The 1988 Amendments were the first to address the need for diabetes
prevention and treatment within the Native American population. n55 The 1988
Amendments required the IHS Secretary to conduct studies to determine the
prevalence of diabetes within the population and to screen individuals for
diabetes or precursor conditions. n56 Mental health problems  [*399]  are
referenced throughout the 1988 Amendments as areas to which the Secretary should
direct funds and provide services, but no specific provisions are included in
the 1988 Amendments. n57 While no alcohol or substance abuse treatment programs
were established, the 1988 Amendments do identify alcoholism n58 and Fetal
Alcohol Syndrome n59 as being among the health problems that must be remedied.


   Congress again amended the Indian Health Care Improvement Act in 1992. n60
The 1992 Amendments included more specific health goals for Native Americans.
n61 The 1992 Amendments included many administrative provisions, n62 but also
continued to expand the scope of federal scholarships. Scholarships could now be
applied to nursing schools and clinics and a recovery fund was established for
the scholarship and loan repayment programs. n63 The 1992 Amendments also
created the Community Health Aide Program for Alaska. n64 This program provided
training for Alaska Natives to provide health services in the rural regions of
Alaska. n65


   Substantial changes relating to behavioral health were also included in the
1992 Amendments. Inpatient, outpatient, emergency care, and suicide prevention
programs for children were established. n66 Most attention,  [*400]  however,
was diverted to the treatment of alcohol and substance abuse. n67 The 1992
Amendments provided grants to the IHS to develop services for the treatment of
alcohol and substance abuse n68 and authorized the creation of demonstration
projects by the IHS. n69 The 1992 Amendments also continued the model diabetes
projects created under the 1988 Amendments, but added no additional programs and
provided no further guidance to the IHS. n70


   The 1992 Amendments provided appropriations through the 2000 fiscal year. n71
Since 2000, however, Congress has continued to appropriate funds on only an
annual basis. n72 Despite numerous attempts, no subsequent amendments or
long-term appropriations had successfully been passed by Congress until the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in March 2010.  n73


   II. Problems Plaguing Native Populations


   A. High Vacancy Rates of Health Practitioners


   While the Native American population is plagued by numerous healthcare
related problems, the extremely high vacancy rates of health care practitioners
on IHS and tribal sites are of particular detrimental effect to IHS's
administration of health services. n74 In 2008, the IHS vacancy rate for  [*401]
dentists was twenty-five percent; for nurses, twenty-three percent; for
physicians, twenty-four percent. n75 These reported vacancy rates for IHS
dentists, nurses, physicians, and optometrists are in the range of seven to
thirteen percent over the national vacancy rates of non-IHS federally funded
health centers. n76 In total, the IHS has nearly 1,000 unfilled health care
positions. n77


   In addition to combating low retention rates, the IHS must also struggle with
the short average stay of practitioners at IHS sites. n78 With an average stay
of just 8.1 years, the IHS must hire nearly 1,200 practitioners annually to fill
the 900 vacancies the agency averages each year. n79 Vacancy rates at local
levels are even more staggering. n80 According to the Director of Health for the
Navajo Nation, nursing vacancies within the Navajo Nation exceed twenty-five
percent. n81


   The unique circumstances of Native American health care sites are a primary
cause of the extremely high vacancy rates reported. n82 Distant and rural
locations combined with inadequate facilities, lack of pay parity, inadequate
housing, and insufficient local opportunities for spouses and children have
discouraged many eligible and well-qualified candidates from accepting positions
with the IHS. n83 These external factors negatively affect the quality of care
provided by IHS and tribal sites. As a result of this chronic understaffing,
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe leaders reported four to six hour wait times,
inadequate testing, and, in one instance, a misdiagnosis  [*402]  that nearly
resulted in the deaths of three infants. n84 The current level of vacancies
within the IHS is unacceptable and continues to negatively impact the health
status of Native Americans.


   Low numbers of Native American students attending post-secondary schools or,
more crucially, entering medical or health care education programs may
contribute to the insufficient number of practitioners working at IHS or tribal
sites. n85 Students of health professions from "rural communities and inner
cities are more likely than other students to return to practice in those areas,
and minority students are more likely to serve minority populations." n86 In
2007, Native Americans accounted for just one percent of all students attending
post- secondary schools. n87 Perhaps most startlingly, this percentage has risen
just 0.03% in the last thirty-seven years. n88 IHS has made great strides at
improving the opportunities for and funding of Native American participation in
medical and health educational programs. n89 Despite these improvements,
increased tuition costs have limited the scholarship funds available to health
students and burdened the loan repayment programs aimed at recruiting and
retaining professionals on IHS and tribal sites. n90


   B. High Rates of Diabetes


   With a prevalence rate of twelve percent, Native Americans suffer from
diabetes at a rate four percent higher than the national average for all  [*403]
races. n91 The most prevalent form of diabetes within the population is
"non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM)," often referred to as Type 2
diabetes. n92 Having one of the highest prevalence rates in the world, n93
Native Americans are diagnosed with diabetes at a rate 2.3 times higher than
Caucasians. n94 In some native communities, more than half the adult population
suffers from diabetes. n95 As a result of the high prevalence of the disease,
the death rate of Native Americans from diabetes is nearly 200% higher than that
seen in the general population. n96 Even this astoundingly high rate may mask
the true effect of the disease; diabetes often plays a role in many deaths
attributed to other causes and is severely under-diagnosed within the
population. n97


   Native American youth and adolescents are also suffering from Type 2 diabetes
at alarming rates, far above those of children from other demographics. n98 In
an acute turnaround from reports as recently as 1967, Native American children
are now more often diagnosed as overweight or obese than undernourished. n99
Some youth populations now have obesity  [*404]  rates two to ten times the
rates found among the general population of the United States. n100 With these
higher rates of obesity and Type 2 diabetes come increased risk factors for
cardiovascular, kidney, and other health problems. n101


   Many scholars believe that acculturation is largely to blame for the
relatively recent increase in diabetes within the Native American population.
n102 As recently as the 1940s and 1950s, the incidence of diabetes in Native
populations was extremely low. n103 The onset of "urban, industrialized, and
sedentary lifestyles" have "accelerated lifestyle changes" in Native Americans
that are commonly associated with diabetes and related diseases. n104 With these
lifestyle changes came a transition from "traditional" diets to more modern,
high-fat foods. n105


   Additionally, genetic research has suggested that Native peoples may be more
susceptible to diabetes due to the presence of a "thrifty genotype." n106 This
genotype is believed to have developed as "an adaptation to hunting and
gathering lifestyles." n107 Cycling between periods of food availability and
unavailability, Native Americans may have adapted to store fat more quickly so
as to sustain themselves during periods of relative famine. n108 It is thus
believed by some scholars that a combination of genetic, cultural, and societal
factors contribute to the staggering statistics of diabetes among Native
Americans. n109 Whether diet or genetics  [*405]  are to blame, a culturally
sensitive diabetes program would effectively address both causes while providing
additional benefits to Native Americans facing severe behavioral health issues.


   C. Behavioral Health Programs


   Native Americans are at a "higher risk for mental health disorders than other
racial or ethnic groups in the United States." n110 Among the most widespread
behavioral health problems facing Native Americans are "the high prevalence of
substance abuse, depression, anxiety, violence and suicide." n111 These health
issues are now being regularly reported even among young children and
adolescents. n112


   Alcohol abuse, perhaps the most well-known health problem facing Native
Americans, continues to plague the population. n113 The rate of alcoholism among
Native Americans has been consistently above that of the general population for
decades. n114 This rate varies across tribes and is more common among men than
women. n115 Depression, loneliness, and other mental health disorders, however,
are commonly linked to alcohol abuse in both men and women. n116

     [*406]

   Nearly nineteen percent of Native Americans ages twelve and older reported
using illegal drugs compared to just under twelve percent of the general U.S.
population. n117 Some findings indicate that the use of "hard" drugs may in fact
be higher than previously reported as many early studies only looked at rural or
reservation areas with more limited access to illegal drugs. n118 Youths are
also using an array of the most volatile substances available. n119 Increasingly
popular, especially among pre-teen Native American youth, is the abuse of
inhalants. n120 Inhalant abuse has also been strongly associated with future
alcohol dependency and abuse of other illegal drugs. n121


   Suicide and depression rates have been on the rise within the Native American
population in recent years, especially among Native youths. n122 The rate of
suicide among Native American children is nearly 2.5 times that of Caucasian
children. n123 Among fourteen to twenty-four year olds, the suicide rate was
twice that of the general population. n124 The rate jumps to nearly three times
that of the general population for five to ten year olds. n125 Suicide
prevention, both for children and adults, needs to be a major focus of future
legislation. Additionally, culturally-attuned behavioral health programs will
address more fully the underlying issues causing both depressive or suicidal
behaviors and substance abuse.

     [*407]

   III. Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Expansion Act of
2009: How Does the Reauthorization Act Address Health Issues Affecting Native
Americans?


   A. How the Reauthorization Addresses High Vacancy Rates


   The combination of inadequate numbers of students entering medical or health
education programs and the difficulty of recruiting and retaining practitioners
at IHS and tribal sites has caused a severe shortage of health professionals and
has hampered the IHS's ability to adequately address the health needs of local
Native Americans. n126 The original IHCIA and its subsequent amendments created
a basic framework for increasing "the number of Indians entering the health
professions and [assuring] an adequate supply of health professionals to the
[IHS], Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and urban Indian organizations."
n127 The Reauthorization Act predominantly maintains this framework including
the recruitment program, n128 scholarship programs, n129 externship programs,
n130 and loan repayment programs. n131 The Reauthorization Act does not,
however, provide appropriations to continue these programs, but rather just
authorizes the continuation of these programs and the possibility of future
appropriations. n132


   The Reauthorization Act makes three major changes to the existing policies
related to Indian Health Manpower and the retention of health professionals. The
first change authorizes "Health Professional Chronic Shortage Demonstration
Programs." n133 This authorization enables the IHS  [*408]  Secretary to fund
demonstration programs that provide "clinical and practical experience" for
students, n134 improve access to health professionals, n135 provide academic and
scholarly opportunities and resources, n136 and provide training for
"alternative provider types, such as community health representatives, and
community health aides." n137


   The second amendment provides a licensing exemption for licensed health
professionals working for the IHS or another tribal health program. n138 If the
health care professional is licensed in any other state, that professional is
exempt from "the licensing requirements of the State in which the tribal health
program performs the services." n139


   The third, and most substantial amendment, affects the Alaskan Community
Health Aide Program. Most importantly, the amendment authorizes nationalizing
the program beyond the rural Alaskan villages previously covered. n140
Essentially the same as set forth in the 1992 Amendments, the Reauthorization
Act reinforces the program's goals of training Alaskan natives-and purportedly
now all Native Americans- as "health aides or community health practitioners"
who will provide "health care, health promotion, and disease prevention
services." n141 These programs also aim to establish telecommunication abilities
in rural villages and health clinics. n142


   Finally, the amendments modify the program by authorizing dental health
programs in addition to the previously authorized general health  [*409]
programs. n143 The use of advanced practice nurses will provide a more immediate
response to the critical IHS areas experiencing high vacancy rates.


   B. Reauthorization Approach to High Rates of Diabetes


   Very few changes were included in the Reauthorization Act to address the
extremely high rates of diabetes within the Native American population. Within
the definitions provided by the Reauthorization, "disease prevention" activities
now include "controlling the development of diabetes." n144 More indirectly, the
Act inserts a definition for the term "health promotion" activities which
include "providing adequate and appropriate programs for diet and nutrition"
n145 and "exercise and physical fitness." n146


   Beyond these definitional additions, the Reauthorization Act maintains the
programs developed by the 1992 Amendments. These programs required automatic
diabetes screenings for all Native Americans receiving treatments for diabetes
or treatments for symptoms or conditions highly correlated with future
development of diabetes. n147 Additionally, the 1992 Amendments required the
continuation of model diabetes projects at numerous health centers and hospitals
and allowed the establishment of additional projects at other locations.
Finally, the Amendments required control officers in each area office, n148 data
collection of diabetes and related complications, n149 and a registry of all
individuals affected by diabetes "to track the incidences of diabetes and the
complications from diabetes." n150  [*410]  No additional steps are explicitly
provided for under either the IHCIA or the Reauthorization Act.


   C. Amendments to Behavioral Health Programs through the Reauthorization Act


   Previously focusing only on substance abuse and alcoholism, the
Reauthorization Act departs from this approach and aims towards a more
collaborative "Behavioral Health" model, "blending [the treatment] of substance
(alcohol, drugs, inhalants, and tobacco) abuse and mental health prevention and
treatment for the purpose of providing comprehensive services." n151 The
Reauthorization Act creates new definitions and programs aimed at addressing all
mental health, dysfunctional behaviors, and substance abuse issues within the
Native American population. One such definition is that of "dual diagnosis," a
term denoting the "coexist[ence of] substance abuse and mental illness" in
patients commonly known as mentally ill chemical abusers (MICAs). n152


   Through the Reauthorization Act, the IHS Secretary is authorized to "develop
[] comprehensive behavioral health prevention and treatment program[s within the
IHS, Indian tribes, and tribal organizations] which emphasize[] collaboration
among alcohol and substance abuse, social services and mental health programs."
n153 The new approach provides the IHS with authority to create and operate
"community-based programs which include identification, prevention, education,
referral, and treatment services." n154 Through this new authority, the IHS must
work to ensure equal access to behavioral health services for Native Americans,
n155 develop local and tribal plans to create behavioral health services, n156
and provide  [*411]  technical assistance to tribes and organizations attempting
to implement these plans. n157


   Programs created under the Reauthorization Act must provide a comprehensive
"continuum of behavioral health care" which should include, to the maximum
extent possible, detoxification programs, inpatient, outpatient, and residential
treatment programs, transitional living programs, and preventative care. n158
The Reauthorization Act creates several programs aimed at addressing the unique
problems associated with mental health disorders and substance abuse among
children, adults, and the elderly through specialized approaches and treatments.
n159 Additionally, family care programs are created that address the need for
"early intervention, treatment and aftercare for affected families" as well as
treatment for "sexual assault and domestic violence." n160


   The Reauthorization creates several new alcohol-specific programs, despite
the changed focus towards comprehensive behavioral health. The Act creates an
aftercare program aimed at preventing relapse and transitioning the individual
back into society. n161 Programs have been authorized to treat the full spectrum
of fetal alcohol disorders, including fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS), partial FAS,
alcohol-related birth defects (ARBD), and alcohol-related neurodevelopmental
disorders (ARND). n162 The Indian Women Treatment Programs, authorized under the
1992 Amendments to the IHCIA, are also maintained under the Reauthorization and
continue to support the treatment of women to prevent fetal alcohol conditions
in their children. n163

     [*412]

   Finally, Title VII now includes an entirely new subtitle aimed at preventing
suicide among Native American youth. n164 The Reauthorization Act authorizes the
IHS Secretary to create psychiatric and psychological treatment programs aimed
at treating Native American youth. n165 The subtitle authorizes grants to
develop demonstration and treatment programs for Native American youths who
"have expressed suicidal ideas, have attempted suicide or have mental health
conditions that increase or could increase the risk of suicide." n166 In
addition to these prevention and treatment programs, the Act authorizes "Life
Skills" demonstration programs. n167 These programs utilize school curriculum
teaching life skills to prevent youth suicide. n168 The life skills program must
be "culturally compatible," but the Act provides no direction or definition as
to how this is to be accomplished or what it should include. n169 This "cultural
compatibility" directive is a step in the right direction, but a more specific
declaration of how this compatibility should be achieved will assist the IHS in
addressing the issues underlying behavioral problems.


   IV. Recommendations for Further Legislation to Address Health Care Problems


   A. Utilizing Advance Practice Nurses and Other Recommendations to Combat High
Vacancy Rates


   The Reauthorization Act amends the 1992 Amendments of the IHCIA in three
major ways: the creation of chronic shortage demonstration programs, a licensing
exemption for health professionals working for IHS or tribal health programs,
and the expansion of the Alaskan Community  [*413]  Health Aide Program to all
Native Americans. n170 The Act maintains the scholarship, externship, and loan
repayment programs of the 1992 Amendments. n171 While these programs provide
incentives and assistance to Native Americans desiring to attend health
education programs, more must be done to attract and retain health professionals
on IHS and tribal health sites.


   Loan repayment programs, grant programs, and scholarships are three of the
most common solutions. n172 Many states have also experimented with creating
specialized programs to combat nursing shortages. Florida initiated a grant
program to fund "exploratory nursing education programs in middle schools or
career and technical nursing education programs in high schools." n173 In a
different vein, West Virginia developed a scholarship program for individuals
who pursue a master's degree in nursing and agree to teach two years in nursing
school following graduation. n174 While these programs encourage students to
enter medical fields, increases in tuition have put a financial strain on
scholarships provided by the IHS. n175 These financial constraints must be
addressed through larger congressional appropriations if the increases in Native
American participation in health education programs are to be sustained.


   A major problem plaguing IHS health programs is the extremely low numbers of
both physicians and registered nurses. n176 One possible solution is the use of
advanced practice nurses, especially in rural areas. n177  [*414]  Advanced
practice nurses, including nurse practitioners and midwives, provide a myriad of
benefits to programs utilizing their services. n178 Trained to be primary care
providers, advanced practice nurses learn a more holistic approach to health
care treatment and may be better equipped to handle the various ailments
requiring treatment in rural locales. n179


   The cost of using advanced practice nurses is generally much lower than
comparable services provided by a physician. n180 Advanced practice nurses
generally "prescribe fewer drugs, use fewer tests, and select lower cost
treatment options and settings than physicians." n181 Additionally, the cost of
training and educating advanced practice nurses is considerably lower than that
of physicians and can be completed in an average of six years, as compared with
the average eleven years of training required for physicians. n182


   Advanced practice nurses, however, face some barriers unique to the
specialty. Many states require physician supervision in order for advanced
practice nurses to practice and some states prevent advanced practice nurses
from prescribing medication. n183 Additionally, Medicare and Medicaid do not
cover nurse practitioner care and pose a considerable barrier to their use by
impoverished groups that rely upon these programs for health care. n184 However,
both barriers could be overcome by a Congressional exemption applicable to the
IHS and tribal health sites.


   Whatever the means employed to encourage students to enroll in health care
programs, Congress must make long term investments in infrastructure, equipment,
facilities, support staff, and technology as well as increased compensation to
retain professionals who choose to work at IHS and tribal health sites. n185

     [*415]

   B. Use of Traditional Dietary Habits and Lifestyle Patterns to Address High
Diabetes Rates


   Research suggests that a focus on traditional dietary habits and lifestyle
patterns would be extremely effective at reducing the high rates of diabetes
among Native Americans. n186 Diabetes among Native American populations is a
relatively new phenomenon, appearing gradually within the last 100 years. n187
Traditional diets among most Native tribes consisted largely of foods high in
fiber and complex carbohydrates. n188 As tribes assimilated and abandoned
traditional hunting, gathering, and subsistence farming in favor of food
acquired through trading posts and governmental programs, the diet content
shifted in favor of foods "high in refined carbohydrates (especially refined
sugars), fat, and sodium and low in milk products, fruits, and vegetables." n189


   Federal food programs, such as the Supplemental Food Program for Women,
Infants, and Children (WIC) and Food Stamps, contribute substantially to Native
American diets. n190 Despite this influence, various non-governmental programs
focusing on traditional dietary and lifestyle habits have shown progress in
correcting the modern, assimilative behaviors associated with diabetes. n191
These programs aim to be more culturally in tune with traditional Native beliefs
and utilize these beliefs to  [*416]  educate modern Native Americans about
proper dietary and lifestyle choices. n192


   One such program was developed with the Zuni tribe in New Mexico. n193 The
program encouraged exercise and weight loss by utilizing "the cultural history
of the Zuni as long-distance runners." n194 By emphasizing the education of
their traditional identity, the community-based program was extremely
successful, producing significant weight loss in many members of the tribe and
"decreas[ing] or even eliminat[ing] the need for insulin" in many diabetic tribe
members. n195


   One important factor in developing community-based programs is understanding
the focus on indirect, rather than direct learning, among non-Western societies.
n196 Indirect learning utilizes "life examples, stories, metaphors, myths and
experiences . . . to teach important concepts and ideas." n197 In a diabetes
program adapted for Canadian Natives, a campaign to convey educational diabetes
information was modified to emphasize the cultural tradition of storytelling.
n198 The program communicated important information to the listener, without
overwhelming him, by disguising medical terminology within stories and
narratives.  n199 One such program transformed insulin into "heroes defeating
monsters and other threats to the people (i.e., diabetes)." n200


   By focusing on educating Native Americans on traditional cultural practices,
these programs utilize a novel approach to effectively address the diabetes
epidemic within the Native American population. By incorporating proper diet
with historical cultural beliefs, the programs provide an additional incentive
to eat properly and reunite modern Native Americans with their past; a process
that provides benefits both in terms of diabetes and behavioral health.

     [*417]

   C. Focusing on Traditional Belief Systems to Treat Behavioral Health Issues


   Scholars have developed a myriad of theories to explain the extremely high
rates of depression, suicide, and substance abuse within the population. Many
believe that the loss of traditional culture coupled with Native American's
exposure to and domination by modern American culture has caused emotional
dissonance within adolescents and adults alike. n201 This process of
Americanization began in the seventeenth century. n202 As Native American
children were forced into boarding schools, "elements of their identities and
heritage [were] systematically and permanently stripped away." n203 This
separation of self is believed to lead to an internal conflict of "neither being
fully allowed to participate in [modern society], nor fully wanting to do so."
n204 Many, especially men, find themselves overwhelmed with feelings of
loneliness and helplessness. n205 This psychological view only serves to hinder
the treatment and recovery process. n206 Traditional healing practices have been
shown to effectively treat the manifestations of these psychological issues:
alcoholism, substance abuse, mental illnesses, and suicide. n207


   Drug and alcohol abuse has become a cultural norm for Native Americans. n208
Starting at an early age, Native American youth experience childhood traumas
beyond those experienced by most children. n209 After  [*418]  feeling forced to
choose between two conflicting societies, many children devolve into
self-destructive behaviors. n210 Family histories of alcoholism, socioeconomic
factors, and a lack of understanding or support from schools and leaders
exacerbate the isolation felt by these children. n211 These self- destructive
behaviors quickly lead to feelings of hopelessness and isolation that contribute
to the extremely high suicide rates within the population. n212


   Many "mainstream substance abuse" programs do not adequately address the
needs of Native American youth. n213 Without awareness of the unique cultural
environments in which these children grow up, the mainstream programs fail to
address the underlying psychological issues that cause substance abuse. n214
These youths live in "two world" communities-their local, Native communities and
the more dominant, majority "community" embodying dominant American society.
n215 The dichotomous perspectives embodied by both "communities" lead many
Native Americans to develop a "split-self, where he both sees and despises
himself, and other Native[s], through the eyes of the oppressor" breeding
"poisonous contempt, shame, anger, self-hatred, and violence." n216 This
self-hatred often manifests itself in suicidal thoughts, n217 alcoholism, n218
and substance abuse. n219


   Created by Iroquois elders and volunteers, the E.L.D.E.R.S. program in
upstate New York aimed to educate Native youth about the traditional beliefs of
their ancestors through sports, food preparation, basket weaving,  [*419]
dancing, and ceremonies. n220 The program began as a week-long camping event
designed to teach the traditional rituals of the Iroquois, but eventually the
focus shifted to addressing the prevalence of substance abuse among native
youth. n221 Many Native youths are almost entirely without knowledge of
traditional beliefs. n222 By cultivating an understanding of traditional Native
American life and practices, Native youth begin to develop an appreciation for
their history and culture, and begin to understand the basic issues underlying
their self-hatred; as a result, this self-hatred begins to subside. n223 After
attending the program, many participants report "[making] conscious efforts to
refrain from substances and to modify their lifestyle[s]." n224


   In addition to educating the youth about traditional beliefs and practices,
the program also aims to reestablish the "traditional extended family system
[and] communal child rearing practices" destroyed by seventeenth century
governmental programs. n225 These governmental programs left many children
feeling abandoned and lost within their communities, an issue that has been
found to contribute significantly to "suicide, substance abuse and risky health
behaviors." n226


   Some programs combine traditional Native beliefs with the more modern twelve-
step style programs. n227 These programs incorporate twelve-step programs with
efforts to encourage participants to "focus on positive happenings, the value of
a caring community, and possibilities to begin the healing process themselves."
n228 Utilizing techniques such as drum-singing, sober drums, storytelling, and
celebration to encourage and facilitate the treatment, n229 the modified
programs are especially successful for men who  [*420]  are less likely to seek
professional help and more likely to commit suicide than their female
counterparts. n230 By encouraging participation in traditional male practices,
many men develop an understanding of the "way of being an Indigenous man:
knowledgeable, respectful [and] sober." n231


   The incorporation of traditional healing practices not only provides a novel
means of approaching the problems, but also serves to alleviate many of the
causes of behavioral health problems. n232 With the high rates and severity of
behavioral health problems within the Native American community, governmental
initiatives must utilize the whole breadth of possible solutions and treatment
plans available; traditional healing practices represent an underutilized and
noteworthy option that should receive both consideration and support.


   V. Conclusion and Final Recommendations


   While the Reauthorization of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act
represents a step in the right direction for future legislative action, it fails
to utilize many techniques or solutions that have proven successful in other
health care areas. n233 The Reauthorization's structure for addressing the
exceedingly high vacancy rates at IHS and tribal health sites follows the
general recommendations of many scholars; n234 for example, the Act expands the
Alaskan Community Health Aide Program to the contiguous United States. n235 This
approach addresses the IHS vacancy issues from a  [*421]  novel angle. While
this does not immediately address the vacancy issues faced by the IHS, it
provides an alternative source of health care that will address concerns of
overworked staff, decreased efficiency, and, occasionally, misdiagnoses. n236


   Reliance on alternative health care providers seems to be the next logical
choice for the IHS. Despite many federal barriers, including the lack of
recognition by Medicare and Medicaid, advanced practice nurses are an ideal
source from which the IHS should consider drawing personnel. Advanced practice
nurses require less training and utilize less expensive treatment techniques.
n237 A congressional exemption for advanced practice nurses practicing at IHS
health care sites, similar to the licensing exemption given to physicians, n238
would allow many to practice not only at established IHS health sites, but work
in local communities to address these health issues.


   Cultural consciousness is essential in the treatment of all medical problems
facing Native Americans. Numerous programs have proven successful in treating
diabetes, substance abuse, and mental health disorders when they incorporate
traditional belief systems in their educational programs. n239 Congress would be
well advised to consider and adopt measures similar to the E.L.D.E.R.S program
adopted by the Iroquois n240 and the diabetes prevention and treatment program
adopted by the Zuni. n241 By addressing both the physical and psychological
problems faced by many  [*422]  Native Americans, treatment of diabetes and
behavioral health problems becomes increasingly effective. n242


   Additionally, Congress should consider appropriating federal funds to
traditional, Native American healers. Currently, federal funding is prohibited
from being used by these traditional healers, but evidence suggests that many
Native Americans would respect and utilize these healers extensively. n243
Forcing Native Americans to utilize modern, Western medicine is akin to forcing
most Americans to utilize solely traditional Chinese medicine. n244 The internal
beliefs of a patient can have an extreme effect on the efficacy of a treatment.
n245 By refusing to allow traditional healers to participate on IHS and tribal
health sites, Congress is limiting both the efficacy of IHS treatments and the
number of individuals willing to utilize it. n246


   The Native American population should also consider addressing their
collective health problems through private, in addition to federal, sources.
With the current restrictions placed by Congress on the use of federal funds,
many programs shown to be effective, including the use of traditional healers,
are unable to gain footing. n247 By looking to outside sources, Native Americans
may be able to more efficiently address the problems at hand and, over time,
convince Congress of the effectiveness of these programs.


   The final puzzle piece in this picture is raising public awareness. Most
Americans only know that alcoholism is a problem within Native American
communities. But with the staggering rates of diabetes, suicide, and abuse of
other substances, more must be done to educate the American people of the true
health status of Native Americans and the actions necessary to resolve these
disparities. Public support will only assist the IHS in its effort  [*423]  to
address and fix the health disparities within the Native American population.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority & JurisdictionPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative
Americans

FOOTNOTES:




n1  David H. Dejong, "If You Knew the Conditions": A Chronicle of the Indian
Medical Service and American Indian Health Care, 1908-1985, 1 (2008).




n2  See Snyder Act of 1921, 25 U.S.C. § 13 (2011) (providing financial
assistance "for the benefit, care, and assistance of the Indians"); see also
Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976, Pub. L. No. 94-437, 90 Stat. 1400
(1976) (codified at 25 U.S.C. § 1603 (2010)) (providing financial support and
directives to improve "the services and facilities of Federal Indian health
programs").




n3  See Dep't of Health & Human Serv., Indian Health Service: Fiscal Year 2010
Justification of Estimates for Appropriations Committees CJ-141, CJ-147 ( 2 0 0
9 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.ihs.gov/nonmedicalprograms/budgetformulation/documents/ IHS CJ 2010
Final Submission.pdf (providing statistics of the high vacancy rates of
physicians and nurses on IHS and tribal health sites); see also U.S. Comm'n on
Civil Rights, Broken Promises: Evaluating the Native American Health Care
System, 11 (2004), available at http://www.usccr.gov/pubs/nahealth/nabroken.pdf
(explaining the higher rates of mental health problems among Native Americans);
see also Indian Health Serv., 2009 National Summary, Performance Measurement:
Improving Healthcare for American Indians and Alaska Natives, Government
Performance and Results Act 8 (2009), available at
http://www.ihs.gov/cio/crs/documents/2009Executive Summary.pdf (supplying
statistics of the high rates of diabetes within the Native American population).




n4  See Philip A. May, The Epidemiology of Alcohol Abuse Among American Indians:
The Mythical and Real Properties, in Contemporary Native American Cultural
Issues 227, 228 (Duane Champagne ed., 1999) (explaining that many Americans are
aware of the effects of alcoholism on the Native American population, but are
unaware of health problems).




n5  See Indian Health Serv., supra note 3, at 8 (explaining that in 2009 the
unadjusted diabetes prevalence rate was twelve percent as compared to the
national average of eight percent).




n6  See U.S. Comm'n on Civ. Rts., supra note 3, at 11-12 (explaining that Native
Americans have a higher risk of mental health disorders than other subsets of
the population); see also id. at 12 ("The most significant health concerns today
are the prevalence of substance abuse, depression, anxiety, violence, and
suicide.").




n7  See id. at 13 (explaining that the rate of suicide among Native American
children is two and one-half times the rate for white children).




n8  See Memorandum from Nat'l Indian Health Bd., How the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act Addresses Health Issues in Indian Country (July 2009) (providing
that the vacancy rates for physicians, nurses, dentists, and pharmacists range
from eleven to twenty-six percent in 2009) (on file with the Washington and Lee
Journal of Civil Rights and Social Justice).




n9  See Snyder Act of 1921, 25 U.S.C. § 13 (2011) (providing appropriations as
needed to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist Native Americans in many
respects, including "relief of distress and conservation of health").




n10  See id. ("The Bureau of Indian Affairs . . . shall . . . expend such moneys
as Congress may from time to time appropriate, for the benefit, care and
assistance of the Indians . . . .").




n11  See Transfer Act, Pub. L. 83-568, § 1, 68 Stat. 674 (1954) (codified at 42
U.S.C. § 2001 (2011)) (transferring the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Secretary of
the Interior, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the Public Health
Service).




n12  See Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976, Pub. L. No. 94-437, § 402,
90 Stat. 1400 (1976) (codified at 25 U.S.C. § 1603 (2010)) (establishing the
basic framework for the administration of health care services to Native
Americans).




n13  See Rose L. Pfefferbaum et al., Providing for the Health Care Needs of
Native Americans: Policy Programs, Procedures, and Practices, 21 Am. Indian L.
Rev 211, 216 (1997) [hereinafter R. Pfefferbaum, Providing for Health]
(describing the comprehensive nature of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act
and the Act's acknowledgement of the "special responsibilities and legal
obligations" owed by the Federal government to the Native American people).




n14  See Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976 §§ 3-4, (explaining that the
policy of the Act is to "provid[e] the highest possible health status to
Indians" and to increase resources to the IHS to effectuate that policy).




n15  See id. § 103(d) (appropriating funds for fiscal year 1980 and authorizing
appropriations only for fiscal years 1981, 1982, 1983, and 1984).




n16  See Indian Health Amendments of 1988, Pub. L. No. 100-713, § 4, 102 Stat.
4784 (1988) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et seq. (2011)) (authorizing
appropriations only as are provided in appropriations acts); see also id. §§
101-03 (showing that most sections throughout the Act provide appropriations for
fiscal years 1989 through 1992); see also Indian Health Amendments of 1992, Pub.
L. No. 102-573, § 123, 106 Stat. 4526 (1992) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et
seq. (2011)) ("There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be
necessary for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2000 to carry out this
title.").




n17  See Elayne J. Heisler & Roger Walke, Indian Health Care Improvement Act
Provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (P.L. 111-148), CRS
R e p . F o r C o n g r e s s 2 ( 2 0 1 0 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.npaihb.org/images/resources docs/weekly
mailout/2010/april/week4/IndHlthCareCRS%20(2).pdf (explaining that while the IHS
has continued to receive funding since 2000, it has only received these
appropriations on a year to year basis).




n18  See Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 10221,
124 Stat. 119 (to be codified at 42 U.S.C. §§ 18001 et seq. (2012)) (enacting
the Indian Health Care Improvement and Reauthorization Act); see also Indian
Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act of 2009, S. 1790,
111th Cong. §§ 101, 825 (2009) (enacted) (reauthorizing permanently the Indian
Health Care Improvement Act and authorizing appropriations indefinitely).




n19  See Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, § 10221 (enacting the
Indian Health Care Improvement and Reauthorization Act).




n20  See Plutarco Naranjo, Epidemic Hecatomb in the New World, in Columbus and
the New World: Medical Implications 19, 21 (Guy A. Settipane ed., 1995)
(describing a population drop of nearly 24,000,000 in the Native populations).




n21  See id. (detailing the demographical fall of Native populations following
conquest).




n22  See Thomas S. Williamson, The Diseases of the Dakota Indians, 4 Nw. Med.
And Surgical J. 410, 418-19 (1873) (explaining that most governmental interest
in the health status of Native Americans related only to their interactions with
colonists and the effects of these interactions on Native populations).




n23  R. Pfefferbaum, Providing for Health, supra note 13, at 213.




n24  See Betty Pfefferbaum, et al., Learning How to Heal: An Analysis of the
History, Policy, and Framework of Indian Health Care, 20 Am. Indian L. Rev. 365,
368-69 (1995) [hereinafter B. Pfefferbaum, Learning How to Heal] (explaining the
selfish motives behind early health care provided to Native Americans).




n25  See Snyder Act of 1921, 25 U.S.C. § 13 (1921) (providing for congressional
appropriations for the care and benefit of Native Americans).




n26  See R. Pfefferbaum, Providing for Health, supra note 13, at 215 (explaining
that the American public was greatly concerned with increased health and public
safety at the turn of the 20th century). This concern manifested itself in a
series of legislative acts directed at improving the health and safety of all
Americans. Id.




n27  Snyder Act of 1921 § 13.




n28  Id.




n29  See R. Pfefferbaum, Providing for Health, supra note 13, at 377 (explaining
that this initial legislation merely provided for the possibility of health
services, but did not go so far as to establish any specific programs).




n30  See Transfer Act, Pub. L. 83-568, § 1, 68 Stat. 674 (1954) (codified at 42
U.S.C. § 2001 (2011)) (transferring several agencies, including the BIA to the
Public Health Service).




n31  See Department of Education Organization Act, Pub. L. 96-88, § 301, 93
Stat. 668 (transferring the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare to the
Department of Health and Human Services).




n32  B. Pfefferbaum, Learning How to Heal, supra note 24, at 382 (explaining
that the care for Native Americans remained with the Bureau of Indian Affairs
until it was transferred to the Indian Health Service).




n33  See Office of the Secretary and Public Health Services; Statement of
Organization, Functions, and Delegations of Authority, 60 Fed. Reg. 56,605 (Jan.
3, 1995) (describing the transfer of Native American affairs from the Bureau of
Indian Affairs to the Indian Health Service).




n34  See Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, Pub L. No.
93-638, § 2, 88 Stat. 2203 (codified as amended in scattered sections of 5
U.S.C. and 25 U.S.C.) (authorizing Native American involvement in the
administration of agencies affecting their well-being).




n35  See B. Pfefferbaum, Learning How to Heal, supra note 24, at 384 (explaining
that funding for the IHS was not adequate and that the IHS was forced to rely on
subsequent appropriations at the will of Congress).




n36  See Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976, Pub. L. 94-437, § 1, 90
Stat. 1400 (authorizing appropriations and creating health care service programs
through the IHS).




n37  Id.




n38  See id. § 2(d) ("[T]he unmet health needs of the American Indian people are
severe and the health status of the Indians is far below that of the general
population of the United States.").




n39  Id. § 2(f)(5).




n40  See B. Pfefferbaum, Learning How to Heal, supra note 24, at 386 (explaining
that one of the goals of the IHCIA was to address needs unmet by existing
programs).




n41  U.S. Comm'n on Civ. Rts., Broken Promises, supra note 3, at 24.




n42  Id.




n43  See Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976, Pub. L. 94-437, § 103(d),
90 Stat. 1400 (1976) (codified at 25 U.S.C. § 1603 (2010)) (providing the IHS
with funds for fiscal years 1978 through 1980 and authorizing appropriations for
fiscal years 1981 through 1984).




n44  See id. §§ 101-06 (establishing scholarships, recruitment programs,
externship programs, and allowances for continuing education).




n45  Id.




n46  See id. § 104 (establishing the scholarship program and appropriating funds
for 1976 through 1980).




n47  Id. § 201(c)(1)-(4).




n48  Id. § 201(c)(5).




n49  See Indian Health Care Amendments of 1988, Pub. L. 100-713, § 4, 102 Stat.
4784 (1988) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et seq. (2011)) (developing
additional health care programs for the benefit of Native Americans and
authorizing appropriations through 1992).




n50  See id. § 102(d) ("The Secretary shall not deny scholarship assistance to
an eligible applicant . . . if such applicant has been admitted to, or
maintained good standing at, an accredited institution.").




n51  See id. § 104(a) (adding new programs eligible for scholarship assistance
including osteopathy, podiatry, psychology, dentistry, environmental health and
engineering, optometry, and social work).




n52  See id. § 106 (establishing the Native Hawaiian Health Scholarship program
to assist Native Hawaiians in obtaining health care education).




n53  See id. § 107 (providing for the training of health paraprofessionals to
assist in "health care, health promotion, and disease prevention services").




n54  See id. § 108 (creating a "'Loan Repayment Program' in order to assure an
adequate supply" of trained professionals). The program provides for payment of
the "principal, interest and related expenses on governmental and commercial
loans." Id. § 108(g)(1).




n55  See id. § 203(4)(l)(4) (defining "disease prevention" as including the
"prevention and control of diabetes").




n56  See id. § 204(b) ("The Secretary shall screen each Indian who receives
services from the Service for diabetes and for conditions which indicate a high
risk that the individual will become diabetic.").




n57  See id. §§ 201(a)(4)(d), 205(a)(2)(A), 799A(d)(3)(B) (defining mental
health services as a service to be provided by the IHS, developing mental health
demonstration programs, and providing mental health services to rural
communities).




n58  See id. § 203(4)(k) (defining "health promotion" to include reducing
alcohol and drug abuse).




n59  See id. § 714 (adding reduction of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome to the Service's
objectives and defining reduction goals for each area office).




n60  See Indian Health Care Amendments of 1992, Pub. L. 102-573, 106 Stat. 4526
(1992) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et seq. (2011)) (amending the IHCIA and
"authoriz[ing] appropriations for Indian health programs, and for other
purposes").




n61  See id. § 3(b) (adding specific health objectives including reducing
obesity, deaths resulting from cirrhosis or drugs, mental disorders in children,
and suicide).




n62  See id. § 107(b) (requiring the Secretary to assign individuals for
recruitment activities).




n63  See id. § 108A(a), (c)(1) (establishing the "Indian Health Scholarship and
Loan Repayment Recovery Fund," authorized to make payments to tribes or tribal
organizations who employs a scholarship recipient or has a need for a health
professional).




n64  See id. § 119 (creating the "Community Health Aide Program for Alaska,"
designed to provide health care and disease prevention to rural Alaskan natives
and authorizing the use of telecommunications to assist health practitioners).




n65  See id. § 119(a)(1) ("[T]he Service provides for the training of Alaska
Natives as health aides or community health practitioners.").




n66  See id. § 209(m)(1) (authorizing the IHS Secretary to make grants "to
provide intermediate mental health services to Indian children and adolescents,
including . . . suicide prevention").




n67  See id. §§ 701-14 (adding "Title VII-Substance Abuse Programs" to the IHCIA
and creating programs aimed at determining the scope of abuse problems within
the community, community training and education, and establishing youth
programs).




n68  See id. § 511 (providing grants for "Alcohol and Substance Abuse Related
Services" that promote treatment, rehabilitation and "community-based
education").




n69  See id. § 512 (treating demonstration programs as "service units" when
allocating resources from the IHS).




n70  See id. § 204(c)(1) ("The Secretary shall continue to maintain through
fiscal year 2000 each model diabetes project in existence on date of enactment
of the Indian Health Amendments of 1992 . . . .").




n71  See id. § 117 (amending section 123 of the Indian Health Care Improvement
act to authorize congressional appropriations "for each fiscal year through
fiscal year 2000").




n72  See Heisler & Walke, supra note 17, at 2 (explaining that appropriations
were reauthorized annually after year 2001); see, e.g., Omnibus Indian
Advancement Act, Pub. L. No. 106-568, § 815, 115 Stat. 2868 (codified at 25
U.S.C. § 4101 et seq.) (authorizing appropriations through 2001).




n73  See Heisler & Walke, supra note 17, at 2-3 (explaining that IHCIA
reauthorization bills have been considered in Congress since 1999).




n74  See Memorandum from Nat'l Indian Health Bd., supra note 8 (providing that
the IHS experiences high vacancy rates primarily as a result of remote
geographic locations).




n75  See id. (explaining that in 2008 the IHS experienced vacancy rates ranging
from eleven percent to twenty-six percent).




n76  See Dep't of Health & Human Serv., supra note 3, at CJ-147-48 (providing
statistics of vacancy rates and commenting that the dentist vacancy rate remains
critical and the physician vacancy rate has increased dramatically).




n77  See id. (listing that there are 105 dentist vacancies, 725 nurse vacancies,
379 physician vacancies, and 24 optometrist vacancies).




n78  See U.S. Comm'n Civil Rights, supra note 3, at 77 (explaining that the
average stay for IHS physicians is 8.1 years).




n79  See id. (explaining that due to the short average stay the IHS must
annually hire nearly 1,200 physicians to fill 900 vacant positions).




n80  See id. at 78 (explaining that conditions on local levels are often worse
than the IHS's agency-wide vacancy rates).




n81  See id. ("The director of the Division of Health for the Navajo Nation
report nursing vacancy rates exceeding 25 percent.").




n82  See id. (noting that it is often difficult to recruit and retain health
care professionals due to the geographic remoteness of IHS health service
sites).




n83  See id. at 78 (providing a list of recruitment obstacles relating to the
"lack [of] usual conveniences" in "remote tribal communities").




n84  See id. (explaining the result of the IHS health site being "swamped with
children with Influenza A, RSV [Respiratory Syntactical Virus], and one fatal
case of meningitis").




n85  See Linda H. Aiken & William M. Sage, Staffing National Health Care Reform:
A Role for Advanced Practice Nurses, 26 Akron L. Rev. 187, 190 (1992)
(explaining that students from rural or inner city areas who attend medical
programs are likely to return to their communities after graduation).




n86  Id.




n87  See U.S. Dep't of Educ., National Center for Education Statistics, Digest
of Education Statistics 2008, 278, 297-99 (2008), available at
http://nces.ed.gov/pubs 2009/2009020.pdf (providing statistics for attendance at
post-secondary schools based upon race, gender, and age).




n88  See id. (demonstrating that the rate of Native Americans attending
post-secondary schools was 0.7% in 1970 and was 1.0% in 2007).




n89  See Dep't of Health & Human Serv., supra note 3, at CJ-142 (explaining that
the IHS scholarship program awarded over 2,000 scholarships between 2004 and
2008).




n90  See id. at CJ-142-46 (explaining that tuition, fees, and other school
related costs continue to rise annually and increasingly burden the IHS
scholarship budget).




n91  See Indian Health Service, 2009 Nat'l Summary, supra note 3, at 8
(explaining that the prevalence rate of diabetes among Native Americans is
twelve percent while the national average is eight percent).




n92  Brooke Olson, Meeting the Challenges of American Indian Diabetes:
Anthropological Perspectives on Prevention and Treatment, in Medicine Ways 163,
164 (Clifford E. Trafzer & Diane Weiner, eds., 2001).




n93  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, supra note 3, at 9 ("American Indians and
Alaska Natives have some of the highest rates of diabetes in the world, with
more than half of the adult population in some communities having the
disease.").




n94  See Memorandum from Nat'l Indian Health Bd., supra note 8 ("[American
Indians and Alaska Natives are] diagnosed with diabetes at [a] rate 2.3 times
higher than whites.").




n95  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, supra note 3, at 9 (explaining that "
Native Americans and Alaskans have some of the highest prevalence rates of
diabetes in the world").




n96  See Memorandum from Nat'l Indian Health Bd., supra note 8 (explaining that
the Native American death rate for diabetes was 190% in 2009).




n97  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, supra note 3, at 9-11 (explaining that
many deaths attributed to heart disease are caused by diabetes and that many
Native Americans with diabetes remain undiagnosed); see also Indian Health
Service, 2009 Nat'l Summary, supra note 3, at 8 (explaining that "[d]iabetes is
a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease").




n98  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, supra note 3, at 10 (determining that Type
2 diabetes has "become a significant threat to Native American children").




n99  See George R. Brenneman, Maternal, Child and Youth Health, in American
Indian Health: Innovations in Health Care, Promotion and Policy 138, 145
(Everett R. Rhoades, ed., 2000) (explaining that as recently as 1967, Native
American children were diagnosed as being underweight or undernourished, but
some Native populations now have obesity rates from two to ten percent).




n100  See id. (providing that in some populations, Native American children have
obesity rates ranging from two to ten percent).




n101  See Dorothy M. Gohdes & Kelly Acton, Diabetes Mellitus and Its
Complications, in American Indian Health: Innovations in Health Care, Promotion
and Policy 221, 225 (Everett R. Rhoades, ed., 2000) (explaining that Native
American children with Type 2 diabetes will likely be at a great risk of
experiencing other health problems as adults).




n102  See Olson, supra note 92, at 165 (explaining that acculturation and the
introduction of sugar-based foods may have contributed to the rise in diabetes
within the Native American population).




n103  See id. ("Before the 1940s and 1950s, diabetes was rare in Indian
populations.").




n104  Id.




n105  See Mary Story et al., Nutritional Health and Diet-Related Conditions, in
American Indian Health: Innovations in Health Care, Promotion and Policy 201,
213 (Everett R. Rhoades, ed., 2000) (explaining that traditional foods are now
only consumed occasionally and have been replaced with foods high in sugar and
fat).




n106  See Olson, supra note 92, at 167 (explaining the hypothesis of the
"thrifty genotype" and its possible connection with the high rates of diabetes).




n107  Id.




n108  See id. (explaining the theory behind the "thrifty genotype" hypothesis).




n109  See id. (clarifying that this "thrifty genotype," if it does exist, is
unlikely to be the sole cause for the high rates of diabetes).




n110  U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights., Broken Promises, supra note 3, at 11.




n111  Id. at 12.




n112  See id. ("Native Americans use and abuse alcohol and other drugs at
younger ages, and at higher rates, than all other ethnic groups.").




n113  See Confronting the Impact of Alcohol Labeling and Marketing on Native
American Health and Culture: Hearing Before the Select Comm. on Children, Youth
and Families, 102nd Cong. 7 (1992) (explaining the continued problems with
alcoholism faced by Native Americans).




n114  See id. (demonstrating the prevalence of alcoholism among Native Americans
in the 1990s); see also Lawrence S. Wissow, Suicide Among American Indians and
Alaska Natives, in American Indian Health: Innovations in Health Care,
Promotion, and Policy 260, 269-70 (Everett S. Rhoades, ed., 2000) (documenting
alcoholism from the 1970s onward).




n115  See Department of Health and Human Services, Minority Women's Health:
Alcoholism and drug abuse, available at
http://www.womenshealth.gov/minority-health/american-indians/alcoholism-drug-
abuse.cfm ("American Indians and Alaska Natives have the highest rates of binge
drinking, although this problem is more common among men than women.") (on file
with the Washington and Lee Journal of Civil Rights and Social Justice).




n116  See Matthew O. Howard et al., Alcoholism and Substance Abuse, in American
Indian Health: Innovations in Health Care, Promotion, and Policy 280, 284
(Everett S. Rhoades, ed., 2000) (explaining that other mental health problems
are commonly linked to alcoholism in both men and women).




n117  See id. at 282-83 (finding in a study of Native American high school
seniors that "[I]ndian men and women had higher annual rates of using marijuana,
hallucinogens, lysergic acid diethylamide, heroin, stimulants, sedatives,
barbiturates, and tranquilizers than did other groups of the same age").




n118  See Howard, supra note 116, at 283 (explaining that the findings of many
studies of drug use among Native Americans may not accurately represent the
prevalence of substance abuse).




n119  See Warren Skye, E.L.D.E.R.S. Gathering for Native American Youth:
Continuing Native American Traditions and Curbing Substance Abuse in Native
American Youth, 29 J. Soc. & Soc. Welfare 117, 125 (2002) (stating that many
Native American youths are increasingly abusing "volatile substances").




n120  See id. (finding that "inhalants are fast becoming one of the most widely
abused substances, particularly within the pre-teen Native population").




n121  See id. ("Inhalant use is said to be well on its way to replacing
marijuana as the 'gateway' substance for those who develop a dependency on
alcohol and/or other drugs.").




n122  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights., Broken Promises, supra note 3, at 13
("The suicide rate for Native Americans continues to escalate and is 190 percent
of the rate of the general population.").




n123  See id. (finding that the rate of suicide among Native American youths is
higher than that of the general population).




n124  See id. (explaining the suicide rates for various youth age groups).




n125  See id. (finding that in 2002, "the youth suicide rate for Native
Americans was . . . three times as great among 5 to 10-year-olds, as it was in
the general population").




n126  See id. at 78 (finding that the remote locations of IHS health sites have
proven difficult obstacles in recruiting and retaining health professionals and
has contributed to the "historical difficulty IHS has experienced in staffing
rural health facilities").




n127  Indian Health Amendments of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-573, § 101, 106 Stat.
4526 (1992) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et seq. (2011)).




n128  See Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act §§
102, 109-10 (maintaining recruitment programs enacted through the IHCIA of 1976,
the 1988 Amendments and the 1992 Amendments).




n129  See id. §§ 103-04 (maintaining the scholarship programs established by the
IHCIA of 1976 and its subsequent amendments).




n130  See id. § 105 (preserving the externship program created under previous
versions of the IHCIA).




n131  See id. §§ 108-08A (sustaining previously established loan repayment
programs).




n132  See id. § 101 ("There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are
necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal year 2010 and each fiscal year
thereafter, to remain available until expended.").




n133  See id. sec. 112, § 123 (creating a demonstration program to "provide
direct clinical and practical experience" to students and improve the quality
and access to health care professionals).




n134  Id. § 123(b)(1).




n135  See id. § 123(b)(2) (defining one of the purposes of the demonstration
program as being "to improve the quality of health care for Indians by ensuring
access to qualified health professionals").




n136  See id. § 123(b)(3) (defining one demonstration goal as being the
provision of "academic and scholarly opportunities for health professionals
serving Indians by identifying all academic and scholarly resources of the
region").




n137  Id. § 123(b)(4).




n138  See id. § 123(b)(4) (defining provider types eligible for training and
support as including "community health representatives, and community health
aides").




n139  Id. at sec. 132, § 221.




n140  See id. sec. 111, § 119(d) ("[T]he Secretary . . . may establish a
national Community Health Aide Program . . . .").




n141  Id. § 119(a)(1)-(2).




n142  See id. § 119(a)(3) (authorizing the IHS to "provide[] for the
establishment of teleconferencing capacity in health clinics located in or near
those villages for use by community health aides or community health
practitioners").




n143  See id. § 119(b)(7) (authorizing basic dental treatments only after
consulting a dentist to determine "the procedure is a medical emergency" and
prohibiting the "perform[ance of] all other oral or jaw surgeries" except
"pulpal therapy . . . and extraction[s] of adult teeth").




n144  Id. sec. 104, § 4(7)(B)(i)(1).




n145  Id. § 4(11)(G)(v).




n146  Id. § 4(11)(G)(viii).




n147  See Indian Health Amendments of 1988, Pub. L. No. 100-713, § 204(b), 102
Stat. 4784 (1988) (codified at 25 U.S.C. §§ 1601 et seq. (2011)) (requiring
diabetes screening for Native Americans receiving treatment for diabetes or
presenting symptoms commonly associated with diabetes).




n148  See id. § 204(d)(1) (establishing requirements for control officers in
area IHS offices).




n149  See id. § 204(d)(3) (requiring IHS control officers to maintain records of
the prevalence of diabetes within the Native American population).




n150  Id. § 204(d)(2).




n151  See Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act sec.
104, § 4(2)(A) (redefining behavioral health to include both alcohol abuse
prevention and mental illness treatment).




n152  Id. § 701(4).




n153  Id. § 702(a)(1).




n154  Id. § 702(a)(4).




n155  See id. § 702(a)(5) (defining one of the purposes of the Behavioral Health
program as being "to ensure that Indians . . . have the same access to
behavioral health services to which all citizens have access").




n156  See id. § 702(b)(1) (authorizing the IHS Secretary to encourage Indian
tribes and tribal organizations to develop plans for behavioral health
treatment).




n157  See Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act §
702(b)(3) (requiring the IHS Secretary to provide technical assistance to Indian
tribes, tribal organizations, and urban Indian organizations to assist these
organizations in providing behavioral health services).




n158  Id. § 702(c)(1).




n159  See id. § 702 (c)(2)-(3), (5) (establishing behavioral health treatment
programs for children, adults, and the elderly and recognizing the unique
treatment challenges faced by each age group).




n160  Id. § 702 (c)(4) (establishing family care programs for the treatment of
substance abuse, sexual assault, domestic violence, and promoting healthy
alternative parenting and lifestyle guidance).




n161  See id. § 702(c)(3)(A) (establishing adult behavioral health services to
provide "early intervention, treatment, and aftercare").




n162  See id. § 701(c)(1), (5)-(6) (providing definitions of Alcohol-Related
Neurodevelopmental Disorders (ARND), Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders, and Fetal
Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) and their symptoms).




n163  See id. § 707 (authorizing the Secretary to make grants to support
"comprehensive behavioral health program[s] . . . that specifically address[]
the cultural, historical, social, and child care needs of Indian women,
regardless of age").




n164  See id. Title VII, Subtitle B (recognizing findings that Native American
youths are more susceptible to suicide than non-Native youths and establishing
authority in the Secretary to develop programs aimed at addressing this
problem).




n165  See id. § 707(b)(1) (authorizing demonstration programs to experiment with
various treatment techniques).




n166  Id. § 723(a)(1).




n167  See id. § 726 (authorizing demonstration programs to "test the
effectiveness of a culturally compatible, school-based, life skills curriculum
for the prevention of Indian and Alaska Native adolescent suicide").




n168  See id. § 726(a) (authorizing the use of school curriculum to address
adolescent suicide).




n169  Id. § 726(a).




n170  See id. §§ 119, 123, 221 (creating chronic shortage demonstration
programs, exempting health professionals working on IHS sites from state
licensing requirements, and authorizing the nationalization of the Alaskan
Community Health Aide Program).




n171  See id. §§ 102-05, 108-10 (maintaining loan repayment programs, grant
programs, and scholarship programs established under earlier versions of the
IHCIA).




n172  See Kristin M. Mannino, The Nursing Shortage: Contributing Factors, Risk
Implications, and Legislative Efforts to Combat the Shortage, 15 Loy. Consumer
L. Rev. 143, 154 (2002) (finding that loan repayment programs, grant programs,
and scholarship programs are effective means of combating nursing shortages).




n173  Id. at 154.




n174  See id. at 155 (describing programs developed in some states to combat
chronic nursing shortages).




n175  See Dep't. of Health & Human Serv., supra note 3, at CJ-142-46 (explaining
the increase in tuition in recent years, providing projections of future tuition
increases, and describing the strain these increases have placed on the
scholarship programs).




n176  See id. at CJ-147 (finding that in 2009 the physician vacancy rate was
twenty-four percent and the nursing vacancy rate was twenty-three percent).




n177  See Aiken & Sage, supra note 84, at 189-90 (arguing that advanced practice
nurses are a good solution for rural areas experiencing extreme physician and
nurse shortages).




n178  See id. at 196 (explaining that advanced practice nurses can provide
cost-effective solutions and treatments to rural and inner-city communities).




n179  See id. at 196-97 (finding that advanced practice nurses "emphasize[]
interpersonal skills, continuity of care, management of symptoms and maintenance
of function" and are trained as primary care providers).




n180  See id. at 196 (explaining that advanced practice nurses are
cost-effective due to focusing their practices on lower cost treatments and
inexpensive training).




n181  Id. at 196-97.




n182  See id. at 197 (providing statistics of the differing educational periods
for advanced practice nurses and physicians).




n183  See id. at 200 (explaining impediments advanced practice nurses face when
establishing their practices).




n184  See id. at 204 (describing the Medicaid and Medicare barriers facing
advanced practice nurses).




n185  See id. at 189-92 (explaining challenges faced by practitioners working in
rural communities and inner cities).




n186  See Story et al., supra note 104, at 213-14 (describing how traditional
foods and culture have been effective in treating diabetes among Natives).




n187  See id. at 212 (describing the slow progression of diabetes within the
Native American population and providing possible explanations for this
progression).




n188  See id. at 212 (explaining the change in diet commonly found in Native
American populations over the last fifty years).




n189  Id.; see also Steven C. Moore & Catherine E. Wilson, "Like Pinning Fog to
a Wall"-Emerging Issues in Indian Health Care: How Ongoing Indian Health Care
Reform Will Mesh with the Clinton Administration's National Health Care Reform
Agenda, 27 Clearinghouse Rev. 854, 855 (1993) (finding that "traditional food
supplies [have been] destroyed or [are] inaccessible" forcing many Native
Americans "to depend on rations issued by local Indian agents, which in many
cases were insufficient or unsanitary").




n190  National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, Obesity Prevention in American
Indians/Alaska Natives: Field Center, 21 NIH Guide No. 31 (1992), available at
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/rfa-nih-92-hl-008-p.html
(explaining the significant contributions of WIC and food stamps to Native
American diets) (on file with the Washington and Lee Journal of Civil Rights and
Social Justice).




n191  See Story et al., supra note 104, at 213-14 (describing how re-
introduction of traditional foods and cultural activities related to food,
including "celebrations, feast days, powwows, and religious ceremonies," have
proven effective at treating diabetes in many Native tribes).




n192  See Olson, supra note 91, at 168 (detailing elements of the indirect
learning style common among non-Western cultures).




n193  See id. at 173 (describing the diabetes program developed by the Zuni
tribe of New Mexico).




n194  Id.




n195  Id.




n196  See id. at 168 (explaining the common elements of indirect learning and
providing examples of how it is employed).




n197  Id.




n198  See id. at 173 (noting the effectiveness of storytelling in explaining
both the nature of diabetes and the methods of control and treatment).




n199  See id. (explaining the benefits of using storytelling to explain medical
treatments for diabetes).




n200  Id.




n201  See Wissow, supra note 114, at 267-69 (describing the popular theory that
the loss of traditional culture "relates to a loss of the support and structure
inherent in traditional culture").




n202  See Paul Rock Krech, Envisioning a Healthy Future: A Re- becoming of
Native American Men, 29 J. Soc. & Soc. Welfare 77, 82 (2002) (providing a brief
history of Americanization among Native Americans).




n203  Id.




n204  Id. at 78.




n205  See id. at 83 (describing the effect that this separation of self has on
male Native Americans).




n206  See id. (explaining the negative effect this psychological viewpoint has
on treatment of substance abuse and depression).




n207  See Troy Johnson & Holly Tomren, Helplessness, Hopelessness and Despair:
Identifying the Precursors to Indian Youth Suicide, in Medicine Ways 234, 237
(Clifford E. Trafzer & Diane Weiner, eds., 2001) (describing the manifestations
of psychological issues and proposing the use of traditional healing practices).




n208  See Krech, supra note 202, at 83 (noting how alcoholism and substance
abuse have become "a cultural norm for many Native people"); see also Johnson &
Tomren, supra note 207, at 237 (explaining the negative effects of alcoholism on
"traditional values and lifestyles").




n209  See Johnson & Tomren, supra note 207, at 237 (describing stress events
common among Native American youth). These stress events include "death among
the immediate or extended family members, failure in school or job, or conflict
between white social values and deep-seated cultural beliefs." Id.




n210  See id. at 238 (describing the pressure on adolescent Native Americans to
choose between these two cultures and the resulting self-destructive behaviors).




n211  See id. (describing the many factors that cause isolation among Native
American children and youths).




n212  See id. (explaining that isolating feelings can lead to suicidal thoughts
and are likely the cause for high suicide rates among Native American youths).




n213  Skye, supra note 119, at 125.




n214  See id. ("Mainstream substance abuse prevention programs have minimal
effect when attempting to address the Native American youth population.").




n215  See id. at 122 (describing the two worlds in which Native American
children grow up and the challenges associated with this "two world"
experience).




n216  Krech, supra note 202, at 80.




n217  See id. at 84 (explaining the role of self-hatred in Native American
suicide).




n218  See id. at 82 (describing how internal imbalance contributes to Native
American alcoholism).




n219  See id. at 83 (describing the prevalence and causes of alcoholism and drug
abuse among Native Americans).




n220  See Skye, supra note 119, at 117-19, 128 (describing the various
traditional cultural practices used in treatment).




n221  See id. at 123 (describing the origins of the E.L.D.E.R.S. program and the
transformation of the program over the years to focus on substance abuse).




n222  See id. at 118 (explaining that many Native youths "hav[e] never been
exposed to the beliefs of their ancestors").




n223  See id. at 122-30 (explaining how developing an understanding of their
heritage has helped many Native American youths cope with the issues of self-
hatred).




n224  Id. at 118.




n225  Id. at 125-26.




n226  Id. at 126.




n227  See Krech, supra note 202, at 86 ("Many contemporary helping professionals
observe that a combination of traditional teachings and core values dovetails
with the twelve-step philosophy in developing a suggested program of living.").




n228  Id. at 87.




n229  See id. at 87-89 (describing the various traditional practices used as
teaching and treatment tools).




n230  See id. at 84 (assessing the high suicide rates among men compared to
their relatively low rates of seeking treatment and describing the efficacy of
using traditional practices in treatment).




n231  Id. at 87.




n232  See Skye, supra note 119, at 122-30 (explaining how traditional practices
treat the underlying issues that cause substance abuse, alcoholism, and
depression).




n233  See Aiken & Sage, supra note 85, at 194-210 (explaining the benefits of
advanced practice nurses in rural and underserved populations); see also Skye,
supra note 119, at 125-32 (explaining the use of traditional culture in treating
substance abuse, depression, and diabetes); see also Krech, supra note 202, at
86-92 (explaining the use of traditional cultural practices in treating
alcoholism, substance abuse, and depression).




n234  See Mannino, supra note 172, at 153-57 (describing popular state efforts
as including scholarship funds, loan repayment programs, and intern or
externship programs).




n235  See Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act S.
1790 111th Cong. § 119(d) (2009) (authorizing the nationalization of the Alaskan
Community Health Aide Program, a program that encourages Native American
community health practitioners to service their local communities).




n236  See U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights., supra note 3, at 78 (explaining the
consequences of understaffing at IHS health sites).




n237  See Aiken & Sage, supra note 85, at 196-98 (describing how using advanced
practice nurses is cost-effective both in the training stage and when used in
rural or inner city communities).




n238  See Indian Health Care Improvement Reauthorization and Extension Act S.
1790 111th Cong. § 123(b)(4) (2009) (creating a licensing exemption for
physicians which allows them to practice in an IHS health site if they are
licensed in any state, even if that state is different than the location of the
IHS health site).




n239  See Skye, supra note 119, at 125-32 (explaining the use of traditional
culture in treating substance abuse, depression, and diabetes); see also Krech,
supra note 202, at 86-92 (explaining the use of traditional cultural practices
in treating alcoholism, substance abuse, and depression).




n240  See Skye, supra note 119, at 118 (describing the origin, purpose, and
success of the E.L.D.E.R.S. program developed by the Iroquois and open to Native
Americans of any tribe).




n241  See Olson, supra note 92, at 173 (describing the diabetes treatment
program developed by the Zuni that encouraged exercise by emphasizing the Zuni's
history as long distance runners).




n242  See id. (showing the effectiveness of traditional beliefs in treating
diabetes); see also Skye, supra note 119, at 118 (describing the efficacy of
teaching traditional cultural practice in treating diabetes, substance abuse,
alcoholism, and depression).




n243  See Holly T. Kuschell-Haworth, Jumping Through Hoops: Traditional Healers
and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, 2 DePaul J. Health Care L. 843, 850
(1997) ("In determining what kind of health care would be most effective in
reaching the intended health status for Native Americans, it would be sensible
to consider the kind of health care most accepted and accessible by Native
American people as a whole.").




n244  See id. at 854 (analogizing the forcing of Western medicine upon Native
Americans as akin to requiring Americans to utilize Chinese medicine).




n245  See id. ("The effectiveness of any health care approach is greatly
affected by the inherent beliefs of the patient.").




n246  See id. (noting that "health care only reaches the portion of Native
Americans who wish to undergo Western medical treatment").




n247  See id. at 850 (describing the "implied prohibition" on traditional
healers written into the IHCIA).


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

To learn more about Michigan's contributions to the end of the U.S. Civil War
and the impact of Reconstruction on the state, visit the Michigan Historical
Museum's special exhibit, "Conceived in Liberty." The exhibit runs until Sept.
27, 2015. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/museum.

The museum and visitor parking are on the north side of Kalamazoo Street, two
blocks east of M. L. King Jr. Boulevard. Weekend parking is free. General
admission fees for the Michigan Historical Museum are $6 for adults 18-64,
children through age 5 are free, youth ages 6-17 are $2, and seniors 65 and
older are $4. Annual passes are available, and there is no admission charge on
Sundays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

To learn more about Michigan's contributions to the end of the U.S. Civil War
and the impact of Reconstruction on the state, visit the Michigan Historical
Museum's special exhibit, "Conceived in Liberty." The exhibit runs until Sept.
27, 2015. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/museum.

The museum and visitor parking are on the north side of Kalamazoo Street, two
blocks east of M. L. King Jr. Boulevard. Weekend parking is free. General
admission fees for the Michigan Historical Museum are $6 for adults 18-64,
children through age 5 are free, youth ages 6-17 are $2, and seniors 65 and
older are $4. Annual passes are available, and there is no admission charge on
Sundays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

To learn more about Michigan's contributions to the end of the U.S. Civil War
and the impact of Reconstruction on the state, visit the Michigan Historical
Museum's special exhibit, "Conceived in Liberty." The exhibit runs until Sept.
27, 2015. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/museum.

The museum and visitor parking are on the north side of Kalamazoo Street, two
blocks east of M. L. King Jr. Boulevard. Weekend parking is free. General
admission fees for the Michigan Historical Museum are $6 for adults 18-64,
children through age 5 are free, youth ages 6-17 are $2, and seniors 65 and
older are $4. Annual passes are available, and there is no admission charge on
Sundays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

To learn more about Michigan's contributions to the end of the U.S. Civil War
and the impact of Reconstruction on the state, visit the Michigan Historical
Museum's special exhibit, "Conceived in Liberty." The exhibit runs until Sept.
27, 2015. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/museum.

The museum and visitor parking are on the north side of Kalamazoo Street, two
blocks east of M. L. King Jr. Boulevard. Weekend parking is free. General
admission fees for the Michigan Historical Museum are $6 for adults 18-64,
children through age 5 are free, youth ages 6-17 are $2, and seniors 65 and
older are $4. Annual passes are available, and there is no admission charge on
Sundays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Artifact from Native American Civil War soldiers joins 'Conceived in
Liberty' exhibit

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Beaded headband in tan and brown with the words COL C.V. DELAND I. MSS. RGT
1863A beaded headband made by the Native American soldiers of Company K of the
1st Michigan Sharpshooters as a gift for their commanding officer is now part of
the "Conceived in Liberty" special exhibit at the Michigan Historical Museum in
Lansing.

Many of the Native Americans who formed Company K of the 1st Michigan
Sharpshooters had tried to enlist at the beginning of the war, but they were
rejected, along with black volunteers. When the United States began allowing
Indians to serve in 1863, they joined Company K.

"Company K made important contributions to the war effort, especially in the
fighting around Petersburg, Virginia, in 1864," said Sandra Clark, director of
the Michigan Historical Center. "We appreciate the loan of this significant
artifact, which gives visitors a tangible connection to these soldiers who saw
their service as part of their commitment to defend their homeland."

The men of Company K came from Michigan tribal communities that had just spent
30 years fighting against removal to western lands in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Individual Anishnaabek communities had negotiated a series of treaties to keep
their lands and rights in Michigan. Their commanding officer was Colonel Charles
V. Deland. Editor of the Jackson Citizen newspaper before the war, Deland formed
the 1st Sharpshooters in 1862, after serving with the 9th Michigan Infantry. The
loan to the museum also includes the telegram Deland sent home after he was
injured at Petersburg.

When the fighting in the trenches surrounding Petersburg reached a stalemate,
Union engineers exploded a large mine under Confederate lines on July 20, 1864.
Union troops attacked across the crater left by the explosion and were decimated
by fire from above. Private Antoine Scott of Company K was cited for a Medal of
Honor for his actions that day and later during the attack on General Robert E.
Lee's retreat from Petersburg. He never was officially recognized for his
repeated acts of bravery. He died at the age of 37.

When Petersburg finally fell to northern forces, the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters
were among the men who first raised the Union flag at the Petersburg Courthouse.
It is not known if men from Company K helped hoist the flag.

To learn more about Michigan's contributions to the end of the U.S. Civil War
and the impact of Reconstruction on the state, visit the Michigan Historical
Museum's special exhibit, "Conceived in Liberty." The exhibit runs until Sept.
27, 2015. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/museum.

The museum and visitor parking are on the north side of Kalamazoo Street, two
blocks east of M. L. King Jr. Boulevard. Weekend parking is free. General
admission fees for the Michigan Historical Museum are $6 for adults 18-64,
children through age 5 are free, youth ages 6-17 are $2, and seniors 65 and
older are $4. Annual passes are available, and there is no admission charge on
Sundays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                          December 16, 2009 Wednesday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

L.I. TRIBE NEARS FEDERAL RECOGNITION;
POSSIBLE CASINO COMPETITION

BYLINE: ERIC GERSHON egershon@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 524 words


The U.S. Department of the Interior proposed federal recognition Tuesday for the
Shinnecock Indians of Eastern Long Island, a step that significantly increases
the possibility of a new competitor for Connecticut's two struggling tribal
casinos.

The Shinnecock Indian Nation of Southampton, N. Y., tried to open a casino in
2003.

A 90-day comment period will follow Tuesday's decision, followed by an extra 30
days for the Shinnecocks. The soonest the Interior Department could issue a
final recognition ruling is mid-May, according to Nedra Darling, an Interior
Department spokeswoman.

A spokesman for the Mohegans, Chuck Bunnell, said that Mohegan Sun would not
view a Shinnecock casino as competition. Bunnell extended congratulations to the
Shinnecocks from Lynn Malerba, chairwoman of the Mohegan Tribal Council.

"The Mohegans have had a long-standing position that they support tribal
governmental gaming as a way for Native American governments to provide for
their people," Bunnell said.

In an interview earlier Tuesday, though, Mitchell Etess, chief executive of
Mohegan Sun, acknowledged the potential threat. "Clearly enough," he said, "a
recognized tribe over in Long Island leads to the possibility sometime of
another casino there."

Executives with Foxwoods and its tribal owner, the Pequots, declined to comment.
Foxwoods is trying to renegotiate billions of dollars in debt.

Southampton is on Long Island's South Fork, one of two peninsulas at the
island's eastern end, about 90 miles east of Manhattan. Ferries from New London
travel to the North Fork.

Regional competition is a growing problem for Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun as
legislatures in other Northeastern states consider liberalizing their gambling
laws. Both casinos are trying to expand outside of Connecticut. Mohegan is
preparing to build a casino resort in western Massachusetts, in case that state
authorizes tribal gaming. Foxwoods is trying to build a casino in downtown
Philadelphia.

But casinos nationwide are struggling as gamblers cut spending in weak economic
times. Slot machine revenues at both Connecticut casinos fell again in November,
according to reports issued by the casinos Tuesday.

The Shinnecocks, already recognized by New York State, have a population of
1,066 and an existing reservation in Southampton. Tuesday's announcement meets a
negotiated, court-approved deadline for the Interior Department to issue its
proposed decision.

There are 564 federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native tribal
governments.

Recognition gives tribes access to a variety of U.S. federal grant programs for
housing loans and other benefits.

Shinnecock leaders have said they are willing to negotiate an appropriate site
for a casino, either on Long Island or in the Catskills upstate, the Associated
Press reported.

"We're not even going to address it tonight," tribal chairman Randy King told AP
in a telephone interview when asked about a casino. When pressed, he said that
the tribe would "work closely with state, local officials and congressional
leaders" on the subject.

"It's a great exhale that the tribe is doing, but we've always known who we
are," King said.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 20, 2012

NE Putting Bets on Casinos

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10 Vol. 36 No. 46

LENGTH: 1467  words


Financially squeezed Northeast states are chasing revenue from gambling in a
fast-changing market with increasing competition among both casino operators and
states.

Competitors in this supersized dominoes contest include Massachusetts, which is
gearing toward casino openings amid licensing delays while Rhode Island makes
countermoves; New York, which is pushing for full-scale private casinos; and New
Jersey, which wants to add team sports betting at its Atlantic City casinos in
the face of a legal challenge from the professional and college sports
establishment.

All the new entrants threaten Connecticut's two massive Native American tribal
casinos, which already have trouble servicing their debts.

"Certainly the Northeast has become a lot more crowded in the last couple of
years as states have added or expanded gaming options," said Standard & Poor's
analyst Melissa Long. "States know their residents are leaving to play in other
states and would rather keep those tax dollars in-state. As gaming in the region
has expanded, existing operators must compete more intensely for customers'
discretionary dollars."

The maneuvering includes debt restructuring and merger and acquisition plays by
Native American tribes that operate casinos. Notably, the Mashantucket Pequot
Tribal Nation, which runs Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard, Conn., announced a
$2.2 billion corporate debt restructuring with steering committees of its
lenders and bondholders.

The compromise ended three years of negotiations between creditors and the
Pequots after they defaulted on a $7 million interest payment on $500 million of
debt.

"This represents a critical step for our business," said Foxwoods chief
executive Scott Butera. "It provides for a capital structure that will support
significant investments in our gaming and hospitality businesses."

Expect more moves and countermoves throughout the region to drown out that sigh
of relief.

Massachusetts, which passed enabling legislation last year with an eye on a
potential $2 billion in annual wagers, formally began its application process
recently.

Two weeks ago the state signed an agreement with the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe,
which plans a casino in Taunton, near the Rhode Island state line. The next step
is approval from the U.S. Department of the Interior.

But Massachusetts casino doors may not open until 2015 or 2016, as
commonwealth's new gaming commission's licensing process is moving at a
cumbersome pace. Officials there carved three districts, with eyes cast on such
border markets as Rhode Island and Albany, N.Y.

"In Massachusetts, the timing is certainly up in the air. Dealing with multiple
levels of government adds a level of uncertainty regarding when the licensing
will be done," Long said. "This will give existing operators in New England a
chance to plan for the impact of competition. In Rhode Island, you have table
games as a defensive play. The delays will also give existing operators a little
more time to recover somewhat from the recession and improve balance sheets
ahead of additional competition."

Rhode Island's legislature passed an end-of-session bill two months ago that
would give the state 18% of the take from table games such as poker, blackjack
and craps at its Twin River and Newport Grand facilities, should voters approve
an enabling referendum in November.

Moody's Investors Service warned in a report last year about a
"keeping-up-with-the-Joneses" mindset that it said "will only further deluge a
market that is already saturated and forced to reach out to farther distances to
attract the same number of customers."

In New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo trumpeted his casino initiative in his state of
the state address last winter, although he later dropped plans for a casino
resort and convention center in New York City's Queens borough at Aqueduct
Racetrack. That facility added slot machines last fall.

Another story with national implications is playing out in New Jersey.
Proponents of Atlantic City sports betting say the Garden State could generate
money that now goes to illegal bookmakers and offshore gambling websites.

Last week, the major sports leagues and the National Collegiate Athletic
Association sued in the U.S. District Court in Trenton to keep New Jersey from
launching sports betting. The sports leagues say the law Gov. Chris Christie
signed in January violates the federal Professional and Amateur Sports
Protection Act, which bans betting on team sports in all states except Nevada,
Delaware, Montana and Oregon.

Meanwhile, Christie signed a bill allowing mobile gambling devices in the state.

"New Jersey recognizes how crowded the field is and they're pursuing a new
outlet with sports betting. But New Jersey will not get this up and running
without a lot of legal challenges. This battle will be interesting," said Bob
Boland, academic chair of New York University's Tisch Center for Hospitality,
Tourism and Sports Management.

Boland said a growth in team-sports betting could produce joint ventures for
casinos. He cited Mohegan Sun's ownership of a Women's National Basketball
Association franchise, the Connecticut Sun, which plays its home games at the
casino complex.

"This is a case where sports and casino are a combined business," Boland said.
"You have a cross-pollination. One promotes the other."

Many observers say Atlantic City gambling is already at overcapacity. No casinos
have closed there, however, and the new Revel opened June. The other tribally
owned casino in southeastern Connecticut, Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, announced
plans to take over management of Resorts Casino Hotel in Atlantic City. That
would situate Mohegan between its Connecticut and Pocono Downs facility in
Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

Moody's called the agreement credit positive for Mohegan. "If the company can
boost Resorts' financial performance in a challenging market like Atlantic City,
MTGA will likely attract additional management-contract business," the ratings
agency.

Foxwoods' three-year battle to restructure debt has cast a spotlight on tribal
-owned casinos.

"They compete against commercial operators. In some ways that's a challenge and
in some ways that's a benefit," said Fitch Ratings analyst Michael Paladino.
"What happens with the Native American operators is that they typically have
some set of exclusivity provisions set up within their state gaming compacts."

But they're still vulnerable to competition beyond state borders, he said.

Under the Foxwoods restructuring, Mashantucket will rework its senior-secured
debt facility and loans from Kien Huat, the Malaysian investment company that
originally financed the casino, into two term loans with five- and seven-year
maturities, respectively.

Mashantucket bondholders are to receive new securities with lengthened
maturities of 13, 18 and 23 years based on the seniority of the existing bonds,
with maturities set from the restructuring date.

Holders of Mashantucket's subordinated special revenue obligations and 8.5%
notes will receive new debt at a discount to face value of accrued principal and
interest, Foxwoods said. Bank of America and Wells Fargo will arrange a $30
million working capital facility for the tribe, with a 30-month term beginning
on the restructuring date.

The steering committees include Bank of America as administrative agent to
Mashantucket's senior-secured credit facility plus representatives for other
lenders and bondholders at each level of the capital structure.

Foxwoods' negotiations with creditors were highly complex. "There were numerous
creditors in the capital structure and that's why it took so long. We're in
three years of post-default now," said Paladino.

Mohegan officials acknowledged the regional elbowing in a recent conference call
with investors.

"Frankly, our table games are being impacted more by Aqueduct than we
anticipated," Mitchell Etess, chief executive of parent company Mohegan Tribal
Gaming Authority, said while reporting what he called lackluster results for the
quarter ended June 30. Mohegan's $9.4 million net income for April through June
was down about 68%, and its $344 million revenue was down 4.7%.

The conventional wisdom that Native American businesses are government units
ineligible for federal bankruptcy protection could face a test in a Southern
California courtroom.

Santa Ysabel Resort and Casino filed under Chapter 11 last month in the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of California in San Diego.

Secured creditor Yavapai Apache Nation has filed for dismissal, arguing that by
tribal ordinance, the casino is part of the Iipay Nation of Santa Ysabel and not
a separate legal entity. Judge Peter Bowie has scheduled a Sept. 4 hearing.

The results of that case could resonate nationally.

"It will be interesting to see how that plays out," Paladino said.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Officials, Penobscot Nation;
Broach tribal housing needs

BYLINE: AIMEE DOLLOFF OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C4

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: INDIAN ISLAND


Federal, regional and local housing officials met Friday with members of the
Penobscot Indian Nation as part of an outreach tour to learn about the needs and
successes of Maine American Indians when it comes to tribal housing.

"You don't really learn all that much by just sitting in your office," Michael
Liu, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's assistant secretary for
public and Indian housing, said Friday.

Chief Barry Dana, members of the tribal council, Indian Island Housing Authority
Director Craig Sanborn, and members of the island's housing committee told Liu
and the regional and local HUD officials about housing projects in the works and
shared their needs and concerns for the future at the gathering.

The group was originally scheduled to meet Thursday morning, but the HUD
officials were not able to attend because of scheduling constraints. The
officials had visited other reservations in Maine this week to discuss similar
issues.

During Friday's visit, HUD officials said they were impressed with the tribe's
assisted-living facility, which is being built across the road from the Indian
Island Elementary School and is scheduled to be completed by January.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provided some grant money
for the construction and operation of the facility that will house six tribal
members who can no longer care for themselves.

"Once we get operational, it will be the only one in Indian country in the state
of Maine," Sanborn said in a previous interview.

Obtaining mortgages has been another struggle for tribal members in the past.
Before 2002, only five home mortgages had been issued to tribal members because
banks had no way to get at the capital in case the customer defaulted on the
loan.

With the development of Four Directions Development Corp., tribal members are
now able to get mortgages much more easily.

FDDC, a nonprofit community development financial institution, assists members
of Maine's American Indian tribes: the Aroostook Band of Micmac Indians, the
Houlton Band of Maliseets, the Passamaquoddy Tribes of Indian Township and
Pleasant Point and the Penobscot Nation. FDDC focuses on financing affordable
housing and business enterprises for members of these four tribes, known as the
Wabanaki Alliance.

And it appears that the program is successful. In the last two years, 25
mortgages have been issued to tribal members, according to Sanborn.

"There is still a lot of work that we have to do," Sanborn said, noting that the
Penobscots are embarking on another housing venture off the reservation.

The tribe has purchased 700 acres in Argyle, which is receiving soil tests and
is being surveyed to determine the feasibility of putting a tribal housing
development on the site.

"We're literally an island community, and essentially we have run out of land,"
Sanborn explained.

Penobscot leaders are working to have the land entered into the land trust, but
say the process is slow, and with a waiting list of about 40 people, the need is
urgent.

On top of the delays in the legislative and legal process, the tribe doesn't
have the money to fund necessities for the project, such as lights and roads, or
the money to bus children who live in the development to and from school.

Liu offered suggestions about additional grants and ways to foster economic
development that may be able to assist in moving the project forward.

"I will do my best to see what I can do to help," Liu said. "We don't want to
slow down the momentum that you've got."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 8, 1999 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Reservation sets sights on development

BYLINE: CHET BROKAW The Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 457 words


PIERRE, S.D. -- The Oglala Sioux are making plans to create 1,000 jobs, enhance
job training and improve housing and other services on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation in the next decade.

The reservation was named an empowerment zone under a federal program in
January. The designation means the area will get some federal tax breaks and at
least $2 million a year for projects in the next 10 years.

Task forces have been set up in each of the reservation's nine districts to help
come up with detailed plans for the economic development effort. A board of
directors, with one representative from each district task force and three
members of the tribal government, will oversee the grants and the projects.

"It's all based on empowering grass-roots people," said Pat Gross of the U.S.
Agriculture Department's Rural Development agency.

The projects planned under the empowerment zone work in conjunction with
President Clinton's program to encourage private investment in impoverished
areas, Gross said. Clinton visited Pine Ridge and other poor areas across the
nation in July to urge private businesses to invest there.

Five goals have been set for the empowerment zone program, Gross said:

Create 1,000 jobs.

Make sure at least 90 percent of the reservation's families live in good
housing.

Get at least half of the reservation's families off welfare.

Train a skilled workforce.

Provide basic services to most families.

The program likely will set up an operation to build houses in cooperation with
tribal and federal agencies, Gross said. That would provide employment, job
training and housing, he said.

Private companies must work with government agencies to boost the economy on the
Pine Ridge, he said.

Residents have had trouble starting businesses because few banks made business
loans in the area. Businesses also have avoided locating on reservations because
of fears that their interests would not be protected by tribal law. The new
program should help overcome such problems, Gross said.

Some people already are interested in starting motels or building office space
on the reservation, Gross said. When he visits Pine Ridge, Gross is struck by
the need for services for young people. About half of the reservation's
population is younger than 21.

"I come back distressed about the youth and the lack of opportunity for them,"
he said.

Many families need better nutrition, public transportation, affordable child
care, telephones and emergency services, Gross said. Many homes don't have
running water or sewer lines, he said.

Shannon County, which makes up a majority of the reservation, has been called
the nation's poorest county. It has the nation's highest percentage of
households with incomes below the poverty level -- about 57 percent.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               Kiva Advisors LLC

                         1291 Galleria Drive  Suite 210
                              Henderson,  NV 89014
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (888) 631-6690
URL: www.kivaadvisors.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Kiva Advisors, LLC provides professional services and online lending industry
expertise to facilitate Tribal lending entities to establish online loan
portfolios for payday loans, installment loans and other types of short term
sub-prime loan and credit products.  Kiva Advisors, LLC is active and successful
at all of the following:   Exclusive representation of Native American Tribes
who are interested in working with investors and lenders in the sovereign
lending model. Identification of existing lenders currently operating in the
state-by-state or offshore lending model who are interested in migrating their
existing loan portfolios to a sovereign lending model and require a Native
American Tribe to work with. Introducing high net worth individuals or
deep-pocket investment groups who are interested in getting started as online
lenders using the sovereign lending model. Securing the investment capital to
apply towards online loan portfolios managed by the Kiva Advisors team. Job
creation opportunities on the reservation to improve the quality of life and
deliver economic benefits to the Tribes working with Kiva Advisors. picture
The principals at Kiva Advisors have broad-based online lending industry
expertise and a platform of 'menu style' solutions that can be customized and
applied to the specific needs of the lenders and Tribes as necessary. Assembled
from many months of research and extensive guidance from several of the best law
firms specializing in both online lend

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Tribe obtains financing for new offices

BYLINE: George Brennan, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 730 words


Sept. 16--MASHPEE -- For three years the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe has focused
much of its energy and resources on building a world-class Indian casino. But
with that dream still very much in limbo, the tribe is now looking to build a
$12.7 million government center.

The 40,000-square-foot building -- about 15,000 square feet smaller than a Super
Stop & Shop proposed for Hyannis -- will house the tribe's administrative
offices, health clinic and the tribal court, Wampanoag chairman Cedric Cromwell
said. It will also feature a gymnasium, a library, a function hall and a lounge
for tribal elders, he said.

The building's design includes curved rooflines to reflect the shape of turtles,
which are "strong, steady and wise," Cromwell said. Inside, a waterfall will
signify the Wampanoag tradition with the Mashpee River and other water sources,
he said.

"We are definitely excited to move forward with this," Cromwell said. "We can
unify our services and have a meeting place -- it's a dream. It's really
something to be proud of."

A permanent headquarters

The building is being proposed for land owned by the tribe at 483 Great Neck
Road South, where its offices are now housed in an old office building and
temporary trailers.

The tribe, despite its recognition as a sovereign nation in 2007, will have to
go through the town permitting process because the land has not yet been taken
into trust by the federal government, Cromwell said.

The trust process has been stalled by a February 2009 U.S. Supreme Court ruling
that calls into question the U.S. Department of the Interior's ability to take
land into trust for tribes recognized after 1934.

Town officials this week said the tribe need only apply for a building permit to
begin construction of the facility, as it's considered a government building and
is exempt from the special permit process. The tribe has not yet applied for the
building permit, a spokesman for the town's building department said.

Projects undertaken by the Mashpee Wampanoag are also immune from Cape Cod
Commission review because of the tribe's sovereign status, a spokeswoman for the
regional planning agency said. Typically a project of 10,000 square feet or more
triggers commission review.

Financed with USDA loan

Financing for the $12.7 million building is being funded through a loan from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's rural development office, said Jennifer Lerch,
a Native American coordinator for the federal agency.

The 30-year loan is being financed with an innovative method of repayment, Lerch
said. The tribe will use money it receives through funding for federal programs
such as health care and housing.

Typically, 30 cents of every $1 received by the tribe is set aside to cover
overhead costs like rent, utilities and other costs not directly related to
services covered by the funding. Instead of using that money to rent places such
as Mashpee High School for its tribe meetings, the Mashpee Wampanoag will use
those funds to repay the $12.7 million, she said. The tribe estimates it will
save $150,000 per year on rental fees, which it can add to loan repayment.

"To my knowledge, the only time this was done in this way is in Alaska," Lerch
said. Without such a funding approach, a tribe without casino revenue would be
hard-pressed to get financing for such a project, she said, especially at the 4
percent interest it will be charged.

In return, the expanded space will give the tribe the ability to secure even
more federal funding, she said.

"For some programs, like health care, if a tribe doesn't have space, they don't
get a penny," Lerch said.

The tribe expects to close on the financing for the project next month and will
begin seeking bids from contractors. Once a contractor is hired, the tribe hopes
to get shovels in the ground in December or by spring at the latest, Cromwell
said. During construction, the tribe will seek temporary housing for its
offices, he said.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100916-CA-Tribe-obtains-financing-for-new-offices-0916-20100916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2010 Cape Code Times


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Tribe obtains financing for modern new offices

BYLINE: George Brennan, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 730 words


Sept. 16--MASHPEE -- For three years the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe has focused
much of its energy and resources on building a world-class Indian casino. But
with that dream still very much in limbo, the tribe is now looking to build a
$12.7 million government center.

The 40,000-square-foot building -- about 15,000 square feet smaller than a Super
Stop & Shop proposed for Hyannis -- will house the tribe's administrative
offices, health clinic and the tribal court, Wampanoag chairman Cedric Cromwell
said. It will also feature a gymnasium, a library, a function hall and a lounge
for tribal elders, he said.

The building's design includes curved rooflines to reflect the shape of turtles,
which are "strong, steady and wise," Cromwell said. Inside, a waterfall will
signify the Wampanoag tradition with the Mashpee River and other water sources,
he said.

"We are definitely excited to move forward with this," Cromwell said. "We can
unify our services and have a meeting place -- it's a dream. It's really
something to be proud of."

A permanent headquarters

The building is being proposed for land owned by the tribe at 483 Great Neck
Road South, where its offices are now housed in an old office building and
temporary trailers.

The tribe, despite its recognition as a sovereign nation in 2007, will have to
go through the town permitting process because the land has not yet been taken
into trust by the federal government, Cromwell said.

The trust process has been stalled by a February 2009 U.S. Supreme Court ruling
that calls into question the U.S. Department of the Interior's ability to take
land into trust for tribes recognized after 1934.

Town officials this week said the tribe need only apply for a building permit to
begin construction of the facility, as it's considered a government building and
is exempt from the special permit process. The tribe has not yet applied for the
building permit, a spokesman for the town's building department said.

Projects undertaken by the Mashpee Wampanoag are also immune from Cape Cod
Commission review because of the tribe's sovereign status, a spokeswoman for the
regional planning agency said. Typically a project of 10,000 square feet or more
triggers commission review.

Financed with USDA loan

Financing for the $12.7 million building is being funded through a loan from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's rural development office, said Jennifer Lerch,
a Native American coordinator for the federal agency.

The 30-year loan is being financed with an innovative method of repayment, Lerch
said. The tribe will use money it receives through funding for federal programs
such as health care and housing.

Typically, 30 cents of every $1 received by the tribe is set aside to cover
overhead costs like rent, utilities and other costs not directly related to
services covered by the funding. Instead of using that money to rent places such
as Mashpee High School for its tribe meetings, the Mashpee Wampanoag will use
those funds to repay the $12.7 million, she said. The tribe estimates it will
save $150,000 per year on rental fees, which it can add to loan repayment.

"To my knowledge, the only time this was done in this way is in Alaska," Lerch
said. Without such a funding approach, a tribe without casino revenue would be
hard-pressed to get financing for such a project, she said, especially at the 4
percent interest it will be charged.

In return, the expanded space will give the tribe the ability to secure even
more federal funding, she said.

"For some programs, like health care, if a tribe doesn't have space, they don't
get a penny," Lerch said.

The tribe expects to close on the financing for the project next month and will
begin seeking bids from contractors. Once a contractor is hired, the tribe hopes
to get shovels in the ground in December or by spring at the latest, Cromwell
said. During construction, the tribe will seek temporary housing for its
offices, he said.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100916-CA-Tribe-obtains-financing-for-modern-new-offices-0916-20100916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2010 Cape Code Times


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 25, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Indian Farmers File Bias Suit Against Government

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 24


Indian farmers and ranchers sued the Agriculture Department today, alleging a
20-year history of discrimination in the granting of loans.

The lawsuit parallels a separate case brought by black farmers on the ground
that they too were subjected to discrimination when they sought loans and other
assistance from the department. That case was settled in April, at an estimated
cost of $2 billion.

The new suit, a class action brought by 213 Indians in Federal District Court
here, contends that Indians were told loans were not available when they were,
that loans were delayed until it was too late for the applicants to raise their
crops and that approved loans were sometimes less than requested, causing
financial and property losses.

The plaintiffs, who are seeking $19 billion on behalf of 19,000 Indians, also
maintain that in some instances they had to put up more collateral than their
white counterparts, a requirement that limited their ability to obtain further
loans.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman "is deeply committed to Native American civil
rights and in serving Native Americans," Susan McAvoy, a spokeswoman for the
department, said in response to the suit. "He is very concerned about the
lawsuit."

The chief lawyer for the plaintiffs, Alexander Pires, who also represented the
black farmers in their suit, said, "What our government has done to Native
American farmers and ranchers is a national disgrace."
 Mr. Pires said he would ask the government to agree to stop all pending
foreclosures on Indian farms.

Tex Hall, an Indian rancher of the Three Affiliated Tribes on the Fort Berthold
Reservation in North Dakota, said in a statement that the lawsuit was a result
of decades of discrimination by Agriculture Department agencies "against the
original indigenous people of this land."

"As indigenous people," Mr. Hall said, "we are the first farmers and ranchers of
this land. All we wanted is a fair chance to become successful."

To be eligible for participation in the class action, an Indian must have farmed
or ranched at any time from January 1981 to the present, must have applied for
benefits under a federal farm program and must have complained to the department
or tribal authorities about discriminatory treatment.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company
