
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Leek Post and Times

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Business grants available

SECTION: BUSINESS:FINANCE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 332  words


MILLIONS of pounds in grants are available to boost businesses and create jobs
in rural Staffordshire.

£2.25 million is available over the next five years to develop projects which
will deliver jobs and growth in Staffordshire's rural economy.

Gill Heath, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for Rural
Issues, said: "Staffordshire is a predominantly rural county and it is home to a
wide diversity of business and commerce.

"This grant scheme is aimed at supporting a wide range of businesses or new
entrepreneurs who can see an opportunity to expand and create jobs and need a
little help in getting their idea off the ground."

The Staffordshire LEADER programme is part of the Rural Development Programme
for England and is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development.

Delivered by the county council, grants can be for sums between £2,500 and
£40,000 and can fund up to 40 per cent of the total project costs, though more
can be awarded in exceptional circumstances.

Gill Heath added: "This is one of the largest LEADER programmes in England and
it reflects both the importance of rural business and industry to
Staffordshire's balanced economy and the fact that the county council has a
track record of ensuring that the millions of pounds of European funding we
successfully bid for are wisely and effectively spent."

Priority will be given to job creation schemes and bids are expected in the
following areas: Micro and small business support / farm diversification, Rural
tourism, Increasing farm productivity, Providing rural services, Culture and
heritage activities and Forestry.

Gill Heath said: "These grants are designed to reach the parts that others don't
to create rural employment and I would urge businesses, or entrepreneurs with an
idea, to get in touch and discuss it.

"Support will be provided to anyone wishing to apply to the LEADER programme."

More information can be found on the Staffordshire County Council website
www.staffsleader.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Peterson, Nolan Announce Funds for Initiative Foundation

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Representatives Collin Peterson and Rick Nolan today announced that Central
Minnesota's Initiative Foundation has been awarded a $250,000 grant from USDA
Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"The work done by the Initiative Foundation is so important to keeping Central
Minnesota's economy on the right path. Through this grant, the Foundation will
be able to broaden their assistance to our region's low-income rural communities
and help them take on important economic development projects," Peterson said.

"This grant and worthy projects it funds will contribute to more jobs, more
business activity and ultimately a better quality of life for so many people
across our region," Nolan added.

"This grant funding will enable us to serve up to nine additional communities
through our Thriving Communities Initiatives (TCI) program while continuing to
provide intensive technical assistance to the communities we are already
serving," said Kathy Gaalswyk, Initiative Foundation president. "We are so
grateful to the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative. They are a key
partner when it comes to building the capacity and opportunities for
income-eligible rural communities in Central Minnesota."

The Initiative Foundation, based in Little Falls, is a regional community
foundation serving the 14 counties of Central Minnesota. Through grants, loans,
leadership development and philanthropic services the Foundation helps local
leaders from rural communities carry out action plans that strengthen home
towns.

Through past partnerships with the USDA's RCDI, the Initiative Foundation has
increased the capacity of more than 900 local leaders representing 40 low-income
rural communities and one federally recognized tribe. These rural leaders have
since undertaken an array of housing, facilities, renewable energy, community
and economic development projects and have leveraged more than $10 million in
additional funding.

RCDI grants support rural housing, community facilities and economic development
projects. Funds may be used to develop child care facilities; provide education,
technical assistance and training; conduct strategic planning, and conduct other
projects that help local communities develop their capacity. Eligible grant
recipients are non-profit housing and community development organizations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Peterson, Nolan Announce Funds for Initiative Foundation

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Collin C.Peterson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Representatives Collin Peterson and Rick Nolan today announced that Central
Minnesota's Initiative Foundation has been awarded a $250,000 grant from USDA
Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.

"The work done by the Initiative Foundation is so important to keeping Central
Minnesota's economy on the right path. Through this grant, the Foundation will
be able to broaden their assistance to our region's low-income rural communities
and help them take on important economic development projects," Peterson said.

"This grant and worthy projects it funds will contribute to more jobs, more
business activity and ultimately a better quality of life for so many people
across our region," Nolan added.

"This grant funding will enable us to serve up to nine additional communities
through our Thriving Communities Initiatives (TCI) program while continuing to
provide intensive technical assistance to the communities we are already
serving," said Kathy Gaalswyk, Initiative Foundation president. "We are so
grateful to the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative. They are a key
partner when it comes to building the capacity and opportunities for
income-eligible rural communities in Central Minnesota."

The Initiative Foundation, based in Little Falls, is a regional community
foundation serving the 14 counties of Central Minnesota. Through grants, loans,
leadership development and philanthropic services the Foundation helps local
leaders from rural communities carry out action plans that strengthen home
towns.

Through past partnerships with the USDA's RCDI, the Initiative Foundation has
increased the capacity of more than 900 local leaders representing 40 low-income
rural communities and one federally recognized tribe. These rural leaders have
since undertaken an array of housing, facilities, renewable energy, community
and economic development projects and have leveraged more than $10 million in
additional funding.

RCDI grants support rural housing, community facilities and economic development
projects. Funds may be used to develop child care facilities; provide education,
technical assistance and training; conduct strategic planning, and conduct other
projects that help local communities develop their capacity. Eligible grant
recipients are non-profit housing and community development organizations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Rural Cooperative Development Grant

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    RDBCP-RCDG-2017

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Rural Cooperative Development Grant

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Business and Commerce

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    39

 CFDA Number(s):    10.771 -- Rural Cooperative Development Grants

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 27, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 27, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 26, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 26, 2017

 Archive Date:    Jun 25, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $200,000

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS,
other than institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Business and Cooperative Programs

 Description:    The primary objective of the RCDG program is to improve the
economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in the
startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and other
business entities. Grants are awarded competitively on an annual basis to Rural
Cooperative Development Centers who in turn provide technical assistance to
individuals and entities.

 Link to Additional Information:    RCDG Program Website

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contct: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Belper News

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

£1.7m grant aid up for grabs to grow rural businesses in Derbyshire

LENGTH: 294  words


Small businesses, farmers and community groups in parts of Derbyshire Dales and
High Peak are being given financial help to develop and grow.

Grants of more than £2,500 are available from the Peak LEADER Rural Grants
Scheme which is being managed by Derbyshire County Council on behalf of the
Derbyshire Economic Partnership.

The grants can also be used to help:

l  Increase farm productivity and improvement

l Farm diversification

l Small business support

l Provide new services in rural areas

l Small scale culture and heritage developments and improvements

l New small tourist attractions

l Forestry improvements (woodland management).

Councillor Anne Western,  cabinet member for economic development, said:
"Farming and small businesses are the lifeblood of many rural communities and
play an important role in Derbyshire's economy.

"We're committed to building a strong economy that creates jobs and grows
businesses and these grants are a welcome boost for rural communities in the
Derbyshire Dales and High Peak."

Bids will be considered by the programme's Local Action Group which is made up
of representatives from the local authorities, voluntary groups, community
groups and businesses in the Peak District.

Successful applicants will receive a share of  £1.7 million which has been
awarded to the scheme.

Councillor Lewis Rose, who chairs the action group,  said: "We will champion and
support entrepreneurial communities, ensuring that innovative ideas to improve
and add to our rural services can be tested and delivered."

The first deadline for outline applications is January 8, 2016. Anyone
interested in applying can visit www.derbyshireeconomicpartnership.org.uk/Rural
-Derbyshire/Leader-in-the-Peak-2015-to-2020for details or email
Peakleader@derbyshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NBEN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Buxton Advertiser

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

£1.7m grant aid up for grabs to grow rural businesses in Derbyshire

LENGTH: 294  words


Small businesses, farmers and community groups in parts of Derbyshire Dales and
High Peak are being given financial help to develop and grow.

Grants of more than £2,500 are available from the Peak LEADER Rural Grants
Scheme which is being managed by Derbyshire County Council on behalf of the
Derbyshire Economic Partnership.

The grants can also be used to help:

l  Increase farm productivity and improvement

l Farm diversification

l Small business support

l Provide new services in rural areas

l Small scale culture and heritage developments and improvements

l New small tourist attractions

l Forestry improvements (woodland management).

Councillor Anne Western,  cabinet member for economic development, said:
"Farming and small businesses are the lifeblood of many rural communities and
play an important role in Derbyshire's economy.

"We're committed to building a strong economy that creates jobs and grows
businesses and these grants are a welcome boost for rural communities in the
Derbyshire Dales and High Peak."

Bids will be considered by the programme's Local Action Group which is made up
of representatives from the local authorities, voluntary groups, community
groups and businesses in the Peak District.

Successful applicants will receive a share of  £1.7 million which has been
awarded to the scheme.

Councillor Lewis Rose, who chairs the action group,  said: "We will champion and
support entrepreneurial communities, ensuring that innovative ideas to improve
and add to our rural services can be tested and delivered."

The first deadline for outline applications is January 8, 2016. Anyone
interested in applying can visit www.derbyshireeconomicpartnership.org.uk/Rural
-Derbyshire/Leader-in-the-Peak-2015-to-2020for details or email
Peakleader@derbyshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NBUA


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Derbyshire Times

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

£1.7m grant aid up for grabs to grow rural businesses in Derbyshire

LENGTH: 294  words


Small businesses, farmers and community groups in parts of Derbyshire Dales and
High Peak are being given financial help to develop and grow.

Grants of more than £2,500 are available from the Peak LEADER Rural Grants
Scheme which is being managed by Derbyshire County Council on behalf of the
Derbyshire Economic Partnership.

The grants can also be used to help:

l  Increase farm productivity and improvement

l Farm diversification

l Small business support

l Provide new services in rural areas

l Small scale culture and heritage developments and improvements

l New small tourist attractions

l Forestry improvements (woodland management).

Councillor Anne Western,  cabinet member for economic development, said:
"Farming and small businesses are the lifeblood of many rural communities and
play an important role in Derbyshire's economy.

"We're committed to building a strong economy that creates jobs and grows
businesses and these grants are a welcome boost for rural communities in the
Derbyshire Dales and High Peak."

Bids will be considered by the programme's Local Action Group which is made up
of representatives from the local authorities, voluntary groups, community
groups and businesses in the Peak District.

Successful applicants will receive a share of  £1.7 million which has been
awarded to the scheme.

Councillor Lewis Rose, who chairs the action group,  said: "We will champion and
support entrepreneurial communities, ensuring that innovative ideas to improve
and add to our rural services can be tested and delivered."

The first deadline for outline applications is January 8, 2016. Anyone
interested in applying can visit www.derbyshireeconomicpartnership.org.uk/Rural
-Derbyshire/Leader-in-the-Peak-2015-to-2020for details or email
Peakleader@derbyshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDEP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Matlock Mercury

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

£1.7m grant aid up for grabs to grow rural businesses in Derbyshire

LENGTH: 294  words


Small businesses, farmers and community groups in parts of Derbyshire Dales and
High Peak are being given financial help to develop and grow.

Grants of more than £2,500 are available from the Peak LEADER Rural Grants
Scheme which is being managed by Derbyshire County Council on behalf of the
Derbyshire Economic Partnership.

The grants can also be used to help:

l  Increase farm productivity and improvement

l Farm diversification

l Small business support

l Provide new services in rural areas

l Small scale culture and heritage developments and improvements

l New small tourist attractions

l Forestry improvements (woodland management).

Councillor Anne Western,  cabinet member for economic development, said:
"Farming and small businesses are the lifeblood of many rural communities and
play an important role in Derbyshire's economy.

"We're committed to building a strong economy that creates jobs and grows
businesses and these grants are a welcome boost for rural communities in the
Derbyshire Dales and High Peak."

Bids will be considered by the programme's Local Action Group which is made up
of representatives from the local authorities, voluntary groups, community
groups and businesses in the Peak District.

Successful applicants will receive a share of  £1.7 million which has been
awarded to the scheme.

Councillor Lewis Rose, who chairs the action group,  said: "We will champion and
support entrepreneurial communities, ensuring that innovative ideas to improve
and add to our rural services can be tested and delivered."

The first deadline for outline applications is January 8, 2016. Anyone
interested in applying can visit www.derbyshireeconomicpartnership.org.uk/Rural
-Derbyshire/Leader-in-the-Peak-2015-to-2020for details or email
Peakleader@derbyshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMAM


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Ripley & Heanor News

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

£1.7m grant aid up for grabs to grow rural businesses in Derbyshire

LENGTH: 294  words


Small businesses, farmers and community groups in parts of Derbyshire Dales and
High Peak are being given financial help to develop and grow.

Grants of more than £2,500 are available from the Peak LEADER Rural Grants
Scheme which is being managed by Derbyshire County Council on behalf of the
Derbyshire Economic Partnership.

The grants can also be used to help:

l  Increase farm productivity and improvement

l Farm diversification

l Small business support

l Provide new services in rural areas

l Small scale culture and heritage developments and improvements

l New small tourist attractions

l Forestry improvements (woodland management).

Councillor Anne Western,  cabinet member for economic development, said:
"Farming and small businesses are the lifeblood of many rural communities and
play an important role in Derbyshire's economy.

"We're committed to building a strong economy that creates jobs and grows
businesses and these grants are a welcome boost for rural communities in the
Derbyshire Dales and High Peak."

Bids will be considered by the programme's Local Action Group which is made up
of representatives from the local authorities, voluntary groups, community
groups and businesses in the Peak District.

Successful applicants will receive a share of  £1.7 million which has been
awarded to the scheme.

Councillor Lewis Rose, who chairs the action group,  said: "We will champion and
support entrepreneurial communities, ensuring that innovative ideas to improve
and add to our rural services can be tested and delivered."

The first deadline for outline applications is January 8, 2016. Anyone
interested in applying can visit www.derbyshireeconomicpartnership.org.uk/Rural
-Derbyshire/Leader-in-the-Peak-2015-to-2020for details or email
Peakleader@derbyshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRHN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 28, 2014

Native American housing entities receive funding

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 259  words


Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Coalition of Indian Housing
Authorities of North Dakota (CI-HAND) has been awarded a federal grant totaling
$177,614. The federal funding, which is awarded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (RBEG), will be
used to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance to small
and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near
reservations.

"This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help
small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state,"
said Hoeven. "Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to
maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our
economy growing."

The RBEG program provides grants for a broad array of projects that support
economic development in rural communities, such as financing and facilitating
development of rural businesses, helping fund distance learning networks and
helping fund employment related adult education programs.

As a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a conferee on the 2014 farm
bill conference committee, Senator Hoeven helped to negotiate the final version
of the farm bill, which reauthorized funding for the RBEG program. Hoeven also
serves as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture, where he is working to secure funds that empower North Dakota
communities to improve educational and economic opportunity for their residents.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               September 5, 2014

Prepare for new grant schemes

BYLINE: Mark Wheeler

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 794 words



HIGHLIGHT: Grant schemes under the reformed CAP will open in England from next
year. Consultant

Mark Wheeler

of Brown & Co looks at what is likely to be available


The emphasis of the CAP is shifting to new decoupled payments promoting rural
development and management of the countryside.

The scope of these so-called Pillar 2 payments is increasingly wide, so farmers
and landowners need to understand how to make the most of the new Rural
Development Programme for England (RDPE), which will begin on 1 January 2015.

Under the scheme, grants will again be awarded on a competitive basis, so those
making the strongest cases will have the best chance of securing funds.
Successful bids will involve projects giving the best value in terms of
improving productivity, efficiency and/or the health of the rural economy.

Funding could be considered for capital items or for revenue support. It will be
important to identify which scheme is most relevant to ensure efforts are
focused in the right area. Rural businesses need to think laterally about what
items and projects might be eligible and whether they can meet the criteria.

As well as the benefits these grants offer to farming enterprises, there will be
opportunities for help to develop energy, employment, tourism and other
diversifications.

Over the next seven years the programme will invest Â£3.5bn in a range of
schemes supporting three key areas:

î  Managing the environment

î  Increasing farming and forestry productivity

î  Growing the rural economy

Anyone with a project already in mind should start to prepare in good time.

The first area â   managing the environment â   will be covered by a single
scheme, the New Environmental Land Management Scheme (NELMS), which will account
for Â£3.1bn of the RDP funding.

This will replace the existing Environmental Stewardship and English Woodland
Grant schemes and is likely to have broad appeal. Successful agreements are
likely to start from 1 January 2016 and will normally run for five years.

That leaves considerable funds for the second and third areas. Final guidance on
exactly what these entail and how to apply is expected in the next few months.

We do know that there will be about Â£140m to increase farming and forestry
productivity over the life of the programme. This area has several aims,
including:

î  Innovation through the use of new technology and research

î  Improving skills and training

î  Greater co-operation between farmers and others, including agri-food
businesses, in the land-based sectors

î  Supporting projects that benefit the environment

The new scheme, the Farming and Forestry Production Scheme (FFPS), will replace
the very practical and valuable Farm and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FFIS).

It is likely to be similar to FFIS, consisting of a number of rounds  offering
small-scale grants targeted at quite specific areas that can generally deliver
very strong returns to the business employing them.

Recent FFIS priorities have included nutrient management (for example, GPS
technology to assist with nutrient application) as well as energy saving and
water resource management. Under FFIS, 40% grants in lowland areas and 50% in
upland areas to a maximum of Â£35,000 were available. The schemeâ  s popularity
is demonstrated by the fact that bids worth Â£26m were put in for the Â£10m
available in the final round.

Brown & Co had a success rate of more than 98% in the most recent round, with
precision farming guidance systems accounting for the bulk of our FFIS
applications and bringing significant environmental as well as economic
benefits. On average grants of close to Â£8,000 were awarded.

Grants will also be administered through regional Local Enterprise Partnerships
(LEPs) and Local Action Groups (LAGs).

LEPs will target Â£177m at rural priorities such as:

î  Development of business knowledge and skills

î  Supporting small or microbusinesses

î  Investing in broadband and renewable energy

î  Promoting rural tourism

LAGs are formed under an EU programme known as Leader which encourages local
representatives to become involved in shaping development priorities.

These groups will have Â£138m to spend during the programme, available to
farmers, foresters, other local businesses and rural communities. This money
represent a real opportunity â   themes will be much wider than the FFPS and not
necessarily exclusively agricultural.

LEPs and LAGs are bidding for funds and shaping what projects they will support,
so it is well worth farmers getting involved or at least making an effort to
meet some of those on the boards and in local groups to either shape the
priorities or at least understand them.

5 september 2014 î  FarmersWeekly

grants

BUSINESS

As well as schemes under the RDPE umbrella, many other significant grants are
available, often to all business sectors. In the east of the country there are
about 20 avenues that could be pursued.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2014 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               September 5, 2014

Prepare for new grant schemes

BYLINE: Mark Wheeler

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 794 words



HIGHLIGHT: Grant schemes under the reformed CAP will open in England from next
year. Consultant

Mark Wheeler

of Brown & Co looks at what is likely to be available


The emphasis of the CAP is shifting to new decoupled payments promoting rural
development and management of the countryside.

The scope of these so-called Pillar 2 payments is increasingly wide, so farmers
and landowners need to understand how to make the most of the new Rural
Development Programme for England (RDPE), which will begin on 1 January 2015.

Under the scheme, grants will again be awarded on a competitive basis, so those
making the strongest cases will have the best chance of securing funds.
Successful bids will involve projects giving the best value in terms of
improving productivity, efficiency and/or the health of the rural economy.

Funding could be considered for capital items or for revenue support. It will be
important to identify which scheme is most relevant to ensure efforts are
focused in the right area. Rural businesses need to think laterally about what
items and projects might be eligible and whether they can meet the criteria.

As well as the benefits these grants offer to farming enterprises, there will be
opportunities for help to develop energy, employment, tourism and other
diversifications.

Over the next seven years the programme will invest Â£3.5bn in a range of
schemes supporting three key areas:

î  Managing the environment

î  Increasing farming and forestry productivity

î  Growing the rural economy

Anyone with a project already in mind should start to prepare in good time.

The first area â   managing the environment â   will be covered by a single
scheme, the New Environmental Land Management Scheme (NELMS), which will account
for Â£3.1bn of the RDP funding.

This will replace the existing Environmental Stewardship and English Woodland
Grant schemes and is likely to have broad appeal. Successful agreements are
likely to start from 1 January 2016 and will normally run for five years.

That leaves considerable funds for the second and third areas. Final guidance on
exactly what these entail and how to apply is expected in the next few months.

We do know that there will be about Â£140m to increase farming and forestry
productivity over the life of the programme. This area has several aims,
including:

î  Innovation through the use of new technology and research

î  Improving skills and training

î  Greater co-operation between farmers and others, including agri-food
businesses, in the land-based sectors

î  Supporting projects that benefit the environment

The new scheme, the Farming and Forestry Production Scheme (FFPS), will replace
the very practical and valuable Farm and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FFIS).

It is likely to be similar to FFIS, consisting of a number of rounds  offering
small-scale grants targeted at quite specific areas that can generally deliver
very strong returns to the business employing them.

Recent FFIS priorities have included nutrient management (for example, GPS
technology to assist with nutrient application) as well as energy saving and
water resource management. Under FFIS, 40% grants in lowland areas and 50% in
upland areas to a maximum of Â£35,000 were available. The schemeâ  s popularity
is demonstrated by the fact that bids worth Â£26m were put in for the Â£10m
available in the final round.

Brown & Co had a success rate of more than 98% in the most recent round, with
precision farming guidance systems accounting for the bulk of our FFIS
applications and bringing significant environmental as well as economic
benefits. On average grants of close to Â£8,000 were awarded.

Grants will also be administered through regional Local Enterprise Partnerships
(LEPs) and Local Action Groups (LAGs).

LEPs will target Â£177m at rural priorities such as:

î  Development of business knowledge and skills

î  Supporting small or microbusinesses

î  Investing in broadband and renewable energy

î  Promoting rural tourism

LAGs are formed under an EU programme known as Leader which encourages local
representatives to become involved in shaping development priorities.

These groups will have Â£138m to spend during the programme, available to
farmers, foresters, other local businesses and rural communities. This money
represent a real opportunity â   themes will be much wider than the FFPS and not
necessarily exclusively agricultural.

LEPs and LAGs are bidding for funds and shaping what projects they will support,
so it is well worth farmers getting involved or at least making an effort to
meet some of those on the boards and in local groups to either shape the
priorities or at least understand them.

5 september 2014 î  FarmersWeekly

grants

BUSINESS

As well as schemes under the RDPE umbrella, many other significant grants are
available, often to all business sectors. In the east of the country there are
about 20 avenues that could be pursued.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2014 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 20, 2012 Monday

USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers Bring
Increased the Value to Their Products

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack met with invited agricultural
producers to apply for grants to increase the value of their products during a
meeting last week.

"Producers can greatly enhance the bottom line of their businesses and improve
their economic prospects when they improve the value of their products, thus
expanding their markets and customer base," Vilsack said. "The Value Added
Producer Grant program (VAPG) has a proven track record of doing just that and I
am pleased to announce that we are inviting producers to apply for these grants.
" The program funds agricultural producers in generating new products, creating
and expanding market opportunities, and increasing producer income.

Nationwide, this USDA Rural Development program is making up to $14 million in
grants available for VAPG. The grants, which are competitively awarded, are
available for planning activities or for working capital (not equipment)
expenses, but not for both. The maximum grant amount is $100,000 for planning
grants and $300,000 for working capital grants. Applicants have until October
15, 2012 to apply.

Eligible projects include those where the agricultural product 1) Has undergone
a change in physical state (making salsa, where the applicant raised most of the
chilies in the salsa); 2) Was produced in a manner that enhances its value
(organics); 3) Is physically segregated; 4) Is a source of farm- or ranch-based
renewable energy, including E-85; OR 5) Is aggregated and marketed as a locally
produced agricultural food product (the grant could pay for salaries or
utilities, for example, for a project of marketing raw agricultural commodities
locally).

Last year, Preferred Produce, a certified organic farm south of Deming, New
Mexico received a $49,550 VAPG from USDA Rural Development. The farming
operation, which formerly only sold direct to grocery stores and other retail
outlets, is using grant funds, in part, to pay for extra salaries so that it can
deliver its produce on a direct-to-consumer basis. As a result of this grant,
Preferred Produce has been able to deliver its produce to local customers within
8 hours of harvest, thus providing extraordinarily fresh and nutritious locally
raised produce, while at the same time assuring a high degree of food safety.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner encouraged agricultural
producers to apply and take advantage of the VAPG funds that are being made
available, "Preferred Produce is a good example of a farming operation that has
been able to take the funds we have provided and expand its business and at the
same time provide more food to more people in southern New Mexico."

As part of this funding initiative, funding priority will be available to
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Socially-Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers,
Operators of Small and Medium-Sized Farms and Ranches that are structured as a
Family Farm, Farmer or Rancher Cooperatives, and projects proposing to develop a
Mid-Tier Value Chain. Grants are available for projects up to 36 months in
duration.

For information on how to apply, see page 48951 of the August 15, 2012 Federal
Register, http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-08-15/pdf/2012-20082.pdf.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have
empowered rural America to continue leading the way - strengthening America's
economy and strengthening small towns and rural communities. USDA's investments
in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as the backbone
of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster sustainable
economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner for
businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $170 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday
                               WEST/SOUTH EDITION

USDA assistance to benefit Hardwick and Leicester

BYLINE: TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 412 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded nearly $3.6 million for four
projects in Central Massachusetts, David Tuttle, the agency's rural development
director for Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island, announced yesterday.

The USDA awarded:

A $2 million loan to Paxton for the design and construction of a public safety
complex, which will house the Police Department, Fire Department and ambulance,
and emergency management services. Paxton's police station is located in
1,920-square-foot building that was built in 1965 and was initially a hair
salon.

According to Rural Development officials, the new public safety complex will
have 23,575 square feet and will be built on the current site of the Paxton Fire
Department,

A loan and grant to the Hillcrest Water District, which supplies water to 370
customers in Leicester.

The low-interest loan will be for $314,000 to be repaid over 40 years and the
grant will be for $36,000. The money will be used to build a water treatment
plant. The water district is under a state Department of Environmental
Protection order to remove contaminants from the water supply. The money will
allow the water district to incorporate water treatment technology that will
remove arsenic, uranium and other contaminants from Leicester's water supply.
Individual "mini" water treatment facilities will also be built at each well
location to house the treatment equipment.

A $30,798 Rural Business Enterprise Grant to the Greater Gardner Community
Development Corporation to provide technical assistance to 30 small and emerging
businesses. The development corporation serves Gardner, Ashburnham, Hubbardston,
Templeton, Westminster and Winchendon. One of its key missions is to provide
assistance, training and loan products to startup businesses and
micro-enterprises.

U.S. Rep. John W. Olver, D-Amherst, said, "Over the past two decades, many of
Gardner's large manufacturing businesses have relocated or closed, making it
more important than ever that its small businesses succeed. This grant will help
the Greater Gardner CDC ensure that they have the tools necessary to do just
that."

A $326,000 low-interest loan and a $137,000 grant to Hardwick, which the town
will use for cost overruns associated with upgrades to the Wheelwright
Wastewater Treatment Facility.

In 2007, Hardwick received a USDA Rural Development loan of $1,012,000 and a
grant of $432,000 for the original upgrade project at the wastewater treatment
facility.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3456  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Friday, October 3, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Programs Branch, Specialty Programs
Division (SPD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Programs Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SPD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SPD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

City of Adrian awarded grant

BYLINE: Justine Wettschreck, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Jan. 26--ADRIAN -- According to a news release from the United States Department
of Agriculture, the City of Adrian is one of 44 recipients to receive a grant
for the purpose of creating jobs by starting or expanding businesses in rural
communities. Through funding provided by American Recovery and Reinvestment Act,
businesses will be able to access critical capital to help with start-up loans,
renovations and improvements.

Adrian City Administrator Bruce Heitkamp said Monday morning he had not received
official notice the city's application had been approved, but had heard the news
from a USDA employee.

"We are very pleased -- this will definitely be a booster for Adrian's Maine
Street and related business areas," Heitkamp said.

The grant for $99,999 will be used as part of the city's revolving loan fund for
business-related purposes, Heitkamp explained, referring to the funds as a rural
business enterprise grant.

"It will subsidize a loan program in Adrian to further business development," he
stated. "We've had a program on a smaller scale, but this will ramp it up."

The funds will be administered by the city's housing and development authority,
Heitkamp said, which also acts as an economic development authority.

Adrian Community Development Director Kevin Norskog said he doesn't think it
will take long to get the new funding set up and rolling once the money is in
place.

"We loan those moneys out, and as they are paid back they go back into the
revolving fund for other businesses to use," Norskog explained. "The funds keep
coming back and going out."

During the application process an initial project had to be included. Heitkamp
was hesitant to discuss the exact nature of that project until official
notification was received, but both he and Norskog were glad to have Adrian
included in the grant funding.

"We hope it is a shot in the arm for Maine Street," Norskog added. "There is
another business down the street giving thought to doing some development. We'll
keep a close eye out and try to help."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100126-QG-City-of-Adrian-awarded-grant-0126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2010


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

The broken promises of rural development

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: H; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 730 words


It happened at a local public forum on agriculture. The panel of speakers
included me, two farmers and a state Farm Bureau economist.

After the formal yakking concluded - yakking that I, the keynoter, contributed
mightily to - a questioner in the audience wondered if farmers might better be
able to leave the overproduction-federal subsidy treadmill if they marketed more
"whole" food directly to consumers.

"After all," he suggested, "almost everyone wants to buy more wholesome food for
themselves and their families."

Both farmers on the panel agreed immediately; each wanted more "farmer" presence
in the consumer market. One explained how he had invested some of his farm's
profits in a farmer-owned pork processing plant to do exactly that.

"But it's tough. It takes big bucks to challenge the big packers at their game,"
he correctly noted.

My reply to the question was two-fold.

First, I joked, when two or more farmers gather anytime the first thing they
want to do is pour concrete: build something.

While that's understandable, given the almost blind love most farm groups have
with "supply chains, processing and added value," a producer's skill lies in
producing, not processing.

Moreover, I added, the rapid consolidation of ag processing and food retailing
has made the ADMs and Wal-Marts almost bulletproof to nearly every competitor.

For proof, simply count the shuttered buildings - every one is a broken dream -
of former small retailers and farmer-processors littering small town America.

But then, and secondly, Ben & Jerry made it; Cabot Creamery made it. In short,
it can be done. But if it's to be done, I advised, farmers and ranchers need the
same advantages that the big boys enjoy: federal help like tax breaks and credit
programs as well as marketing and management assistance.

All, however, are in short supply today for any hopeful farmer-food marketer.
Worse, if the 2006 budget offered by the White House in February becomes law,
that tiny puddle virtually dries up.

According to research compiled by the Center for Rural Affairs in Walthill, 13
USDA Rural Development programs relied upon by farm and rural enterprises will
see their 2006 funding cut to the bone. Seven of the 13 programs will see their
bones broken - zeroed out entirely.

That means there is not one penny in the Bush budget for the Rural Strategic
Investment Program, a $100 million effort in fiscal year 2005. Also eliminated
(compared to 2005 appropriations) will be the $6.3 million Rural Community
Development Initiative Grants program, the nearly $40 million in Rural Business
Enterprise Grants, $12.5 million in Rural Enterprise monies, and $3 million for
the Rural Business Opportunity Grant program.

What's more, the lucky 2006 USDA Rural Development survivors in the Bush plan
will be on life support.

For example, the $74.2 million Rural Business Cooperative program will be cut 40
percent to $44.2 million. The Resource Conservation and Development Program will
take a 50 percent hit, down from $51.6 million to $25.6 million, and the $22
million Rural Economic Partnership Program will drop to $13.3 million.

According to the Center for Rural Affairs' analysis, these cuts, when combined
with previous cuts imposed by the White House and Congress, mean rural
development money contained in the 2002 Farm Bill will have fallen from a
promised $321 million annually to just $129 million.

It also means that during the life of the current Farm Bill, $1.6 billion in
rural development money - $1.6 billion "to address rural poverty, rural business
and job creation, rural community development, and rural depopulation," notes
the center - simply vanishes.

To where? Partly to pay for the $970 billion inheritance tax break that only 2
percent of all Americans would ever pay and the $106 billion capital gains and
dividend tax breaks the House now proposes for others.

It's shameful, short-sighted lunacy, I told the audience, and most of it is
supported by farm groups whose guiding rural development principle is little
more than complete capitulation to giant agribusiness, their partners in
chaining eager, idea-laden farmers and ranchers to the global status quo rather
than tomorrow's new markets.

The room went very quiet very quickly.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
agcomm@sbcglobal.net or Alan Guebert, 502 W. Fourth St., Delavan, IL  61734.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Alan Guebert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3458  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Sunday, October 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Lenders Processing Branch, Specialty
Lenders Division (SLD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Lenders Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SLD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SLD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

Energy audit applications now being accepted

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


For the Headlight

WASHINGTON   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the
department is accepting funding applications from eligible entities for grants
to conduct energy audits under the Rural Energy for America Program.

"For the first time ever, USDA will make grant funding available this year
through the Rural Energy for America Program to help agricultural producers and
rural small businesses obtain audits to identify ways to improve energy
efficiency," Vilsack said. "The assistance provided by this program is in
keeping with President Obama's energy conservation goals for our nation." The
program is authorized in Section 9007 of the 2008 Farm Bill.

The audits are intended to help rural small businesses and agricultural
producers determine where to make changes in their operations to enable them to
reduce energy consumption. Audits are required for renewable energy and energy
efficiency projects funded through REAP that exceed $50,000. States, tribal and
local governments, land grant colleges or universities, other institutions of
higher learning, and electric cooperatives and public power entities are
eligible to receive funds to conduct the audits. Parties seeking audits from the
grantees must pay 25 percent of audit costs.

Applications for grants must be completed and submitted on paper or
electronically no later than June 9. For further details about eligibility rules
and application procedures, see page 10533 of the March 11, 2009, Federal
Register at www.gpoaccess.gov/fr/. USDA Rural Development intends to publish and
seek public comment on a proposed regulation for the REAP program later this
year.

For more information or to apply for this program call your local Rural
Development office in Albuquerque (505-761-4970), Aztec (505-334-3090 Ext. 4),
Carlsbad (575-887-3506 Ext. 4), Las Vegas (505-425-3594 Ext. 4), Los Lunas
(505-865-4643 Ext. 4), or Las Vegas (505-425-3594). Or contact the Rural
Development State Business Programs Office in Albuquerque at (505) 761-4953.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

Business digest - Oct. 3, 2010

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 430 words


Credico, which has a Credit Collections Bureau office in Bismarck as well as in
other North Dakota and South Dakota cities, is included in Inc. magazine's
fourth annual Inc. 5000, which ranks the nation's fastest-growing private
companies.

Credico is No. 2,614 on the list with three-year sales growth of 90 percent. CCB
is ranked 130th in the financial services industry nationwide.

Jasper Schneider, state director of USDA Rural Development, has announced five
grants totaling more than $300,000 through the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program.

The grants help support regional planning activities to improve economic
conditions in rural areas.

The recipients are:

* Roosevelt-Custer Regional Council, $78,700 to develop a strategic plan to
address the influence and impact of energy development on communities and
economies in the Southwest Rural Economic Area Partnerships Zone in southwestern
North Dakota. The total project cost is $106,300.

* City of Rolette, $29,500 toward a multi-use analysis of the former nursing
home/hospital building in Rolette. The total project cost is $42,000.

* Prairie West Development Foundation, $74,000 to conduct a feasibility study
for a proposed recycling manufacturing business in Beach. The total project cost
is $99,500.

* City of New England, $73,253 to provide technical assistance to conduct
research and a feasibility study and develop a business plan for a proposed
glass recycling manufacturing business in New England. The total project cost
will be $101,993.

* Bottineau Economic Development Corp., $66,250 to provide technical assistance
through feasibility studies for a child care center, convention center, adult
day care and adult assisted living facility. Funds also will be used to offer
business education classes. The total project cost is $132,500.

Junior Achievement of Bismarck-Mandan is to receive a $10,000 grant from the
Best Buy Children's Foundation.

Sally Paulson, JA program coordinator, said the gift will allow JA to extend its
programming areas and provide more classroom experience.

The grant is awarded from the @15 Community Grants program, in partnership with
the local Best Buy store, to support programs that help youth excel in school,
engage in their communities and develop life and leadership skills.

Missouri Slope Lutheran Care Center, Bismarck, has named officers for the coming
year.

Elected were Brach Johnson, chairman; Duane Bergeson, vice chairman; Jonathan P.
Spilde, secretary-treasurer; Robert Thompson, president/CEO; Jeffrey Wanek, vice
president/CFO; and Dr. Bruce Hetland, medical director.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday
                                  All Editions

USDA taking energy applications for businesses

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting funding applications from
eligible entities for grants to conduct energy audits under the Rural Energy for
America Program.

"For the first time ever, USDA will make grant funding available this year
through the Rural Energy for America Program to help agricultural producers and
rural small businesses obtain audits to identify ways to improve energy
efficiency," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a press release. "The
assistance provided by this program is in keeping with President Obama's energy
conservation goals for our nation." The program is authorized in Section 9007 of
the 2008 Farm Bill.

The audits are intended to help rural small businesses and agricultural
producers determine where to make changes in their operations to enable them to
reduce energy consumption. Audits are required for renewable energy and energy
efficiency projects funded through REAP that exceed $50,000. States, tribal and
local governments, land grant colleges or universities, other institutions of
higher learning, and electric cooperatives and public power entities are
eligible to receive funds to conduct the audits. Parties seeking audits from the
grantees must pay 25 percent of audit costs.

Applications for grants must be completed and submitted on paper or
electronically no later than June 9. For details about eligibility rules and
application procedures, see page 10533 of the March 11, 2009, Federal Register
at www.gpoaccess.gov/fr/.

USDA Rural Development intends to publish and seek public comment on a proposed
regulation for the REAP program later this year. Questions may be directed to
John Sheehan, rural energy coordinator, at 990-9127 or john.sheehan@me.usda.gov

Information on rural programs is available at Rural Development in Maine, 967
Illinois Ave., Suite 4 Bangor, by calling 990-9160, or by e-mailing
emily.cannon@me.usda.gov, or from USDA's Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       January 22, 2001, Monday Edition 1

Grants help farmers to reap new income - Diversification may prove a lifeline

BYLINE: by Anna Lognonne

SECTION: FARMING JOURNAL, Pg. 48

LENGTH: 341 words

North farmers have been urged to take advantage of funding aimed at helping them
to diversify their business.  Faced with low returns, many farmers are forced to
look at alternative means of income, according to rural business advisers.
Whether it is capital to fund projects or training in new skills, it is vital to
know what cash help there is, says the Institute of Chartered Accountants'
farming group. John McGrother, the group's Northern spokesman, said: "Funding
through the England Rural Development Programme [ERDP] could be a significant
lifeline for those who are looking at diversification schemes. With farming
continuing to struggle, these grants could make a real difference in developing
an alternative income." Mr McGrother, a partner in Jewitts, Stockton, added:
"Farmers and landowners need to ensure they are making the most of what is on
offer. These are changing times for the industry and every penny counts for
rural businesses against the present backdrop of very limited reserves."
Launched by the Government last October, the ERDP is the umbrella for a range of
grant schemes, including the Countryside Stewardship Scheme The most important
new initiative is the Rural Enterprise Scheme [RES], targeted at providing grant
aid for farming and rural businesses seeking to diversify. Support is available
for projects such as a farm shop, tourist activities or converting redundant
buildings for office or residential use. Grants are awarded on a competitive
tendering basis, with each project assessed on its merits Details are available
from Maff Regional Offices and the Maff website at www.maff.gov.uk Another
Government initiative is the Vocational Training Scheme, which offers funding
for farmers and employees to develop skills in a range of areas such as
information technology and conservation. A free skill check is available through
LANTRA, the national land-based training organisation. For the current year,
these need to be completed by the end of February. For details call [0800]
169-9794.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2001

                Copyright 2001 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers
Increase the Value of Their Products

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making up to $44
million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new bio-based
products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer Grant program.





 "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



 Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



 More information on how to apply is on page 20607 of the April 8 Federal
Register. The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016. Electronic
applications submitted through grants.gov are due June 24, 2016. Additional
information and assistance is available through the USDA Rural Development
Office serving your county.



 Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $144.7
million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and ranchers.



 Value-Added Producer Grants are a key element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop local
and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack describes the cultivation of local
and regional food systems as one of the four pillars of rural economic
development that impacts farm family income and strengthens local economies.
Under Secretary Vilsack, USDA has supported providing consumers a stronger
connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000
local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since between
2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12
billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IVThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. of
USDA Results on MediumThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 Two examples of Value-Added Producer Grant awards from 2015 include:



     Shoshone-Bannock Enterprises in Fort Hall, Idaho, received a $75,000 grant
to conduct a feasibility study on processing, packaging and marketing buffalo
meat, a first step in identifying potential new market opportunities.

     Sappa Valley Poultry in Oberlin, Kan., received a $49,663 grant to expand
distribution of their free-range chicken products into eastern Colorado and
western Kansas markets.



 Congress increased funding for the Value-Added program in the 2014 Farm Bill.
That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested $11 billion to start or expand
103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution
lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             July 11, 2006 Tuesday

End near for development cash scheme

BYLINE:  Joe Watson

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 430 words


Farmers wanting to diversify their businesses or invest in them have just weeks
left to apply for grant aid.

The Scottish Executive is closing  two schemes in August and September that
have, since their inception, given more than £40million to 2,500 farmers  to
secure their future.

The five-year-old farm business development scheme gives assistance of up to 50%
to fund various types of diversification initiatives either in or outwith
agriculture.

It was expanded last year to include specific support for farmers wanting to
invest in their own holdings, with a maximum grant of £30,000 on offer here.

The investment scheme alone has funded more than 800 projects and ploughed in
£12million of public support.

Farmers wanting to take part in the farm business development scheme have until
August 15 to lodge their applications. The closing date for the investment
scheme is September 11. Successful applicants will have two years to complete
their projects.

The executive said: "Resources are finite and it is important for farmers and
advisers to recognise that only the strongest business cases are likely to be
successful."

News of the deadlines came as Environment and Rural Development Minister Ross
Finnie said a further 200 projects had received funding of £3.3million.

Successful projects include the restoration of a disused hydro-electric turbine,
the creation of a recycling facility and the development of livery stables and
equestrian centres.

Mr Finnie said: "The Scottish Executive is committed to increasing prosperity
and the quality of life in rural Scotland.

"By encouraging farm business development, with over £8million of grant funding
awarded so far this year, we have played a major role in helping farming
businesses across Scotland remain profitable.

"The projects we have supported can also provide wider benefits such as creating
jobs, attracting visitors and providing services not currently available in
certain areas, thus helping to support rural communities."

It is likely that the farm business development scheme will reappear next year
in Scotland's new rural development plan.

Future funding levels for it have not yet been decided but the likelihood is
that farmers will themselves be paying for an increasing proportion of its costs
through compulsory deductions - so-called modulation -  to their single farm
payments.

The UK Government has traditionally match-funded rural development work but
there are questionmarks over where this will continue, especially as it has
secured the agreement of Europe to impose voluntary modulation levels of up to
20%.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Aberdeen Press and Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Plymouth Herald

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

£15k grant will help joinery expand

BYLINE: WILLIAM TELFORD, Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS:ECONOMY; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 255  words


AN IVYBRIDGE joinery company is among 30 Devon and Somerset businesses given a
boost from an £800,000 Government grant pot.

Ludbrook Joinery has received a £15,452 Rural Enterprise grant, which will help
with expansion needed to cope with a hike in demand.

It will also help fund a new spray-booth improving quality control and moisture
control of for products.

This will result in increased turnover for the supply chain and provide jobs
involving apprentice-level training.

The Rural Enterprise Grants are designed to boost the region's economy and
create jobs.

Funds were secured in 2012 by Devon County Council from the Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Rural Development Programme for
England, for the Heart of the South West Rural Enterprise Grant Scheme at the
beginning of last year.

By next month 84 jobs will have been created and a further 33 by March 2017,
totalling 117 and giving a GVA increase of £4.9million in two years.

Chris Garcia, chief executive of the Heart of the South West LEP,  said; "We are
pleased to have been successful in attracting the Rural Enterprise Grants to
help these businesses grow.

"The grants are designed to develop, expand and stimulate economic growth,
innovation and employment opportunities, helping our rural communities remain
active and vibrant places in which to live and work.

"Tackling barriers to growth that benefit urban and rural businesses is an
important part of our Strategic Economic Plan which aims to generate economic
prosperity in the HotSW area."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chris Garcia, chairman of the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise
Partnership

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

$220.9M available to aid energy projects

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer has announced the availability of $220.9
million in loans and grants in the Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements Program.

"As demand for energy rises, these renewable energy loans and grants help farms
and rural small businesses increase their investment in renewable energy
initiatives," Schafer said. "Energy efficiency wisely applies our resources, and
energizes wealth-creation opportunities with more jobs throughout rural
America."

Loan guarantees and grants are available to producers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems or to make energy efficiency
improvements.

In Maine, three businesses received more than $1.4 million in funds for
renewable energy projects in Fiscal Year 2007. One recipient was Backyard Farms
LLC of Madison, which received $500,000 in guaranteed loan funds (in partnership
with lender Farm Credit of Maine, ACA) and $500,000 in grant funds, to expand
upon its energy-efficient practices. The funds were used to assist the company
in the purchase of a 6 megawatt biomass boiler system to replace 90 percent of
the fossil fuel use that came from two existing propane-fired boilers.

"Through the use of energy-efficient technologies, Maine businesses can
recognize financial savings that can give them an opportunity to grow at a time
when the cost of energy is high," said Michael W. Aube, state director USDA
Rural Development.

Eligible applicants may seek loan guarantees to cover up to 50 percent of a
project's cost, not to exceed $10 million. Grants are available for up to 25
percent of a project's cost, not to exceed $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements and $500,000 for renewable energy systems. USDA Rural Development
has invested $674 million in more than 1,763 renewable energy and energy
efficiency projects nationwide since 2001. These investments include ethanol,
biodiesel, wind, solar, geothermal, methane gas recovery systems and biomass.

USDA will issue one grant solicitation for two separate competitions in FY 2008.
For the first competitive window, grant-only applications must be submitted no
later than April 15. For the second competitive window, grant-only applications
must be submitted no earlier than April 16, and no later than June 16.

Applications for loan guarantees, as well as those for loan-grant combinations
must be completed and submitted to the Maine USDA Rural Development State Office
no later than June 16.

For more information, contact John Sheehan at 990-9168 or
john.sheehan@me.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

GYEDC awarded grant to enhance economic development efforts

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


Sept. 05--Yuma is the beneficiary of a new grant program launched by the Arizona
Commerce Authority to expand economic development infrastructure in rural
regions of the state.

Greater Yuma Economic Development Corp. was awarded a $50,000 grant through the
new program, Vision Grant, to enhance its marketing efforts, announced Julie
Engel, GYEDC president and CEO.

GYEDC's grant application includes the redesign of its website, the hiring of a
professional videographer and the production of marketing videos, Engel said.
The videos will be placed on the GYEDC YouTube Channel and implemented into
marketing materials through QR codes acquired through the Yuma Sun that can be
scanned by cell phones.

The QR code will launch video of testimonials of local managers telling why they
are successful in this region, virtual tours of available buildings and
interviews with local public officials touting their business friendly
processes. Depending on the piece and the target audience, the materials will be
created to match the video with the information on the printed document.

"We believe this will tell the story of Yuma even when we are not able to stand
in front of the recipient and tout these things ourselves," Engel said. "We
wouldn't be able to make this kind of improvement without the grant."

Arizona Commerce Authority promised to put a lot of focus on rural areas, Engel
said. "They're truly trying to help with resources and manpower. I'm
appreciative seeing the efforts coming out of the ACA."

The state agency provided a total of $250,000 through the new grant program to
help enhance economic development systems and establish projects focused on
creating jobs and increasing wages -- particularly in base industries.

Other recipients of the grant program include:

--Economic Collaborative of Northern Arizona (ECONA);

--Real AZ Development Corridor (RADC);

--Central Arizona Regional Economic Development Foundation (CAREDF);

--Prescott Valley Economic Development Foundation (PVEDF).

They were selected based on their proposed projects' economic impact, quality of
project plan, demonstrated local support and other criteria. Proposed projects
must be started and completed within one year.

"The ACA's Vision Grants further our commitment to advancing the economy in
rural Arizona," said Sandra Watson, interim resident and CEO of Arizona Commerce
Authority. "These communities present incredible opportunity for economic growth
and stimulation, and we are proud to propel projects that will attract industry,
create jobs and increase wages."

Awardees were selected by a panel of four members of the Governor's Rural
Business Development Advisory Council as well as Keith Watkins, the ACA's senior
vice president of rural development.

"These grants are assisting rural Arizona communities with the creation of more
strategic economic development and marketing plans, the funding of labor market
assessments to better understand available workforce, and the facilitation of
long-term strategy to further develop base sectors," said Watkins. "The ACA is
committed to helping fund these critical growth projects to ensure a stronger,
more viable statewide economy."

___ (c)2012 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120905-YZ-GYEDC-awarded-grant-to-enhance-economic-development
-efforts-0905-20120905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2012 The Sun


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Wells Journal

                                 March 8, 2012

Farmers can now apply for transformation grant

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 451  words


Last week saw the launch of the Rural Economy Grant (REG) which represents a
major new strand of grant aid available to farmers.

I understand £60 million has been earmarked under the REG to be distributed
throughout England as part of the Rural Development Programme for England
(RDPE).

The RDPE is itself part of the fund available to England under the Common
Agricultural Policy, but unlike the Single Payment Scheme, through which most
funds are directed on an acreage related basis, the RDPE funds tend to focussed
on specific projects.

Under this new scheme farmers can apply for grants of between £25,000 and £1
million to help secure the transformation of their business.

Successful applicants will receive up to 40 per cent of the cost of the project
although the nature of the project has to be quite specific in order to fit in
to one of the five business areas which are:

Farm Competitiveness - but the grants are restricted to projects which
positively impact on Nutrient Management, Animal Health and Welfare and Water
Resource Management only.

Investment in Rural Tourism - a programme to invest in a variety of rural
tourism projects encouraging better collaboration and co-ordination to enhance
the visitor experience.

Forestry - this is a package of grant support developed to assist the forestry
and timber sector in their investment in significantly improving
competitiveness, productivity and environmental efficiency.

Agri Food - support is focused on enabling business growth through accessing new
markets (including exports), developing supply chains, enabling/encouraging
development of collaborative food processing facilities, and/or the marketing
and promotion of localised products.

Support for micro-enterprise businesses in Rural Growth Network Areas. Some
Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPs) have applied to become pilot Rural Growth
Network areas and one of those is the Heart of the South West LEP which covers
Somerset and Devon.

I believe their bid has passed the initial selection process and we await
confirmation as to whether we will, in this area achieve RGN status and a
decision will be made towards the end of March.

If successful this strand of grant aid will become available to rural micro-
businesses here.

So, as usual with anything that emanates from Europe the rules relating to this
new grant scheme are complicated, but if you think you may qualify for grant aid
under one of the above themes, you need to get your skates on because in order
to  be able to apply you must submit an outline application by April 30.

Further  details can be downloaded from http://rdpenetwork.defra.gov.uk
/funding-sources/rural-economy-grant or you can contact Tori Osborne on 01749
683385.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 71


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 25, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

USDA injects $635,000 into rural energy saving, business development

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: F; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Grants help finance 43 projects throughout the state.

The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development announced funding
Wednesday for 43 projects throughout Nebraska totaling $635,878.

The projects will benefit rural areas by providing funding for energy, business
development and community facilities.

Energy Efficiency Improvements and Renewable Energy Systems grants are awarded
to farmers, ranchers and for-profit small businesses to help develop renewable
energy such as wind, solar, biomass, biogas and geothermal; and energy
efficiency improvement projects such as insulation, windows, doors, HVAC,
refrigeration, lighting and pumping/air/motor systems.

Nebraska received $418,348 in energy efficiency improvements and renewable
energy systems grants.  Recipients in Southeast Nebraska were:

* Grand Central Foods Inc., York:$39,290 for energy-improved freezer equipment
for grocery store.

* The Eating Establishment, doing business as Runza, York: $2,650 for
energy-efficient heat pump.

* Fred Koch, Beatrice:$15,630 to convert to low-pressure pivot system with
electric motor.

* Gene Niederklein, Wilber: $17,250 to convert to low-pressure pivot system and
electric motor.

* Goertzen-Ensz Farms Partnership, Beatrice: $8,940 for new pumping system,
electric motor and low-pressure pivot.

nHeavenly Treasure Inc., Pawnee City: $5,700 for new heating/cooling, windows
and lighting.

* Jeffrey Rahe, DeWitt: $11,710 to convert to low-pressure pivot irrigation
system.

* Larjo Farms Inc., Fairbury: $13,310 for new low-pressure pivot system and
diesel power unit.

* Marvin Zimmerman, Plymouth:$15,400 to convert to energy and water efficient
low-pressure pivot system and new electric power unit.

* Larry Siebert, Henderson: $17,370 to convert to efficient pivot systems and
electric motors.

* Mulhall Farm's Inc., Gretna: $49,830 to install geothermal heating system for
new greenhouses.

nSorensen Grading, Platts-mouth: $2,670 to improve lighting and heating systems,
replace overhead shop door, install insulation at business.

* Tom Svoboda doing business as D.C. Auto Parts, David City: $3,470 for new
heating/cooling equipment, windows and doors in business facility.

* Victor Bohuslavsky, Brainard: $5,420 to convert irrigation to new,
high-efficiency diesel units.

* Wahoo Locker LLC, Wahoo: $19,610 for new energy-efficient locker equipment.

Rural Business Enterprise Grants, Rural Business Opportunity Grants and Economic
Impact Initiative Grants worth more than $200,000 were awarded to outstate
Nebraska organizations on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday

USDA Rural Development offers biofuels funding

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


May 28--CHAMPAIGN -- USDA Rural Development loans and grants are available to
small retail fuel station owners to install flexible fuel pumps, sometimes
called "blender pumps" through the agency's Rural Energy for America Program.

A recently revised definition of renewable energy systems made blender pumps
eligible for REAP funding. Applications to the agency are due June 15.

Earlier this year, the Environmental Protection Agency released the results of
E15 testing of vehicles model years 2001 and newer.

EPA's findings confirm that these vehicles, accounting for about 60 percent of
the vehicles on the road today, can safely use E15.

This year USDA is providing funding for up to $61 million in guaranteed loans
and $42 million in grants through REAP.

Funds are available to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
develop renewable energy systems, make energy-efficiency improvements and
conduct studies to determine the feasibility of renewable energy systems.

REAP offers grants of up to 25 percent of a project's eligible costs.

Guaranteed loans and a combination guaranteed loan and grant can be as much as
75 percent of total eligible costs incurred after submitting the application.

More information on REAP is available at www.rurdev.usda.gov/Energy.html or by
calling Molly Hammond at 217-403-6210 or Mary Warren at 217-403-6218 in the
Illinois Rural Development State Office.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110528-YG-USDA-Rural-Development-offers-biofuels-funding-0528-20110528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     High Plains Sentinel (Wright, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 13, 2010

CCEDC Secures Grant Funding for Business Expansion and Retention Program

BYLINE: High Plains Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 163  words


The Campbell County Economic Development Corporation (CCEDC) has secured grant
funding to assist with the expansion of the Business Expansion and Retention
Program. USDA Rural Development recently awarded CCEDC with a Rural Business
Enterprise Grant for $30,000 to assist CCEDC with offering technical assistance
to small and emerging businesses.

"CCEDC has been working with businesses for a number of years, however with this
funding we will be able to focus on small and expanding business in Campbell
County." Brandi Beecher Project Director of CCEDC said. "The program is designed
to meet with businesses, discuss their goals and develop a plan to offer
assistance need to reach those goals."

If your business is interested in participating in CCEDC's Business Expansion
and Retention program, please contact Brandi Beecher at Campbell County Economic
Development Corporation at 307-686-2603 or stop by the new office located at
2001 West Lakeway Road, Suite C in Gillette, WY.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPS

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 High Plains Sentinel


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday

Brownsville project brings much-needed sewer

BYLINE: The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


July 17--A ceremonial ribbon-cutting for the Brownsville Municipal Authority's
sewer project marked an important day for local residents. Congressman Mark
Critz, PA-12th, Thomas Williams, USDA Rural Development state director, and Col.
William H. Graham, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, participated in the recent
ceremony.

The $1.4 million project had been in discussion for 36 years and now brings
much-needed public sewer to 59 homes as well as the Patsy Hillman Park.

"The untreated sewage that was flowing into the local watersheds and the
resulting health and environmental concerns are removed with these improvements.
This project is an example of how USDA Rural Development is helping to protect
the environment throughout rural Pennsylvania," said Tom Williams, "and this
project advances the Obama Administration's economic recovery goals to rebuild
the nation's infrastructure by creating jobs."

Rural Development provided a $141,000 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
loan and a $488,000 grant, administered by the Water and Environmental Program,
which provides loans and grants to ensure that the necessary investments are
made in water and wastewater infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and
protect the environment in rural areas.

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers provided $500,000 in Section 313, South Central
Pennsylvania Environmental Improvement Program funding to support the design and
construction for Phase 2 of this project. Section 313 of the Water Resources
Development Act of 1992 established this program to provide design and
construction assistance for water-related environmental infrastructure and
resource protection and development projects in 15 counties in southwestern
Pennsylvania. The Section 313 Program authorizes federal assistance to provide
design and construction oversight to communities for projects involving
wastewater treatment and related facilities, water supply, storage, treatment
and distribution facilities, and surface water resource protection and
development projects. These projects directly improve the environment and the
quality of life in the program area and contribute to the national goal of
improving environmental quality.

In addition, the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development
provided a $75,000 grant. DCED provides grants to municipalities or municipal
authorities to assist with the construction of drinking water, sanitary and
storm sewer projects.

Rural Development serves as the lead federal agency for rural development needs
by offering financial and technical assistance to individuals, businesses and
communities. Rural Development programs include funding for day care centers,
firetrucks and other community facility projects; the purchase, construction or
repair of homes; loans and guarantees to rural businesses to save or create jobs
and renewable energy; and loans and grants for water and sewer utility projects.

For more information on programs offered by Rural Development, call the
Pennsylvania State Office at 717-237-2299 or visit at www.rurdev.usda.gov/pa.

More information about USDA's Recovery Act efforts is available at
www.usda.gov/recovery and more information about the federal government's
efforts on the Recovery Act is available at www.recovery.gov.

Tweet

Subscribe today & get the all digital eTRIB! Click here for our subscription
offers.

You must be signed in to add comments

To comment, click Sign in or sign up at the very top of this page.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120717-DC-Brownsville-project-brings-much-needed-sewer-0717-20120717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2012 The Daily Courier


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Ritzville Adams County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2011

Sprague business garners energy efficiency grant

BYLINE: The Ritzville Adams County Journal staff

LENGTH: 351  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced grants for more than 900
agricultural producers and rural small businesses across the country to
implement renewable energy and energy efficiency measures in their operations.
Secretary Vilsack made the announcement as part of President Obama's rural
economic bus tour in the Midwest where on Aug. 19 he highlighted efforts
underway to reduce the country's dependence on foreign oil, which will increase
the economic competitiveness of rural America and promote job creation.

"These investments enable our farmers, ranchers and rural small business owners
to develop renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements that
will save them thousands of dollars in energy costs each year," Vilsack said.

"This funding is an important part of the Obama Administration's plan to
conserve natural resources, create jobs and lead our country on the path to
becoming more energy independent."

The grants are being provided through the Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP), a 2008 Farm Bill initiative. REAP offers funds for farmers, ranchers and
rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make
energy-efficiency improvements.

These federal funds leverage other funding sources for small businesses. In all,
USDA announced more than $ 11.6 million in energy grants.

Techenergy, LLC, of Sprague $20,000 for solar through the REAP grant.

"We are very pleased to be serving agricultural producers and rural small
businesses with a wide range of energy efficiency improvements this year, as
well as traditional renewable energy systems. We hope that this program will
continue to grow in Washington state to help reduce our carbon footprint, reduce
energy expenses for businesses and generate new energy sources," said Mario
Villanueva, state director for USDA Rural Development in Washington state.

Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the conditions of
the grant agreement. Grants can finance up to 25 percent of a project's cost,
not to exceed $500,000 for renewable energy, $250,000 for energy efficiency.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RTZ

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2011 The Ritzville Adams County Journal


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Rural businesses looking to grow urged to seek new funds

SECTION: BUSINESS:ECONOMY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 436  words


Westcountry rural businesses looking to expand will be able to benefit from new
government funding.

From festivals to farms shop, rural businesses looking to grow and promote
tourism in the region are being encouraged to apply for grants as part of the £8
million fund unveiled by Farming Minister and Camborne and Redruth MP George
Eustice.

Mr Eustice said the new funding will provide a real boost for the rural economy
in communities up and down the country.

He said that with farms the fastest growing tourist attraction in 2014, the news
presents an important opportunity for dairy farmers looking to diversify their
business and encourage tourism to farms across the country, as well as the
potential to expand milk and cheese processing units.

He said: "From regional festivals to visitor farms, this new funding is set to
give rural businesses a real boost by supporting projects that promote tourism,
bring high-quality jobs to rural areas, and grow the local economy.

"With a further £8 million available, existing or new rural entrepreneurs have
the chance to unleash their full potential and I strongly encourage businesses
from across the country to apply for the new funding."

The new grants build on last week's announcement by the Chancellor and the
Environment Secretary on the Government's first ever  £6.3 million Growth
Programme funding made available in nine LEP areas in July.

Mr Eustice said the Rural Growth Plan will further boost productivity and ensure
the countryside becomes an even more attractive place for people to live, work,
start a business and bring up a family.

He said: "With planned investment of at least £3.5 billion into our rural
economies by 2020, the Rural Development Programme will continue to be rolled
out over the next six years."

Grants also available under the scheme can help people expand and develop new
food processing facilities.

Individual grants are worth upwards of £35,000, which depends    on the
individual project and  will now be offered in another 11 Local Enterprise
Partnership (LEP) areas.

The programme is a competitive process and funding will be directly targeted at
initiatives that will bring the biggest benefit for those local areas.

A further round of funding is expected in September when rural businesses in
additional LEP areas will be able to apply for grants to help them support their
local rural communities.

The Growth Programme is worth £177m, with £24m available in three rounds.

You can find more information on the grants on the following link:
https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/growth-programme-grants-for-the-rural
-economy

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            January 27, 2017 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£10m made available to help rural businesses

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 205 words


NEARLY £10m has been made available to help develop businesses in the North East
countryside.

The money from the Rural Development Programme for England Growth Programme in
the North East LEP area is available for businesses in the food processing,
tourism and rural business development sectors that create jobs and growth in
the rural economy.

Grant applications could come from farmers who want to diversify into
non-agricultural activities, capital expenditure on tourism infrastructure or
businesses that process agricultural and horticultural products.

Capital grants, which will be made available from the Rural Payments Agency,
will fund up to 40% of a project's costs with the minimum grant amount being
£35,000. This means that a project's overall cost would need to be over £87,500
to be eligible for the funding.

To be eligible for the grants, businesses must be in the eligible rural areas of
County Durham, Northumberland and Gateshead or within the North East Rural
Growth Network boundary.

Three workshops will be held for businesses to find out more about the funds.

They will take place at Kirkley Hall in Northumberland on February 14, one at
9.30am and one at 1.30pm, and Durham County Hall at 12.30pm on February 16.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2017 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 23, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Unspent federal grants included millions to Colo.

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 902 words


Up to $1 billion in federal grants intended to be used by businesses and
communities nationwide sat unspent in government coffers in recent years,
including millions that could have helped Colorado during the 2008 economic
slide, financial reports show.

The precise figure is difficult to peg, but a two-year audit of 325 federal
programs said the amount of untapped grants approached 10 figures at the outset
of 2007.

And the federal investigator who led the inquiry said Thursday, "I have no
reason to believe that the money has suddenly evaporated or gotten smaller."

The government is pursuing heavy borrowing to stimulate a deeply recessed
economy, but fiscal watchdogs say existing programs designed to pump money into
the system should be better managed and tracked.

The unspent funds don't even come close to the trillions being sought to revive
the economy. The money wouldn't have been enough to stave off the economic
downturn, but the grants could have helped buffer the damage to some small
businesses and neighborhoods.

"We didn't expect to find a billion dollars," said Stanley J. Czerwinski,
director for strategic issues at the federal Government Accountability Office.

"This is a lot of money and much of it is sitting there gathering dust. A time
of recession calls for the federal government to help citizens. Here's one
source of funds you could use to help."

At least $8 million targeted for the Colorado region was not distributed during
2008, according to a Denver Post analysis of local records.

Money that could have flowed to Colorado included:

$1.9 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture loan guarantees. That money can
be used to help banks cover business loans for rural business expansions and
startups.

$2.5 million in Community Development Block Grants. Those funds could go to
local governments for housing construction or rehabilitation and economic
development.

$3.7 million in excess cash from revolving loan funds managed by the Economic
Development Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce. The money could
go to governments and nonprofits for low-interest loans to businesses.

Perceptions a problem

Administrators say the local block grant funds have been carried over to this
year. And an Economic Development Administration spokesman said excess cash in
the program can still be accessed.

Still, the development agency's Denver office has a history of gathering excess
cash without ensuring it's put to "efficient" use, say internal audits. One
problem: It doesn't have a computer database that contains accurate loan
balances. A new system is expected this spring.

As for the unused Department of Agriculture funds, a lack of public awareness
about the programs, including perceptions of time-consuming bureaucratic red
tape, kept applicants away, officials said.

"You bet I wish I could have found a use for that money," said Mike Bennett,
outgoing Colorado director of the department's rural development office.

"With the staff we have, we try to get the word out. There's always a reluctance
in the rural areas to get involved in a government program."

The unused money ultimately was returned to Washington.

Andy James, a loan officer with The State Bank serving La Junta and Rocky Ford,
acknowledged that rural banks fear a cumbersome processes.

But he's confident that the untapped money somehow could have been put to use to
help local businesses.

"We need to find out more about the programs. If there is that much money
available, there are banks that can use it."

The program did funnel $13 million to hotels in rural areas last year, records
show.

GAO investigators describe federal grant money as a massive river that splits
into hundreds of tributaries, then streams. Grants can flow through three to
four agencies before reaching their destination, and a lack of uniform rules and
accounting systems makes tracking the money difficult.

Other issues included "poorly timed communications with grantees or insufficient
compliance or enforcement," according to the study.

Clearing the logjams

The GAO urged that the Bush administration instruct agencies to monitor their
undisbursed grant money and report their findings.

But the Office of Management and Budget did not take action under former
President George W. Bush. Officials in the office, now under the Obama
administration, did not respond to questions this week.

In April 2008, Colorado had $7.1 million in unused block- grant money for rural
projects, a backlog from past years.

That number has since fallen to about $2.5 million, with applications for
projects totaling $6.3 million, said Tony Hernandez, director of the Colorado
Division of Local Government.

He said that state officials created a committee to make sure that worthy
community projects are quickly identified and funded.

Fremont County benefited from the new process this year when it returned to the
state for a second grant to help it upgrade its sanitation system.

The state gave the county $700,000 last fall; the two grants totaled $1.3
million.

Meanwhile, U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., who sat on the Finance Committee that
commissioned the GAO study, believes the administration should follow the
audit's recommendations.

"We should know why this money didn't get administered so we don't have these
lost opportunities," Coburn said Thursday.

Staff writer Greg Griffin contributed to this report.

Miles Moffeit: 303-954-1415

or mmoffeit@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 11, 2012

USDA Invites Applications for Grants to Provide Broadband Service to Rural
Communities

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 261  words


Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications through the Community
Connect Broadband program for grants to provide broadband service to residents
of remote, rural communities.

"Ensuring that all Americans have access to reliable broadband is a key part of
the Obama Administration's effort to help create jobs and expand economic
opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "These grants not only are critical
for businesses and residents, they also help first responders, educators and
health care professionals by providing them with access to broadband service."

Community Connect grants are made available to the most rural, unserved and
economically challenged areas. The funds are used to build broadband
infrastructure. Awardees are also required to establish community centers that
offer free public access to broadband.

Information on available funding and application requirements are published on
page 26241 of the May 3, 2012 Federal Register. More information on Community
Connect Grants, including the application guide, can be viewed from the USDA

Rural Development website.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active
portfolio of more than $165 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Kiowa County Press


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Request for Revision of a Currently Approved Information Collection

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's intention to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by September 30, 2013, to be assured of
consideration.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3226, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-3225, Telephone (202) 720-1400.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.

OMB Number: 0570-0035.

Expiration Date of Approval: December 31, 2013.

Type of Request: Revision of a currently approved information collection.

Abstract: Under this program, loans and grants are provided to electric and
telecommunications utilities that have borrowed funds from the Agency. The
purpose of the program is to encourage these electric and telecommunications
utilities to promote rural economic development and job creation projects such
as business start-up costs, business expansion, community development, and
business incubator projects. The utilities must use program loan funds to make a
pass-through loan to an ultimate recipient such as a business. The utility is
responsible for fully repaying its loan to the government even if the ultimate
recipient does not repay its loan. The intermediary must use program grant
funds, along with its required contribution, to create a revolving loan fund
that the utility will operate and administer. Loans to the ultimate recipient
are made from the revolving loan fund for a variety of community development
projects. The information requested is necessary and vital in order for the
Agency to be able to make prudent and financial analysis decisions.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.

Respondents: Rural Utilities Service Electric and Telecommunications Borrowers.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 120.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17.

Estimated Number of Responses: 1,955.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 4,545.

Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.

Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of USDA,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of USDA's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record.

Dated: July 22, 2013.

Ashli Palmer,

Chief of Staff, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 14, 2009 Thursday

USDA makes grants available for value-added products

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 376 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development Acting State Director Eric Vigil announced
Rural Development's business program has made available approximately $18
million nation wide in competitive grant funds to help independent agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities.

In making the announcement Vigil said, "This grant program is designed to help
independent farmers and ranchers develop strategies to create marketing
opportunities and provide working capital for value-added activities. A grant
could assist a farmer or rancher in creating a feasibility study for developing
renewable energy on their farm or ranch; or, a grant could cover working capital
expenses for a chile farmer to turn chile into salsa."

USDA Rural Development is encouraging projects that highlight innovative uses of
agricultural products. This may include using existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways and/or merging agricultural products with technology in
creative ways. As with all value-added efforts, generating new products,
creating expanded marketing opportunities and increasing producer income are the
end goal. Applications proposing to develop innovative, sustainable products,
businesses, or marketing opportunities that accelerate creation of new economic
opportunities and commercialization in the agri-food, agri-science, or
agriculture products integrated or merged with other sciences or technologies
are invited.

Each applicant can apply for only one grant each year-either for planning or
working capital. The maximum amount for a planning grant is $100,000 and the
maximum amount or a working capital grant is $300,000. Ten percent of available
funds are reserved to fund applications submitted by beginning farmers or
ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers.

Applications for the Value Added Producer Grant must be submitted no later than
July 6, 2009, to be eligible for FY 2009 grant funding or June 22 if applying
for reserved funds. The applications will be accepted by the Rural Development
State office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE, Albuquerque, NM 87109.

For more information on the VAPG contact the USDA Rural Development business
program in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Southwest Georgia receives $14.3 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
funding

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Sept. 13--WASHINGTON -- U.S. Rep. Sanford D. Bishop, D-Albany, announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency has approved $14.3
million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in Southwest
Georgia.

The recipients are the Fort Gaines Police Department, the Ellaville Police
Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the Development Authority of Macon County
and South Georgia Technical College, a news release from Bishop's office said.

"The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia," he said. "These
resources will be used to improve educational training, increase the use of
green technology and replace outdated equipment."

Pataula Charter Academy in Edison will receive a $14 million community facility
direct loan in order to build a new educational facility and multipurpose
building. The state-commissioned charter school serves Baker, Calhoun, Clay,
Early and Randolph counties, and includes grades K-12.

The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 rural business
development grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net-zero
energy housing.

The city of Fort Gaines will receive an economic impact initiative grant of
$50,000 and a community facility loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for its police department. The city of Ellaville was also
awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900 under the Community
Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully-equipped patrol vehicle.

South Georgia Technical College in Americus will receive a rural business
development grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck driving
simulator. Students enrolled in the institution's Commercial Truck Driving
Program will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.

The USDA Rural Development Agency provides both technical assistance and loans,
grants and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural communities.
The support is used to help communities with housing, economic development,
health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as water, electric
and communications infrastructure.

Stay Informed

Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.

Error! There was an error processing your request.

Breaking News Alerts

Get Breaking News alerts from Albany Herald delivered to your email.

Local Newsletter

Local news headlines from Albany Herald.

Sports Newsletter

Sports headlines from Albany Herald.

Manage your lists

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160913-1AH-Southwest-Georgia-receives-14.3-million-in-U-S-Department-of-Agricu
lture-funding-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 9, 1993 Thursday

LENGTH: 270 words


WASHINGTON (AP) Ä The Agriculture Department is beginning a $3 million program
with seven land-grant universities to develop jobs and income-producing projects
for underdeveloped rural communities. ""The intent of this project is direct,
hands-on jobs creation in traditionally agricultural-dependent communities,''
said Bob Nash, USDA's undersecretary for small community and rural development.

The agreement will establish pilot projects to provide technical assistance to
communities and small businesses in such communities over an 18-month period. It
will be coordinated through USDA's Rural Development Administration and
Extension Service. This is the first of several initiatives resulting from
President Clinton's Nov. 1 executive order to advance the capacity development
of black colleges and universities, Nash said. These agreements reflect the
administration's desire to reach out to low-income, rural communities to improve
their economic health, he added. ""This program will aid potential applicants in
limited resource rural communities to compete for designation as Empowerment
Zones or Enterprise Communities,'' he said. ""The program will also help these
communities pursue assistance from other federal, state and private sources.''
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy has noted that the nation's land-grant
universities have some of the best agriculture science and business educational
programs in the nation. ""These agreements build on the strength of these
programs to ensure quality education related to small business development and
to improve the quality of life in rural communities,'' Nash said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday
                                  All Editions

PUC gets funds for wind projects in Aroostook

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


Windmills, both for personal and business use, are becoming familiar sights in
Aroostook County. A grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program could lead to still more of the structures, as the funds
will be used in part to support the development of new small wind-power related
businesses in the region.

U.S. Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins announced Wednesday that the
$50,000 grant was awarded to the Maine Public Utilities Commission. The agency
will use the grant funding to provide technical assistance and training to
support the development of new small wind-power related businesses in Aroostook
County.

Tim Vrabel, deputy director of energy programs for the PUC, said Wednesday that
the grant has three objectives.

The first will be to purchase and install a meteorological tower at a test site
in the region. The location of the site has yet to be determined. The towers are
equipped with instruments to collect wind data to ensure suitable wind speeds
for wind energy projects.

Vrabel confirmed that if data gathered by the tower are favorable, the PUC could
consider constructing a windmill in that spot in the future.

The second objective will be to educate business owners about wind power and
encourage more businesses to participate in such projects.

The final objective will be to bring more wind experts to The County to raise
awareness about windmills and wind farms.

Vrabel pointed out that a conference about wind energy has been held in Presque
Isle for the past several years and will take place again this fall.

The conferences provide information on how wind resources can be developed to
benefit rural economies, including businesses, municipalities, agricultural
producers and homeowners. Speakers have discussed how wind power works and have
touched on available economic support for the development of wind projects.

"We will use the grant to bring more expertise to Presque Isle to inspire more
people to consider wind," said Vrabel.

The date of the conference was not available Wednesday.

Snowe and Collins said in a joint statement that "Maine is well positioned to be
a leader in the development of wind power, and this investment will help boost
economic growth in Aroostook County."

The USDA Rural Development program provides financial loans and grants to help
improve the economy and quality of life in rural America.

jlbdn@ainop.com

538-6567

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday

WREDC gets grant: USDA dollars will help small businesses

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Oct. 31--WORTHINGTON -- USDA Rural Development State Director Colleen Landkamer
was in Worthington Friday to present the Worthington Regional Economic
Development Corp. (WREDC) with a $99,900 grant to benefit small businesses
within Nobles County.

The grant will combine with WREDC's existing revolving loan fund to benefit
small business development and expansion projects.

"The Revolving Loan Fund is a gift that keeps on giving. You start with some
money and, as you loan it out and it gets paid back, it continues to grow and it
continues to make your community stronger and stronger," Landkamer said during a
brief program at the WREDC office.

The $99,900 is a matching grant, meaning that those who qualify for funds will
receive 50 percent of their low-interest loan from the grant dollars, and 50
percent from the WREDC. When the business repays the loan, the WREDC revolving
loan fund collects 100 percent of the payment.

Glenn Thuringer, manager of economic development and membership services for the
WREDC, said the grant dollars will give the agency's revolving loan fund a
long-term boost. At the same time, it makes it possible to lend funds for
service and retail projects that don't often qualify for grants or low-interest
loans.

"It just gives us access to some dollars that we really have been missing," said
Thuringer. "A lot of the programs out there makes the retail and service sector
fall through the cracks.

"Over the years, we've talked about how a thriving downtown makes for a better
community," he added. "This will help give them a chance to get started."

Thuringer emphasized that the money is available to all of the communities in
Nobles County.

"I foresee some of our businesses in some of the smaller communities (being
interested)," he said. At this time, he is working with some projects, but those
are still in the business plan development stage.

Sen. Amy Klobuchar staff representative Chuck Ackman said the funds given to
Worthington Friday are "exactly what works in this part of the country" and said
it is the bread and butter of local economic development.

"It's the local entrepreneur who's got an idea and he wants to go from working
out of his garage to renting some space and employing three people -- that's
what these funds are for, and this is what works," Ackman said. "It's the
backbone of our economy, it always has been."

"President Obama is really committed to a strong rural economy, and these are
some of the ways we can help assist you in making your economy a little
stronger," Landkamer said.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091031-QG-WREDC-gets-grant-1031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2009


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Grants available to aid rural organisations and businesses

BYLINE: Mike Pryce

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


RURAL organisations and businesses are being invited to submit an application
for the next round of funding in the LEADER programme.

Officially called the LEADing Rural Business small capital grant funding
programme, it is aimed at growth and job creation in the rural economy.

Bidding applications can be made to support cultural and heritage new
initiatives, or enhance or improve existing activities or places, of a cultural
or historic nature. Also to support provision of rural services initiatives, or
improve existing access to services and the provision of infrastructure in rural
areas.

The key objectives of the programme include the growth in the rural economy and
the creation of additional rural employment in rural Worcestershire and the
range of potential capital grants will be between £2,500 and £35,000. The
Worcestershire LEADing Rural Business programme is funded through the Rural
Development Programme for England 2014-2020 under the LEADER approach, utilising
money from the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.

Jill Hall, chairman of Worcestershire Local Action Group, said: "This is a great
opportunity for rural communities and businesses to work together to enhance
rural infrastructure for residents and visitors. Worcestershire is a county with
a thriving rural cultural heritage, and I encourage applicants to discuss their
idea with the LEADER programme."

Cllr Ken Pollock, Worcestershire County Council cabinet member with
responsibility for economy, skills and infrastructure, added: "Worcestershire
has a very strong rural and agricultural economy, and the county is leading the
way in rural business innovation. The LEADER programme offers fantastic support
to rural businesses, as well initiatives to improve culturally or historically
significant sites and I would encourage any interested organisations or
individuals to find out more about the funding opportunities available."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 28, 2013 Thursday

Shoppers urged to support local merchants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner is
urging everyone to support local small businesses this Small Business Saturday
celebration this weekend.

"Please take time to thank the small business owners in your community for their
contributions to the local economy by purchasing their products and services,"
said Brunner. His comments coincide with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) partnership with the White House and the Small Business Administration's
support of small businesses this holiday shopping season.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau there are over 28 million small businesses
throughout the United States, representing 44 percent of U.S. private sector
payroll. These small businesses also create 2 out of every 3 new American jobs.

Many jobs in rural America have been created through USDA Rural Development's
(RD) Rural Business-Cooperative programs which include; over a dozen loan
guarantee, direct loan, and grant opportunities. Generally these programs are
available to small business owners in rural communities of 50-thousand people or
less. The financial support helps small businesses expand, purchase new
equipment, receive training and technical assistance, and become energy
efficient in their operation - which lowers operating cost, preserves the
environment, and makes America less dependent on foreign fuel.

USDA Rural Development also partners with lenders, local governments, Tribal
groups, intermediaries, and cooperatives to help small businesses develop new
products and expand into new markets.

Brunner added, "So as you do your holiday shopping I urge you to please support
your local business such as the ones that have received financial support from
USDA Rural Development." said Brunner.

Some of the small businesses that USDA Rural Development (RD) supports include
many that received funds through various intermediary partners that were funded
by Rural Development.

One such business is Joliesse Chocolates located in Los Ranchos de Albuquerque
which received funding from the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund
through a financial program offered by USDA Rural Development. State Director
Brunner and Congresswoman Lujan Grisham visited Joliesse Chocolates on Saturday
to some of their holiday shopping.

Grace Lapsys the owner of Joliesse Chocolates said, "Our business began on the
internet in May of 2012, and today we are already getting ready to expand by
leasing more space and hiring more people. We are very grateful for the
opportunity and support we have received."

USDA Rural Development provided a $500,000 Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) loan and a $105,000 RMAP grant plus a $400,000 Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP) loan to the New Mexico Loan Fund. The Loan Fund then
provides technical assistance and financial support to small businesses around
the state of New Mexico.

USDA Rural Development also provided a $400,000 Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loan and a $100,000 RMAP grant to the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team, Corp. (WESST). The funding is also being used to provide
technical assistance and microloans to eligible rural microentrepreneurs for
startup and growing microenterprises. President Obama's plan for rural America
has brought about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural
communities. Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communi-ties. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural
way of life that stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 25, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Small towns fear loss of development grants

BYLINE: CARA PESEK, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1061 words


For more than three decades, community development block grants have been the
spit and polish that some towns have used to keep their shine.

They're helping to spruce up the downtown area in Fairbury. They've helped the
town of Johnson, population 280, install new sidewalks and curbs. They've
allowed for a trail to be built at Arbor Day Farm in Nebraska City and have
helped build a senior center in York.

"It's one of the ways that local people get back some of their tax money, that's
for sure," said David Taladay, a programs manager for the Southeast Rural
Development District, which has helped several  towns apply for the grants.

But the community development block grant program is in danger of being cut.
President Bush's budget calls for the program, which generally receives about $4
billion in federal funding each year, to be merged with 17 other grant and loan
programs. Together, those programs would receive less money than the community
development block grant program does now.

And that, Taladay fears, could mean less money for much-needed projects such as
new streets, updated sewer systems and community centers in rural Nebraska.

The block-grant program was started in 1974, according to the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development, which administers the program. Back then, the
grants were to help fund projects in urban areas. Lincoln, for example, has used
block-grant funds to build a park, help a software company relocate in the
Capital City and make improvements to the North Bottoms.

After a few years, the program was amended so rural areas could participate,
too. Now the Nebraska Department of Economic Development, which declined to
comment for this story, doles out more than $10 million worth of grants each
year. The catch:At least 70 percent of the grant money must be used in a manner
that would improve the quality of life for low- or moderate-income people.

Since then, many of Nebraska's towns have relied on the grants as a way to pay
for expensive projects.

Fairbury is among those. The Jefferson County town of 4,262 has applied for and
won several block grants over the past few years, most recently to add new
gutters, curbs, sidewalks and streetlights to the city's downtown, said Jim
Frager, executive director of Jefferson County Economic Development Corp.

Of the $700,000 in grant money the city has received for the project, $300,000
has come as block-grant money, he said.

Frager said the grants have helped immensely in Fairbury's efforts to draw new
businesses to town. For one, he said, they've been used to fund projects that
increase quality of life  such as a new trail and the current downtown project.

The city also has used grant money as an incentive to convince new businesses to
locate there.

Frager thinks any cuts to the program could harm small towns.

"(Cutting funding) would have a disastrous effect on a community's ability to
promote itself to businesses coming in," he said.

Martin O'Haus, director of the West Central Nebraska Development District in
Ogallala, is worried, too.

He's organized a letter-writing campaign in which residents of the 18-county
area his district serves would write their congressmen about what the program
has done for their communities.

In his area, O'Haus said, that's a lot.

Since 1983, he said, Lincoln County has received more than $60 million through
the program. Dawson County has received more than $70 million.

Mostly, he said, the projects are for things such as improving sewer systems and
making drinking water safer, he said.

And many projects, he said, wouldn't get done otherwise.

"There are a few other federal programs that basically could provide funding,"
O'Haus said, "but they're loan programs, and communities can only absorb so much
debt."

Wahoo also has made good use of the program, said City Clerk Melissa Harrell.

In the past decade or so, the city has obtained several of the grants, which it
has used to update the town's storm sewers and revamp its comprehensive plan,
among other things.

Right now, she said, Wahoo is waiting to hear whether it will receive a grant of
more than $500,000 to help bring a new ethanol plant to town, an industry, she
said, that would create at least 26 local jobs.

She's optimistic.

As long as a project is well-thought-out and meets the grant criteria, a
community has a good chance of winning block-grant money, she said.

Harrell sees that as a good thing. Drawing up a comprehensive plan is expensive,
she said, and something many small towns wouldn't be able to afford without
grants.

But Jim Barr, state director for USDA Rural Development, said if the money for
the grants is decreased, the top programs still will get done.

His office also administers a grant and loan program for rural communities. It's
one of the programs that under Bush's plan would be combined with the community
development block grant program.

He's not too worried about the possible cuts, he said - at least not yet.

Every year, he said, the amount of loans and grants his office is able to dole
out changes, so he's used to some flux.

And even if the funding does decrease, that doesn't mean Nebraska will be
affected, he said.

"To some extent, these are on national competitions," he said, "so it may or may
not impact Nebraska."

It's still too early to tell how much the program will change, said Erin Hegge,
press secretary for Rep. Tom Osborne. Congress must approve the president's
budget before any of his recommendations go into effect.

But Taladay fears that any changes to the program could  mean changes for
Nebraska.

"There's the idea of maybe making things more efficient by putting all the funds
under one umbrella,"he said. "But if they cut the majority of the funding, that
doesn't help."

Reach Cara Pesek at 473-7361 or cpesek@journalstar.com.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANTS

What they are:The grants are administered by the federal government. In
Nebraska, they often are used for economic development and community improvement
programs, such as  building trails, sidewalks, city buildings and sewer systems.

What's happening: President Bush's budget proposes combining these with other
grant and loan programs, and the programs would receive less funding in the next
year than the community development block grant program alone receives now.

What's next: Congress has to approve the budget before any changes will go into
effect.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An Auburn resident since 1956, Annie Thomas, a former mayor and current
chairwoman of the city's economic development committee, hopes the town can use
community development block grants to improve storefronts on Central Avenue and
put housing on the upper floors as part of the plan for community
revitalization. ROBERT BECKER/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Finance NM: Federal program offsets cost of solar power for Belen pecan farm

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner USDA Rural Development

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 560 words


BELEN &GT;&GT; Mike and Kathy Mechenbier used to wait until night, when
electricity was cheaper, to irrigate their pecan farm near Belen. Now the couple
lets the sun create no-cost power to run the pecan farm's irrigation pumps
during the day.

With help from a $107,100 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Energy for America Program, or REAP, the couple installed a 564-panel solar
array at the Burris Pecan Farm, which is owned by their Four Daughters Land and
Cattle Company.

Because they will receive production credits from Public Service Company of New
Mexico for any surplus energy generated by their 147-kilowatt system, the
Mechenbiers hope to break even on the $428,402 investment within about four
years and to save at least $25,000 each year moving forward.

The pecan farm is a big part of the company's 142,000-acre rural business, which
began in 1986 as a cattle ranch named for the couple's four daughters. And New
Mexico pecans are important to the nation's nut industry, with New Mexico
routinely in the top tier of pecan-producing states. In 2012, New Mexico came in
second only to Georgia, producing 65 million pounds of pecans, according to the
National Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA.Commitment to rural
communities

Through REAP, USDA's rural development agency awards eligible rural enterprises
grants to cover as much as 25 percent of the cost of installing an alternative
energy system or upgrading heating or air-conditioning systems and lighting to
more energy-efficient versions. Eligible alternative energy projects can produce
heat, electricity or fuel from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydropower or
hydrogen-based sources.

Grant awards are limited to $500,000 for renewable-energy systems and $250,000
for other types of energy-efficiency improvements. The program also guarantees
loans of up to $25 million that the business secures to cover the remaining 75
percent of the total project cost.

The federal program is designed to assist rural enterprises whose owners can
demonstrate a need for financial help with the energy projects. Other
eligibility standards apply as well. For example, the business must generate at
least half of its gross income from agricultural operations that are conducted
on property the applicant owns. And the property must be in a community of less
than 50,000 people   a standard that's easy for many New Mexico businesses to
meet.

USDA has invested $122 million in rural New Mexico projects like the one at
Burris Pecan Farm during the 2013-2014 fiscal year. That total includes
investments in 17 rural businesses, loans and grants to help 577 families
purchase or repair their homes and money to support efficient water support,
treatment and storage facilities and wastewater treatment systems.

Rural business owners or agricultural producers can call any local USDA Rural
Development field office or the state office in Albuquerque, 505-761-4953, for
more information about the program or to see if they qualify. Or they can visit
USDA Rural Development's website at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov .

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

Terry Brunner, New Mexico State Director, USDA Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday

£7m Euro cash joy for rural projects

BYLINE:  Arthur Williams

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 389 words


A £7 MILLION cash windfall has been secured to regenerate rural Carmarthenshire.

Council chiefs are celebrating huge grants for 11 flagship projects across the
county.

They have been successful in securing money from the Rural Development Plan.

Projects including environmental schemes in the Towy Valley, grants for rural
conversion, a Carmarthenshire centre for crafts, support for rural businesses
and improvements at Carmarthen Park will now be driven forward.

The European-funded programme is aimed at supporting the regeneration of rural
areas, and is worth around £800 million to Wales until 2013.

Grwp Cefn Gwlad, representing a range of organisations in Carmarthenshire, has
been working on the bids for the past year.

Deris Williams, chairwoman of Grwp Cefn Gwlad said: "The latest grants build on
the group's success in achieving £26 million of Objective One funding for rural
Carmarthenshire over the past seven years.

"A great deal of work has been undertaken over the last 12 months facilitated by
the West Wales European Centre.

"Projects will be delivered by Carmarthenshire Council in conjunction with a
number of partners active in the field of rural regeneration."

Project leaders say the schemes will  help to improve the quality of life in
rural parts of the county.

They will focus on strengthening the identity of local communities, increasing
access to local services, providing improved leisure and cultural facilities and
supporting businesses so new jobs are created.

Council leader  Meryl Gravell, said: "We are absolutely delighted to have
secured this funding under the Rural Development Plan.

"The process was very competitive and the team is to be commended for putting
together such a strong business plan.

"The projects will bring many benefits to rural communities across
Carmarthenshire and have been designed to ensure maximum impact in the areas
involved."

News of the funding comes just a week after a huge £8.8 million convergence
grant was approved for a project to help small businesses in South West Wales.

Council chief executive Mark James said: "This money will bring many economic
benefits to rural Carmarthenshire.

"The Rural Development Plan provides a wonderful opportunity to invest in the
regeneration of rural areas, and a great deal of preparatory work has been
undertaken in the past 12 months."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 153


                       Copyright 2008 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                           January 9, 2008 Wednesday

£60 million grants lifeline for rural businesses

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 240 words


A £60 million programme to support rural businesses  has been launched.

Under the scheme, which was unveiled by East Midlands Development Agency (Emda)
yesterday, businesses can bid for grants for between £25,000 and £250,000.

Projects need to show how they will promote diversification, improve
agriculture, horticulture or forestry, or increase co-operation between
businesses. Some of the cash has been set aside to specifically help livestock
businesses.

The Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) is being funded through the
European Union and the Government.

Andrew Morgan, skills and communities director at Emda, said:  "We are delighted
that the RDPE programme is now up and running.

"The East Midlands is the third most rural region in England, with about 1.2
million people living and working in the countryside.

"This funding will make a real difference to those communities and Emda is
looking forward to working with our partners to help our rural economies
flourish."

Of the money available, £12 million will be available for local action groups,
which will involve  councils, the private sector and others, to deliver other
aspects of the development programme.

These action groups will then be able to decide what projects should be
supported in the area.

To put themselves forward for a grant, applicants should submit an expression of
interest by ringing 0115 947 1797.

Alternatively, visit  Emda's website:

www.emda.org.uk/rdpe

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                 April 23, 2009

Huge crowd attends LEADER meeting

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


AN INFORMATION meeting was held in Camross Hall on Thursday to educate people
about Wexford Local Development (WLD).

WLD brings together over 17 years of local development expertise arising from
the amalgamation of the three companies W.O.R.D., WAP and CWP.

Earlier this year WLD signed the contract to deliver the Rural Development /
LEADER Programme for County Wexford leading up to 2013. This is the largest
Rural Development Programme that has been allocated to the county with a budget
of EUR 12.5 million.

This programme is supported by 'The European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development and the Department of Community, Rural & Gaeltacht Affairs'. To
assist in the delivery of this Rural Development Programme and to promote the
opportunities that are available through this grant scheme two Information
Events were organised.

These took place in County Wexford Community Workshop, Enniscorthy, on Tuesday
14th April and Camross Hall on Thursday 16th April.

Over 200 people attended these information events hosted by WLD including Board
Members, councillors and those interested in developing projects in the county.

"The level of interest in the new Rural Development Programme is huge and we are
very much looking forward to working with people to assist them in the
development of their projects," said Frank D'Arcy, Rural Development Manager,
WLD.

The aim of the two information events was to provide information on the Rural
Development / LEADER Programme and to illustrate the type of projects that might
be supported under this initiative.

This includes: diversification of the farm; small business; tourism; community
services; village renewal; conservation and heritage; training and transnational
co-operation.

The Rural Development / LEADER Programme also supports feasibility studies and
research to assist in the development of a project idea before capital
investment is required.

Under this Rural Development / LEADER Programme community groups can secure up
to 75per cent grants for capital projects and private individuals can secure up
to 50per cent grants.

The maximum grant aid allowed is EUR 150,000 for capital projects and EUR 30,000
for feasibility and research type projects.

If anyone would like further information on the National Rural Development /
LEADER Programme or would like an application form contact the WLD, Johnstown
Castle Office at Tel: 053 9146453 or email info@wexfordleader.ie

This Programme is supported by 'The European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development and the Department of Community, Rural & Gaeltacht Affairs'.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Citizen Gloucester

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

£1.5m grant to grow the tourism sector

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 386  words


A NEW £1.5 million capital grant to grow businesses and create jobs within the
tourism sector in rural Gloucestershire has been launched.

Organisations are being invited to submit expressions of interest to the Rural
Development Programme for England  Growth Programme.

The grant is for land-owners,  groups representing rural communities, charities
and public bodies with the overarching aim of the fund to encourage visitors to
spend more time and money in the rural parts of the GFirst LEP area.

In additional to the new funding RDPE, capital grants are currently available to
rural micro and small businesses from the LEADER programme for projects across
all sectors that create new jobs and increase productivity or bring money into
the rural economy.

GFirst Local Enterprise Partnership  has worked with the Rural Payments Agency
to secure the financial allocation through the European Agricultural Fund for
Rural Development - part of the European Structural and Investment Funds.

David Owen, chief executive of GFirst LEP, said: "Rural businesses play a key
role in maximising opportunities in tourism to strengthen our rural economy. The
award of further grant funding will bring much needed support to rural business
to enable them to expand and grow."

The announcement comes just days after the local enterprise partnership
announced it had won another round of funding from the Government in the latest
round of what are called Growth Deals.

It won £29.13 million in what was the third bidding process for LEPs from all
around the country, taking the total to £106.63 million.

In a competitive process between all 38 local enterprise partnerships in
England, GFirst LEP submitted its bid to Government in the summer, outlining its
priority list for the county, and was rewarded with the top three priority
projects being funded - Infrastructure for a new Cyber Business Park in
Cheltenham, improvements to traffic flow and release of land for housing at
Longford, and investment for a brand new Further Education campus in the Forest
of Dean.

A free workshop is being held on Wednesday April 5 at The Growth Hub, which will
include a step by step guide to applying for funding, and delivering a project
under both the Growth Programme and Leader Programme.

To book a place on the workshop, visit bit.ly/eafrdgfirstlep.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Owen, chief executive officer of GFirst LEP.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Arbroath Herald

                                 June 12, 2009

£10,000 AWARD FOR RURAL SCHEME

BYLINE: Staff Copy

LENGTH: 194 words



HIGHLIGHT: ANGUS Council has invested another £10,000 into its Angus Rural
Enterprise Grant Scheme (AREG) to support the development of small rural
businesses and community groups.


The two-year fund, established by the council in 2007, closed in March having
allocated £28,441 to 11 small business and community groups operating in rural
Angus.

Within the 11 groups over 100 small rural businesses were supported. The groups
were also able to access a further £30,750 in match funding, further
safeguarding jobs in rural enterprises and assisting community project
development. One project alone attracted over 200 visitors to the county.

The investment of a further £10k for 2009/10 was approved by the council's
infrastructure services committee last Tuesday.

Committee convener David May said the grant scheme had successfully provided
'seed corn funding' to non-constituted rural groups that had difficulty
accessing other established sources of funding.

The eligibility and the application criteria is to be reviewed to prevent
duplication with other schemes and to align it more with the council's new
economic development strategy which focuses on the priority areas of sustainable
energy, food and drink and tourism.

Given the reduced level of resources available the upper grant limit is to be
reduced from the current level of £5,000 to £2,500.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ARBR


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

Funds for the SME Announced

BYLINE: Francis Xoagub

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Windhoek


The Oshana regional authority has pledged over N$132 000 in new funding as part
of the Micro-Finance Project Grant (MFPG) to the small and medium enterprises
(SMEs) in an effort to address unemployment and poverty in rural areas.

Oshana Regional Council Director for Development Planning under the Directorate
of Planning and Development Services, Boas Munalye, announced the pledge in an
interview with New Era recently. He said the MFPG for SMEs is a component of the
Rural Industrialisation Programme of the Ministry of Regional and Local
Government, Housing and Rural Development (MRLGHRD) whose mandate is to
financially support activities that promote the establishment of new or the
expansion of the productive and management capacities of small and medium
enterprises in rural areas, thus ensuring social and economic development of the
region, the creation of wealth and employment opportunities.

According to Munalye, each region received N$13 2000 from a total allocation of
close to N$1.3 million from the Ministry of Regional and Local Government,
Housing and Rural Development.

He explained that regional councils in all 13 regions run the component with the
MRLGHRD funding the Rural Industrialisation Programme, which aims at poverty
alleviation and addressing the issue of unemployment in rural communities.

"Universal or common knowledge indicates that worldwide the SMEs are the
backbone for rural industrialisation and as a norm these have been predominantly
owned by the previously disadvantaged businessmen and women," he said.

"The Government's objectives are to increase the use of SMEs across the entire
economy, and contribute to economic growth and employment creation."

According to Munalye, since the introduction of the assistance programme, 20
applications from SMEs in the Oshana Region have been received so far. However,
only funding to five businesses was approved, while 15 SMEs were rejected
because they were either not registered or did not submit business plans.

He, however, added that the rejected business applications might be considered
in the second round of the funding, which will start in December and end March
21, 2011, provided that they meet the basic conditions for funding.

Successful SMEs receive grants of up to N$50000 to undertake the business. The
funds should be utilised within one to three years, depending on the scope or
development of the project.

Munalye also said the processing of the applications will be done within the
constituency offices and applicants are strongly encouraged to submit a draft
proposal or concept paper to the Micro-Finance Project Grants Selection
Committee for preview and guidance before preparations of the final proposal.

He said the selection committee can also assist in the formulation of a final
proposal.

He further explained that the draft proposals or concept paper should be
submitted by the deadline of May 01, 2011; full final proposal by the May 15,
2011 while feedback to successful applicants will be June 01, 2011.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday

WORKSHOPS ON FUNDING FOR RURAL PROJECTS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 258 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development's business program will
hold free workshops around the state, including one in Taos on May 14, to
provide information on obtaining loans and grants for "renewable energy systems,
energy efficiency improvements and value-added" agriculture projects.

The Rural Energy for America Program offers funds to farmers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make
energy-efficiency improvements.

Such energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal and hydrogen-based
projects using commercially proven technology.

The Value Added Producer Grant Program gives grants for projects that increase
value to agriculture commodities. In past years, value-added grants have been
awarded for projects dealing with biofuels, composting, high-value wool, branded
beef, wine and pork processing.

Workshops will be held in the following locations:

Wednesday (May 6): Clovis Community College, Clovis;

Thursday (May 7): Eastern N.M. University/Roswell;

Friday (May 8): Las Cruces Small Business Development Center, Las Cruces;

Wednesday, May 13: Belén Public Library, Belén;

Thursday, May 14: Taos Coronado Hall, Taos Convention Center, El Alcalde Room,
120 Civic Plaza Drive, 1:30-3:30 p.m.

For information on these workshops, contact Jesse Monfort Bopp at (505) 761-4952
or jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov or Thelma DiBartolomeo at (505) 761-4953.

For more information on these and all USDA Rural Development business and
cooperative programs, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs.

--Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

USDA dishes out grants, loans to area businesses

BYLINE: Lisa Miller, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Nov. 18--Millions of dollars have flowed into area business over the course of
five years, North Dakota Rural Development Director Jasper Schneider said during
a stop at the Strom Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Dickinson
Wednesday.

Tuesday and Wednesday Schneider toured Mott, Regent, Bowman, Hettinger, Medora,
Beach and Dickinson to get feedback on economic development projects and
congratulate businesses for their recent success and growth.

Recent projects the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has been
involved in Dickinson include:

- $8.5 million in a business and industry loan was awarded to the Grand Dakota
Lodge and Conference Center for expansion.

- $5.8 million in a loan guarantee was awarded to Great Plains Medical
Enterprises to purchase the Prairie Hills Mall for a medical facility.

"I don't know what the long-term plans are but they purchased the entire mall
and short term the stores are to stay in tact," Schneider said. "But owning the
mall gives them options, they do have a medical presence there."

- A $78,700 Rural Business Opportunity Grant was awarded to Roosevelt-Custer
Regional Council to develop a strategic plan for energy impacted southwest North
Dakota.

- Consolidated Telcom received $11.5 million in grants and loans to bring
broadband Internet to rural Dickinson and Belfield.

- St. Luke's Home was awarded $13.6 million for construction of a nursing
facility.

Schneider said he is proud of the economic development efforts Dickinson has
made.

"We are happy to contribute to Dickinson's success," Schneider said.

Schneider invited others to share their success stories and Killdeer Mountain
Manufacturing President Don Hedger spoke about a project in Killdeer.

The High Plains Cultural Center will include a multi-purpose room and a separate
room that would include kiosks depicting the culture and history of the area, he
said.

"When others have an idea like we did," he added. "They are faced with many
obstacles, including rumors, financing and officials dragging their feet. How
can they move forward?"

Schneider agreed by saying education is important.

"It takes a team to move a project forward," Schneider said. "Community support
is important because without it, it is hard for us to give the OK for a
project."

The crowd brought up housing, roads and appraisals when asked about needs in
Dickinson.

"Dickinson is growing and today's needs might not be the same as a week from
now," Schneider said. "If anything comes up in the future please let us know we
would be more than willing to work on more rural development projects."

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101118-QX-USDA-dishes-out-grants-loans-to-area-businesses
-1118-20101118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2010 The Dickinson Press


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Ashland receives grant to restart pellet manufacturing company

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: ASHLAND


A local company is rising from the ashes of a devastating fire after the town
received a significant grant that will help put the pellet manufacturing firm
back in business.

U.S. Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins announced late Monday that the
U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program has granted $99,999 in
grant funding to the town of Ashland. The funds will be used to assist in the
acquisition of equipment to help restart Northeast Pellets LLC, which closed
after a fire on March 31, 2009. The accidental fire put 17 people out of work.

After the blaze gutted the facility, town officials immediately pledged to seek
state and federal assistance to help rebuild the company. Once the town
purchases the equipment needed by the Realty Road business, it will lease it to
the company.

Owned by Matthew Bell, the pellet manufacturing facility first opened in Ashland
in 2006. Before the blaze, Bell had successfully increased production at the
plant to more than 10 times what it was when he first launched the business.

Bell said Tuesday that he was excited to hear news of the grant.

"We are almost ready to reopen," he explained. "All of the buildings that we
need to operate have been rebuilt, and we are looking to start up again in
June."

Since the fire, some of Bell's employees have relocated for work or taken other
jobs. He said Tuesday that he plans to rehire all of the remaining employees who
want to return to work.

Town Manager James Gardner also was excited about the funding.

"This is really going to put his business back to work," he said Tuesday. "At
times like this, every little job here helps, and Matt runs a great business.
This is just wonderful news."

Gardner said that the town also is waiting to hear news about two other grants
the municipality applied for, which could bring in an additional $400,000 to
assist Northeast Pellets.

"We expect to start the process of purchasing the equipment within a few days,"
said the manager. "It will be great to see that place up and running again."

Snowe and Collins also were pleased to hear news of the grant funding.

"This funding will help save much-needed jobs in Aroostook County, which has
been hard hit by the recession," the senators said in a joint statement. "We are
pleased that USDA Rural Development recognizes the importance of supporting
economic opportunity in Maine's rural communities."

The USDA Rural Business Enterprise Grant program provides grants to public
agencies, private nonprofit corporations, or Indian groups for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural private
business enterprises.

jlynds@bangordailynews.com

538-6567

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Helps Deliver the Latest in Innovative Agricultural Methods to
Small, Socially Disadvantaged Agricultural Producers

LENGTH: 1113  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today awarded 17 grants in 12 states
to help small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers expand their
operations and create jobs.

"These grants help small producers and other business owners who often lack
access to the capital and technical assistance they need to grow and prosper,"
Harden said. "This funding is an example of the Obama Administration's
dedication to the economic stability of rural communities throughout the nation.
By providing assistance to small and diverse producers, USDA is expanding
healthy food options in small and economically diverse markets. Additionally,
many of these grants will allow even the smallest producers to take advantage of
the latest innovations in ag production."

USDA is investing $3 million through the Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grant program. The program funds technical assistance and other services to help
producers develop new markets and business opportunities.

For example, the Mississippi Association of Cooperatives is receiving a $200,000
grant to provide innovative technical assistance tools such as personal and
business record-keeping, business planning and marketing assistance. The
University of Texas-Pan American has been selected for a $197,317 grant to help
small-scale Hispanic producers market their food to local businesses and
consumers.

Below is a complete list of grant recipients. The funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

Alabama

Tuskegee University - $188,899 grant; To help 150 socially disadvantaged
agricultural producers in the Black Belt region secure profitable markets to
sell their produce.
    Alabama State Association of Cooperatives - $200,000 grant; To help
African-American producers of vegetable and forest products in Greene, Wilcox,
Hale, Pickens, Marengo, Choctaw and Sumter counties.

Arizona

San Xavier Cooperative Association, Inc. - $188,129 grant; To provide business
planning and marketing assistance to socially disadvantaged producers.

Arkansas

University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff - $169,066 grant; To develop business plans,
conservation plans, market research and other tools to help socially
disadvantaged producers and two vegetable cooperatives.

California

Southern California Focus on Cooperation - $200,000 grant; To provide training
on growing practices, crop planning, processing and post-harvest handling to
immigrant and refugee farmers and cooperatives.

Hawaii

The Kohala Center, Inc. - $197,219; To provide technical assistance to the Maui
Acquaponics Workers Cooperative, the Palili 'O Kohala Cooperative, the Ka'u
Coffee Growers Cooperative and the Molokai Livestock Cooperative.

Louisiana

Coastal Communities Consulting, Inc. - $200,000 grant; To provide legal
assistance, business planning and marketing plan development to socially
disadvantaged commercial fishermen.

Massachusetts

World Farmers, Inc. - $135,188 grant; To provide technical assistance on
harvesting, marketing and post-harvest practices to 225 immigrant, socially
disadvantaged and refugee farmers to ultimately result in access to new and
innovative marketing opportunities for their crops.
    Cooperative Development Institute Inc. - $100,743 grant; To provide
cooperative development training and technical assistance to refugee farmers
primarily from Somalia, Bhutan, Burundi, Sudan and the Congo, collaboratively
with four partners: the Association for Africans Living in Vermont, the
Organization for Refugee and Immigrant Success, Cultivating Community, and the
U.S. Kenyan Somalian Cross Border Trader's Association.

Mississippi

Tri County Agricultural Cooperative - $200,000 grant; To help socially
disadvantaged agricultural producers develop diversified farms and utilize
production and management strategies that will enhance their long-term
viability.
    Mississippi Association of Cooperatives - $200,000 grant; To provide
technical assistance tools such as personal and business record-keeping,
business planning and marketing assistance.

New Mexico

Southwest Development Center, Inc. - $188,255 grant; To provide accounting and
financial management training to socially disadvantaged producers, and to help
develop a cooperative food hub and a Native American food hub.
    Capacity Builders, Inc. - $174,984 grant; To provide technical assistance,
research, legal advice, feasibility studies and business plan assistance for the
"Earth Mother Agricultural Initiative."

South Carolina

Farmers Cooperative Community Improvement - $100,000 grant; To provide technical
assistance to help socially disadvantaged producers develop marketing plans,
risk management and whole-farm planning.
    SCF-Organic Farms, LTD - $200,000 grant; To complete an organic farming
progress study, conduct on-farm pest management workshops and conduct on-farm
land preparation demonstrations for socially disadvantaged producers.

Texas

University of Texas-Pan American - $197,317 grant; To increase the capacity of
small-scale Hispanic producers to improve production technologies and serve
local markets.

Washington

Northwest Cooperative Development Center - $160,200 grant; To help socially
disadvantaged producers become sustainable cooperative businesses.

The Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant program is one of many USDA
programs that help rural businesses. Since the start of the Obama
Administration, USDA has provided more than 18,000 loans and grants that have
helped 74,000 rural businesses. Many of these grants have allowed producers to
engage in the local food market sector and support their regional economies. In
2010, for example, USDA Rural Development awarded Minnesota's Hillside Farmers
Co-Op a Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant to help develop small-scale
sustainable farms.

The Co-op is a partnership between Latino farmers, including recent immigrants,
and established farmers in southeastern Minnesota. They are working together to
produce sustainable foods and build healthier communities. The co-op pairs
immigrant families with established farmers in the area who rent out their land
for gardening and poultry production.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 13, 2009

NM ag producers missing out on great free funding opportunity;
Submitted by ERNIE WATSON/USDA

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 506  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner expressed surprise this week
that only a few applications for the Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG)
have been received from Ag producers in New Mexico. The VAPG program is designed
to provide grant funding to assist agricultural producers increase their profits
by adding value to their products.

"In tough economic times, I would have expected that more than a handful of
applicatipns would have been submitted for this grant program," said Brunner. He
added, "This funding can really help farmers and ranchers find marketing
opportunities and produce profitable products from their crops or livestock.
More New Mexicans need to take advantage of this program.

The VAPG can be used for planning activities such as feasibility studies,
marketing and business plans, or for working capital. Some examples for which
the money can be used include the following:

Developing a marketing study to determine the sales potential of making diced
tomatoes and chile into salsa;

Working capital, including salaries and utilities;

Creation of bio-materials (plastics, fiberboard);

On-farm renewable energy and biofuels (ethanol, bio-diesel). Recently, a grant
was awarded to a dairy cooperative in New Mexico to determine if dairy wastes
can be turned into methane gas.

Planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of up to $300,000
to successful applicants will be competitively awarded. Applicants are
encouraged to propose projects that use existing agricultural products in
non-traditional ways or that merge agricultural products with technology in
creative ways: Businesses of all sizes may apply, but priority will be given to
operators of small and medium-sized family farms - those with average, annual
gross sales of $700,000 or less.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the available funding is reserved for beginning
farmers or ranchers and generally disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

"The deadline to apply for a Value Added Producer Grant is Monday, November 30,
2009 and is quickly approaching. Paper applications must be submitted to the
Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson NE Room 255 by the
close of business that day or electronically through the Grants.gov Website at
http://www.grants.gov." said, Brunner.

Those that want to apply for the VAPG funding can direct questions to the USDA
Rural Development State Office at 505-761-4952.

For application requirements, consult both the funding notice at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm and the regulations at
http:/www.rurdev.usda.gov/regs/regs/pdf/4284j.pdf.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Hidalgo County Herald


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£1.5m grant to grow the tourism sector;
BUSINESS Organisations invited to bid for cash

BYLINE: Andrew Merrell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 386 words


ANEW £1.5 million capital grant to grow businesses and create jobs within the
tourism sector in rural Gloucestershire has been launched.

Organisations are being invited to submit expressions of interest to the Rural
Development Programme for England Growth Programme.

The grant is for land-owners, groups representing rural communities, charities
and public bodies with the overarching aim of the fund to encourage visitors to
spend more time and money in the rural parts of the GFirst LEP area.

In additional to the new funding RDPE, capital grants are currently available to
rural micro and small businesses from the LEADER programme for projects across
all sectors that create new jobs and increase productivity or bring money into
the rural economy.

GFirst Local Enterprise Partnership has worked with the Rural Payments Agency to
secure the financial allocation through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development - part of the European Structural and Investment Funds.

David Owen, chief executive of GFirst LEP, said: "Rural businesses play a key
role in maximising opportunities in tourism to strengthen our rural economy. The
award of further grant funding will bring much needed support to rural business
to enable them to expand and grow."

The announcement comes just days after the local enterprise partnership
announced it had won another round of funding from the Government in the latest
round of what are called Growth Deals.

It won £29.13 million in what was the third bidding process for LEPs from all
around the country, taking the total to £106.63 million. In a competitive
process between all 38 local enterprise partnerships in England, GFirst LEP
submitted its bid to Government in the summer, outlining its priority list for
the county, and was rewarded with the top three priority projects being funded -
Infrastructure for a new Cyber Business Park in Cheltenham, improvements to
traffic flow and release of land for housing at Longford, and investment for a
brand new Further Education campus in the Forest of Dean.

A free workshop is being held on Wednesday April 5 at The Growth Hub, which will
include a step by step guide to applying for funding, and delivering a project
under both the Growth Programme and Leader Programme.

To book a place on the workshop, visit bit.ly/eafrdgfirstlep.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Owen, chief executive officer of GFirst LEP.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2017 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Journal

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

£2.3m funding for rural enterprises

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 256  words


RURAL businesses will soon be able to apply for their share of a £2.3 million
pot of European grant funding.

The Leader 5 programme for Torridge and North Devon has been approved, and is
one of the largest grant funds in England with £2.325 million.

The programme will launch this summer and will invite applications from rural
businesses across sectors including farming, business, tourism, rural services,
culture, heritage and forestry.

The areas the funding can support include farm diversification/increasing farm
productivity, micro/small business, rural tourism, provision of rural services,
support for cultural and heritage activity and increasing forestry productivity.

Katy Graham, from North Devon+, said: "This is great news for our area and a
reflection of the hard work that went into the bid for European Rural
Development funding."

The Leader programme is supported by both district councils.

Economic development manager for North Devon Council, Ellen Vernon, said: "The
new Leader programme has a stronger economic focus than previous programmes and
we anticipate a wide range of activity being funded to support the growth of the
businesses that make up our rural and coastal communities."

Sean Kearney, commercial and leisure services manager for Torridge District
Council added: "The grants that the programme will provide will build on the
past successes of LEADER funding and further contribute to economic growth and
increased prosperity in the area."

Visit www.leader5.co.uk for more information or call 01237 426423.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Wisconsin: Governor Walker Highlights Success at Northern Wisconsin Economic
Development Summit

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: New York



 Madison: Office of the Governor Scott Walker, The state of Wisconsin has issued
the following news release:



 Governor Scott Walker joined members of his cabinet today at the annual
Northern Economic Development Summit, held in Minocqua. In addition to
highlighting the economic success in northern Wisconsin, Governor Walker also
announced a $10 million investment in rural economic development through the
Rural Economic and Area Development Initiative, or READI.





 "Northern Wisconsin plays a crucial role in the economic success of our state
and is home to many of our key industries, including tourism, forestry, and
manufacturing," Governor Walker said. "The READI grants we're announcing today
work to ensure the continued success of these industries and others businesses
in rural areas of our state. This innovative approach encourages new business
growth and job creation, trains workers and provides access to housing, which
lays the foundation for sustainable, long-term growth in rural Wisconsin
communities."



 READI is a comprehensive category of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
funds administered by the Department of Administration's Division of Energy,
Housing, and Community Resources. The program will use $10 million of
unallocated CDBG funds to assist rural communities with economic development,
workforce housing, and workforce training. Funds are made available through an
application process to Units of General Local Governments (UGLGs).



 The comprehensive grants include up to $500,000 for proposals to create or
expand a business resulting in the creation of low- and moderate-income jobs;
workforce housing loans of up to $300,000 for proposals to attract new workers
to rural areas by rehabilitating or creating workforce housing near the economic
development project; and workforce training grants of up to $200,000 to train
new workers at the proposed economic development project.



 Governor Walker's cabinet is also participating in 61 events throughout
northern Wisconsin in Iron, Price, Taylor, Vilas, Oneida, Lincoln, Marathon,
Florence, Forest, Langlade, Shawano, Marinette, Oconto, and Menominee counties.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 12, 2015 Wednesday

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces $4.9 Million in Investments for Rural
Alabama Businesses and Community Infrastructure

LENGTH: 962  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news release:

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is in Alabama today to announce $4.9
million in new funding for projects that will protect public safety and health,
improve water and wastewater infrastructure and create expanded economic
opportunities in rural Alabama.

"The investments that USDA is announcing in Alabama today are vital to protect
public health and safety and improve the economic well-being of the state's
rural residents," Vilsack said. "USDA is proud to work with Alabama's state and
local leaders to make these projects a reality."

While in the state, Vilsack will visit projects that have previously received
USDA Rural Development funds. He will participate in the project launch for a
wastewater treatment facility in White Hall. USDA contributed a $1,024,000 grant
and a $112,000 loan toward the project.

Vilsack will also visit Kyser Catfish Farm in Greensboro. The farm received a
$49,600 grant in 2011 through USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).
The grant has allowed the farm to increase its energy efficiency and create
additional jobs. In Marengo County, Vilsack will visit with farmers at the
Marengo County Business Development Center, which received a $40,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to help farmers process, package and distribute their
produce.

During his visit, Vilsack announced investments of $4.9 million in the state,
including the projects listed below. A complete list of projects is available.

The city of Marion is receiving a $21,000 Water and Environmental Program (WEP)
planning grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and expanding
the water system.
    The Water Works and Sewer Board of the town of Fort Deposit is receiving a
$29,580 WEP grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and
expanding the water system.
    The town of Grove Hill is receiving a $7,500 Community Facilities (CF) grant
to purchase body cameras, computers and other equipment for the police
department.
    The Wilcox County Board of Education is receiving a $683,500 CF loan and a
$50,000 CF grant to renovate the natatorium at Wilcox County High School.
    Boy Scouts of America (Mobile Area Council) is receiving a $49,000 CF grant
to make improvements at Camp Maubila in Clarke County, including construction of
a pavilion and five Adirondack sleeping platforms and other improvements.
    The Rural Development Foundation is receiving an $11,700 CF loan and a
$14,800 CF grant to purchase computers, printers, microphones and audio visual
equipment to assist communities with economic development.
    The Lowndes County Commission is receiving a $389,100 CF loan and a $41,000
CF grant to make upgrades and replace equipment for the emergency 911 system,
which currently is not in operation.

The following organizations are receiving funding under USDA's Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program:

Arsenal Place, Inc. is receiving a $125,000 grant to renovate a building in
Selma that will be used for conferences, workshops and business offices.
Approximately 30 jobs are expected to be created from this project.
    The Community Foundation of Northeast Alabama is receiving an $89,000 grant
to provide technical assistance to faculty and nursing students who partner with
KidCheck Plus to provide health screenings to children in Perry and Dallas
Counties.
    The Alabama Tombigbee Regional Commission is receiving a $100,000 grant to
help purchase an HVAC system for a commercial building in Camden.

The following businesses and organizations in Alabama are receiving funding
under USDA's Rural Energy for America (REAP) program:

Page & Palette, Inc. is receiving a $36,100 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient windows and doors, four HVAC systems, additional insulation and
tankless water heaters.
    Monroe County Gin Co. Inc. will use a $204,817 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient lighting and cotton gin drying equipment.
    Bobby's Grocery and Service Station, Inc. is receiving an $18,367 grant to
purchase and install an energy-efficient HVAC system, improve lighting and
install a heat recovery system.
    Suds City, LLC will use a $56,257 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient washers, dryers, water heaters, lighting and insulation.
    Max Oil Company, Inc. will use a $46,094 grant to purchase and install an
HVAC system and energy-efficient lighting.
    Health Actions, P.A will use a $28,802 grant to purchase and install an
energy-efficient HVAC system and LED lighting.
    Hendrix Tractor Company, Inc. is receiving a $24,246 grant to purchase and
install energy-efficient HVAC systems, waste oil heaters and to improve
lighting.
    Cullman Heritage Funeral Home will use a $63,665 grant to purchase and
install solar panels.

Over the past six years, USDA has invested nearly $18 billion to support the
farmers, ranchers and growers who are driving the rural economy forward. These
investments include record conservation efforts and are facilitating
groundbreaking research, promoting new markets for rural products, and providing
a safe, affordable and nutritious food supply for Alabama families. To learn
more about the impact of USDA investments in Alabama, check out the USDA Invests
in Alabama factsheet.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

Local motel benefits from rural energy program

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 754  words


USDA Rural Development Nevada announced the approval of $59,813 in energy grants
to rural businesses to replace 565 gallons of liquid propane per year with solar
thermal water heaters, save 3,115 therms of natural gas per year through
efficiency upgrades and produce 83,422 kWh of green energy per year with solar
photovoltaic systems. Reauthorized by the 2014 Farm Bill, the Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP) helps enhance renewable energy use and energy efficiency
with grants covering 25 percent of a total project cost and guarantee loans
covering up to 75 percent of the total project cost. The latest round of Nevada
grants helped seven rural businesses which included hotels, agricultural
producers and an automotive repair shop.

"We made a big push to get the word out about REAP with workshops across Nevada,
and I am pleased with the number of grants going to small businesses and
agricultural producers," said USDA RD Nevada State Director Sarah Adler. "With
many REAP grants approved and more in the works our goal now is to work with
rural lenders to get additional large REAP guaranteed loans approved."

TWO HOTELS AND A LODGE RECEIVES $32,903

Jadish Desai's Monarch Motel in Hawthorne will use a $20,000 REAP grant to
purchase and construct a 22.7 kW roof-mounted solar photovoltaic system. The
solar photovoltaic system will generate an estimated 45,528 kWh of renewable
energy annually. This marks the second REAP grant Desai has received for a solar
photovoltaic system. Briggs Electric located in Carson City is contracted for
the installation.

The Miles End Lodge Bed and Breakfast owned by John and Ann Miles in Kingston,
received a $2,604 REAP grant to purchase and construct a solar thermal system
for generating hot water. The solar thermal system will replace an estimated 565
gallons of liquid propane gas annually. The project is contracted to Sunvelope
Solar located in Sparks.

Pranav Morar's Fallon Comfort Inn received a $10,299 REAP grant to make energy
efficiency improvements to its hot water system. The efficiency improvements
will save an estimated 3,115 therms of natural gas annually. Contracted through
Mike's Plumbing in Fallon, this project will replace old boilers and steel tanks
with a modern efficiency hot water system.

THREE AGRICULTURAL PRODUCERS RECEIVED $22,135 IN REAP FUNDING

James Gatzke's small farming operation, Canyon Gardens, near Elgin, Nev. will
use a $3,100 REAP grant to purchase and construct a 1.7 kW off-grid solar
photovoltaic system. The photovoltaic system will generate an estimated 1,645
kWh of renewable energy annually.

Marilyn Yamamoto's Organic Edibles Las Vegas received an $8,969 REAP grant to
purchase and construct a 10.8 kW roof-mounted solar photovoltaic system. The
solar photovoltaic system will generate an estimated 21,271 k Wh of renewable
energy annually for the farming operation. The solar photovoltaic cells will be

These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America. installed through Sol-Up USA located in Las Vegas.

Elizabeth McCleary's Community Supported Agriculture business, McCleary Ranch,
in Washoe Valley received a $10,066 REAP grant to make energy efficiency
improvements to her farm's irrigation system. The updated irrigation system will
save an estimated 5,884 kWh of energy annually. This is McCleary's second REAP
grant, the first of which was used to install a solar photovoltaic system.

ONE AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR SHOP RECEIVED $4,775 IN REAP FUNDING

Edward Sensibaugh of Ed's RV Repair in Moundhouse received a $4,775 REAP grant
to purchase and construct a 5-4 kW ground-mounted solar photovoltaic system. The
solar photovoltaic system will generate an estimated 9,094 kWh of renewable
energy annually.

REAP applications are accepted continuously, and the next funding opportunity
for grants of $20,000 and less will be October 31. To learn more about the
program go to the USDA website at www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural
-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-systems-energy-efficiency or contact
Mark Williams, Energy Coordinator for USDA Rural Development, at (775) 887-1222,
Ext. 116.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $211 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2015 Mineral County Independent-News


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               September 8, 2000

Owners of shops blast plan for GBP 5,000 grants

SECTION: Accidents: Fire, Pg.2

LENGTH: 307 words


SHOPKEEPERS in rural communities could be eligible for grants of up to GBP 5,000
under a new scheme launched by the Staffordshire Village Shops Development
Scheme.

But the initiative has already come under fire from a trader who says it is of
only limited use to the rural community.

Over the next two years cash grants for improvements, including better access
and sales areas, introducing new services, providing essential equipment and
meeting requirements of legislation, will be available.

But shopkeepers will be expected to contribute a minimum of 50 per cent of any
project eligible for grant assistance.

A retail consultant will also be on offer to visit village shopkeepers, advise
on applications and general business problems, assess the business and draw up
an action plan.

Strict rules on which shops and projects will be eligible for assistance
include:

- Shops serving rural communities with a population of under 3,000.

- There must be only one grocery shop in the area. Similar stores competing for
the same business would make both shops ineligible.

But maintenance, running and staff costs, stock purchases and Post Office
section improvements would all be ineligible.

Today Geoff Wakefield, proprietor of The Trading Post, in Ipstones, said: "The
grant aid is useful in only a limited way and for limited purposes.

"At the moment you have to find 50 per cent of that money and there are not many
small or rural shops that can manage that.

"The whole concept of retailing in the rural areas needs to be looked at very,
very seriously by the Government if they are to retain the rural way of life in
this country."

Julie Salt, who recently opened a community post office in Waterhouses, near
Leek, said she could not have gone ahead with her venture without grant aid from
the Rural Development Agency.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2000 The Sentinel


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Company wins grant

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 173 words


Durant-based Rural Enterprises Inc. has been awarded $125,000 to train nonprofit
agencies how to promote a newly funded REI down payment and closing cost
assistant program and a direct loan program administered by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development agency, officials said Tuesday.

Nonprofit agencies that receive the training through this grant will be able to
serve more deserving low and very low income families, as well as generate
revenue to help fund or sustain their services and programs, the USDA said in a
news release.

The REI grant was part of more than $6.4 million in grant funds that will be
provided to 33 organizations in 33 states to support rural economic development
efforts.

USDA Rural Development's Rural Community Development Initiative assists
nonprofit community based development organizations, federally recognized Indian
tribes and low-income communities to improve their ability to promote economic
growth. Recipients are required to obtain matching funds, doubling the value of
the grants.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces $4.9 Million in Investments
for Rural Alabama Businesses and Community Infrastructure

LENGTH: 959  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is in Alabama today to announce $4.9
million in new funding for projects that will protect public safety and health,
improve water and wastewater infrastructure and create expanded economic
opportunities in rural Alabama.

"The investments that USDA is announcing in Alabama today are vital to protect
public health and safety and improve the economic well-being of the state's
rural residents," Vilsack said. "USDA is proud to work with Alabama's state and
local leaders to make these projects a reality."

While in the state, Vilsack will visit projects that have previously received
USDA Rural Development funds. He will participate in the project launch for a
wastewater treatment facility in White Hall. USDA contributed a $1,024,000 grant
and a $112,000 loan toward the project.

Vilsack will also visit Kyser Catfish Farm in Greensboro. The farm received a
$49,600 grant in 2011 through USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).
The grant has allowed the farm to increase its energy efficiency and create
additional jobs. In Marengo County, Vilsack will visit with farmers at the
Marengo County Business Development Center, which received a $40,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to help farmers process, package and distribute their
produce.

During his visit, Vilsack announced investments of $4.9 million in the state,
including the projects listed below. A complete list of projects is available.

The city of Marion is receiving a $21,000 Water and Environmental Program (WEP)
planning grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and expanding
the water system.
    The Water Works and Sewer Board of the town of Fort Deposit is receiving a
$29,580 WEP grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and
expanding the water system.
    The town of Grove Hill is receiving a $7,500 Community Facilities (CF) grant
to purchase body cameras, computers and other equipment for the police
department.
    The Wilcox County Board of Education is receiving a $683,500 CF loan and a
$50,000 CF grant to renovate the natatorium at Wilcox County High School.
    Boy Scouts of America (Mobile Area Council) is receiving a $49,000 CF grant
to make improvements at Camp Maubila in Clarke County, including construction of
a pavilion and five Adirondack sleeping platforms and other improvements.
    The Rural Development Foundation is receiving an $11,700 CF loan and a
$14,800 CF grant to purchase computers, printers, microphones and audio visual
equipment to assist communities with economic development.
    The Lowndes County Commission is receiving a $389,100 CF loan and a $41,000
CF grant to make upgrades and replace equipment for the emergency 911 system,
which currently is not in operation.

The following organizations are receiving funding under USDA's Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program:

Arsenal Place, Inc. is receiving a $125,000 grant to renovate a building in
Selma that will be used for conferences, workshops and business offices.
Approximately 30 jobs are expected to be created from this project.
    The Community Foundation of Northeast Alabama is receiving an $89,000 grant
to provide technical assistance to faculty and nursing students who partner with
KidCheck Plus to provide health screenings to children in Perry and Dallas
Counties.
    The Alabama Tombigbee Regional Commission is receiving a $100,000 grant to
help purchase an HVAC system for a commercial building in Camden.

The following businesses and organizations in Alabama are receiving funding
under USDA's Rural Energy for America (REAP) program:

Page & Palette, Inc. is receiving a $36,100 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient windows and doors, four HVAC systems, additional insulation and
tankless water heaters.
    Monroe County Gin Co. Inc. will use a $204,817 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient lighting and cotton gin drying equipment.
    Bobby's Grocery and Service Station, Inc. is receiving an $18,367 grant to
purchase and install an energy-efficient HVAC system, improve lighting and
install a heat recovery system.
    Suds City, LLC will use a $56,257 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient washers, dryers, water heaters, lighting and insulation.
    Max Oil Company, Inc. will use a $46,094 grant to purchase and install an
HVAC system and energy-efficient lighting.
    Health Actions, P.A will use a $28,802 grant to purchase and install an
energy-efficient HVAC system and LED lighting.
    Hendrix Tractor Company, Inc. is receiving a $24,246 grant to purchase and
install energy-efficient HVAC systems, waste oil heaters and to improve
lighting.
    Cullman Heritage Funeral Home will use a $63,665 grant to purchase and
install solar panels.

Over the past six years, USDA has invested nearly $18 billion to support the
farmers, ranchers and growers who are driving the rural economy forward. These
investments include record conservation efforts and are facilitating
groundbreaking research, promoting new markets for rural products, and providing
a safe, affordable and nutritious food supply for Alabama families. To learn
more about the impact of USDA investments in Alabama, check out the USDA Invests
in Alabama factsheet.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

USDA rural development initiative aimed at Western Alaska

BYLINE: Molly Dischner, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


March 06--The federal government has launched a new initiative to improve rural
Alaska infrastructure and address other issues.

In January, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development arm announced
the expansion of the StrikeForce program from Southeast to Western Alaska, as
well as three telecommunications grants to Alaska entities.

USDA Alaska State Farm Service Agency Executive Director Danny Consenstein said
StrikeForce draws on several USDA entities working together, including the
Forest Service, Rural Development and Farm Service. For the 2013 fiscal year,
about $11 million was spent on StrikeForce work in Southeast Alaska.

Now, Western Alaska will also benefit from the coordinated efforts, which are
intended to both focus USDA efforts and leverage community resources with other
funding to make those efforts more efficient in targeting improvements in areas
with high poverty rates.

USDA-RD officials from Outside including StrikeForce National Coordinator Max
Finburg visited the state in January to see the realities of life and business
in Alaska.

"We are interested in creating opportunities," Finburg said after the visit to
Western Alaska.

In Kwethluk, on the Kuskokwim River east of Bethel, the group saw a lack of
adequate facilities, including sanitation and housing, Finburg said.

"We're doing everything we can to address those challenges in ways that are
unique to Alaska," Finburg said.

The group also visited Bethel and Quinhagak, both on the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta
where the new StrikeForce initiative is focused, and went to Southeast Alaska,
where StrikeForce originally launched in Alaska.

The department also announced three telecommunications grants that will support
the region.

USDA Deputy Undersecretary for Rural Development Patrice Kunesh said during a
Jan. 29 press conference that the department awarded a telecommunications grant
of $718,000 to Bethel Broadcasting Corp. to enable the station to go digital.

That was awarded as part of a competitive grant process, with entities that
could use the funding quickly at the top of the list for receiving it.

Kunesh said that while visiting the region, the USDA group heard that the
station is very cultural, with Yup'ik programming, and an institution in the
area. Digital transmission will help it continue its work.

The Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium and Chugachmiut are also slated to
receive $114,000 and $180,000, respectively, for telemedicine and other
telehealth work.

In Western Alaska, the StrikeForce initiative will also work on collaborations
with Alaska businesses and nonprofits, such as the Native corporations and the
Rasmuson Foundation.

The exact funding availability will depend on the details of the 2014 budget,
but the department expected to announce funding availability in the near future.

For the last three years the USDA's rural development arm has spent $65 million
across Alaska.

The Western Alaska initiative will likely have similarities to the department's
work in Southeast.

Constenstein said StrikeForce looked at reducing the barriers for businesses,
such as those in the tourism industry, in addition to other endeavors in
Southeast.

USDA Rural Development Area Director Keith Perkins wrote in an email that the
projects funded through StrikeForce in Southeast cover all areas of the Rural
Development mission, including business programs, community programs and
housing.

Some of the projects included a water/sewer extension in Metlakatla, on which
the USDA partnered with the Metlakatla Housing Authority. USDA provided an
$823,388 "Rural Alaska Village Grant" through the Rural Utilities program, which
leveraged about $1 million from other entities, Perkins wrote.

In Ketchikan, Community Connections, Inc. received a $2.9 million direct loan
through the Community Facilities program, which the entity used to leverage
other funds.

Perkins said that the funds may have been spent on those projects even without
the initiative, as all were considered competitive enough to merit funding.

"StrikeForce provides a more focused effort to get the USDA agencies to work
closely toward helping the economy of the region," Perkins said.

Molly Dischner can be reached at molly.dischner@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2014 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140306-JA-USDA-rural-development
-initiative-aimed-at-Western-Alaska-0306-20140306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2014 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

Efforts mount to attract 'Green Jobs'

BYLINE: Dawn M. Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 793 words


July 29--Small, rural businesses in Richmond County may soon be able to expand
into a more sophisticated infrastructure. The Rural Center is seeking funding
from the USDA to grow 'green' economic opportunities. Advancement Regional
Business Lenders, Inc. has submitted an application to the USDA for a Rural
Business Opportunities Grant that addresses planning and infrastructure needs of
Tier 1 counties like Richmond.

Last December Reps. Mike McIntyre and Larry Kissel held a federal resource
summit at the Laurinburg-Maxton Airbase. Judy Canales of the USDA keynoted by
specifying the emphasis was to be placed on regional business development rather
than at the community level.

Small businesses have to band together to eliminate costs, and together they can
enter the regional market, explained Jim McCaskill, former member of USDA Rural
Development and Richmond County resident.

A briefing for the proposal was held recently at the Lumber River Council of
Governments in Pembroke. The point of the grant briefing is to examine the
possibilities the grant could open up for the development of the southeastern
counties. Elected officials from southeastern counties were invited to meet with
the groups and agencies to collaborate on and discuss what the funding can
provide. Mayor Gene McLaurin and McCaskill attended the briefing.

The working group examining these possibilities is comprised of North Carolina's
Southeast, Advancement Regional Business Lenders, Inc., UNC Pembroke, the Rural
Center's Institute for Rural Entrepreneurship and the Lumber River Council of
Governments. Area elected officials were briefed on the part they could play by
serving as an advisory committee to the project, if it is funded by the USDA.

"The Rural Center is really driving the project," said McLaurin. "They have a
good understanding of what's going on in the communities."

If approved, this grant will help determine what small entrepreneurial
businesses in rural areas will need to be able to integrate into a larger
framework that includes Broadband and water/sewage access. Community meetings
will be held where small business owners and entrepreneurs can exchange
innovative and inexpensive ideas about emerging into the market and creating
jobs within the community.

The grant will also initiate planning to move Richmond County toward being able
to support green and renewable energy for future businesses and clean up
existing industries so they comply with environmental and safety regulations.

"We know renewable energy is coming, and we want to be ready and able to attract
businesses that use them to the area," said Mayor Gene McLaurin. Both he and
McCaskill were invited to serve on the advisory committee because of their
knowledge of and connections within Richmond and neighboring counties.

McLaurin believes that making water and sewer lines available in rural areas of
the county will make the area attractive to manufacturing industries, which will
in turn create jobs for Richmond County. Expanding infrastructure along highway
corridors will allow for business and industrial access, as well as tourism
influx.

Steve Yost of NC's Southeast says the region needs to be prepped to invite
foreign companies that manufacture parts for renewable energy equipment, such as
wind turbines and solar panels to bring their manufacturing plants to Richmond
County.

By stabilizing waste water lines between municipalities, residential and
commercial businesses may take a closer look at Richmond County, explained Jim
Perry of the Lumber River Council of Governments. He says training people in
green technology such as solar panels will allow contractors and housing
developers invested in building with green materials to come to the area. More
development could mean more job opportunities, and more sustainable growth for
Richmond County.

The North Carolina-based working group is competing with other states and
regions for this federal grant. The application must be reviewed by the USDA
before it is recommended to Washington, D.C. The working group will know by
September if the funding will be granted, and plans to be initiated could take
up to two years to draft and finalize.

Dawn Kurry can be reached at dkurry@yourdailyjournal.com or by calling 997-3111
ext. 15.

To see more of the Richmond County Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.yourdailyjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Richmond
County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100729-RU-Efforts-mount-to-attract-Green-Jobs-20100729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2010


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Baumber business benefits from ELDC grant

LENGTH: 371  words


A business in Baumber has been able to expand their drainage company thanks to a
grant from East Lindsey District Council.

Shelton Sportsturf Drainage Ltd have been awarded £29,864 through the Rural
Development Fund helping owners Michael Claxton and Richard Clark develop their
Chain Trencher and create two full time jobs and an apprenticeship.

With 60 years combined experience, Michael and Richard sell their specialised
products to countries around the world as well as locally and wanted to expand
their current range of machinery for agricultural use as well.

After focussing on solving drainage issues on all types of playing surfaces, the
new Chain Trencher is in its early stages of prototype testing and is designed
to install drainage pipes to solve the problems of waterlogged fields.

The grant is helping in developing this new machine for sale in the near future
and it is hoped the Chain Trencher will have good export potential also.

Owner Michael Claxton said: "The chain trencher is one of the machines we have
been developing to enable us to expand into the agricultural business. The Rural
Development Fund grant has been a significant boost towards this project and has
enabled us to employ more people."

"We now have over 15 specialist drainage products in our range."

Portfolio Holder for Market Towns and Rural Economy, Councillor Adam Grist,
said: "The Rural Development Fund is about supporting businesses to grow and
prosper and to help boost the economy of East Lindsey."

"Shelton Sportsturf Drainage is a prime example of a business with a clear plan
for the future and an ambition to develop new markets and create new jobs. On
behalf of the District Council we wish them every success with their Chain
Trencher project."

Since the Rural Development Fund was established in East Lindsey in 2012, over
£800,000 has been awarded to 31 local businesses and projects helping to create
57 jobs both full time and part time positions  and six apprenticeships, and
safeguarding hundreds of jobs.

The funding can support up to 75 per cent of the cost of a project up to a
maximum of £50,000.

o For more information visit www.e-lindsey.gov.uk/businessfunding or contact the
Economy and Tourism team on 01507 613113.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Funding available to revitalise rural areas

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 370 words


More help to breathe life into redundant buildings in Frome's rural communities
is now available through a new scheme run by Somerset County Council.

The Rural Renaissance Partnership's Workspace Programme, funded by the South
West Regional Development Agency, is part of the Somerset County
Council-administered Rural Renaissance Scheme.

The scheme provides grants to bring redundant buildings back into use to create
or safeguard jobs in rural communities.

It has £200,000 to distribute before the end of March, 2009 and is inviting new
applications to be submitted no later than November 1.

Applications for projects can include the re-use of previously developed land
and buildings, support for rural regeneration, diversification and growth with
emphasis on creating and maintaining employment locally.

Projects that support the food and drink sector, advanced engineering,
environmental technologies and creative industries will be favoured but all
applications will be considered on their merits.

The programme is also keen to support the development of environmentally
sustainable communities through reducing travel and car use, and by using
appropriate building design.

Grants are not available to support the development of accommodation or to fund
new buildings.

During the last 18 months the Workspace Programme has allocated about £360,000
to nine redundant building projects.

Rupert Cox, chairman of the Somerset Rural Renaissance Partnership, said: "The
programme is already making a difference, creating new workspace to help small
businesses get off the ground using existing buildings that would otherwise
remain redundant."

Mayor of Frome, Cllr Alvin Horsfall, who is Somerset County Council's portfolio
holder for economic development, said: "If our rural communities are to remain
strong and vibrant it is essential  there are places for people who can work as
well as live. This scheme is making that happen."

Grants of up to £10,000 can be made for feasibility studies.

The maximum grant for converting a redundant building is £136,000.

To register interest in the scheme contact Christine Langford on 01458 257419 or
email clangford@somerset.gov.uk

Alternatively, visit www. somerset-rural-renaissance. co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Hoeven Announces $125K in Rural Business Development Grants for
North Dakota Communities

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations and
Agriculture Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded three grants totaling $125,000 through its Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program. These awards will support technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small
businesses in rural communities. The awards are as follows:



     Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa - $77,000

     Pembina County Job Development Authority - $30,000

     City of McClusky Jobs Development Authority - $18,000



 &ldquo;Small businesses are the foundation of our nation's economy and are
vital to the ongoing growth and prosperity of our rural communities,&rdquo;
Hoeven said. &ldquo;However, starting or expanding a small business can be a
very risky and challenging endeavor. Today's grant will help support our rural
business owners by ensuring they have access to the services they need to
successfully plan their future growth.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Funding available to revitalise rural areas

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 371 words


More help to breathe life into redundant buildings in Frome's rural communities
is now available through a new scheme run by Somerset County Council.

The Rural Renaissance Partnership's Workspace Programme, funded by the South
West Regional Development Agency, is part of the Somerset County
Council-administered Rural Renaissance Scheme.

The scheme provides grants to bring redundant buildings back into use to create
or safeguard jobs in rural communities.

It has £200,000 to distribute before the end of March, 2009 and is inviting new
applications to be submitted no later than November 1.

Applications for projects can include the re-use of previously developed land
and buildings, support for rural regeneration, diversification and growth with
emphasis on creating and maintaining employment locally.

Projects that support the food and drink sector, advanced engineering,
environmental technologies and creative industries will be favoured but all
applications will be considered on their merits.

The programme is also keen to support the development of environmentally
sustainable communities through reducing travel and car use, and by using
appropriate building design.

Grants are not available to support the development of accommodation or to fund
new buildings.

During the last 18 months the Workspace Programme has allocated about £360,000
to nine redundant building projects.

Rupert Cox, chairman of the Somerset Rural Renaissance Partnership, said: "The
programme is already making a difference, creating new workspace to help small
businesses get off the ground using existing buildings that would otherwise
remain redundant."

Mayor of Frome, Cllr Alvin Horsfall, who is Somerset County Council's portfolio
holder for economic development, said: "If our rural communities are to remain
strong and vibrant it is essential  there are places for people who can work as
well as live. This scheme is making that happen."

Grants of up to £10,000 can be made for feasibility studies.

The maximum grant for converting a redundant building is £136,000.

To register interest in the scheme contact Christine Langford on 01458 257419 or
email clangford@somerset.gov.uk

Alternatively, visit http://www. somerset-rural-renaissance. co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                                  July 3, 2008

Funding available to revitalise rural areas

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 371 words


More help to breathe life into redundant buildings in Frome's rural communities
is now available through a new scheme run by Somerset County Council.

The Rural Renaissance Partnership's Workspace Programme, funded by the South
West Regional Development Agency, is part of the Somerset County
Council-administered Rural Renaissance Scheme.

The scheme provides grants to bring redundant buildings back into use to create
or safeguard jobs in rural communities.

It has £200,000 to distribute before the end of March, 2009 and is inviting new
applications to be submitted no later than November 1.

Applications for projects can include the re-use of previously developed land
and buildings, support for rural regeneration, diversification and growth with
emphasis on creating and maintaining employment locally.

Projects that support the food and drink sector, advanced engineering,
environmental technologies and creative industries will be favoured but all
applications will be considered on their merits.

The programme is also keen to support the development of environmentally
sustainable communities through reducing travel and car use, and by using
appropriate building design.

Grants are not available to support the development of accommodation or to fund
new buildings.

During the last 18 months the Workspace Programme has allocated about £360,000
to nine redundant building projects.

Rupert Cox, chairman of the Somerset Rural Renaissance Partnership, said: "The
programme is already making a difference, creating new workspace to help small
businesses get off the ground using existing buildings that would otherwise
remain redundant."

Mayor of Frome, Cllr Alvin Horsfall, who is Somerset County Council's portfolio
holder for economic development, said: "If our rural communities are to remain
strong and vibrant it is essential  there are places for people who can work as
well as live. This scheme is making that happen."

Grants of up to £10,000 can be made for feasibility studies.

The maximum grant for converting a redundant building is £136,000.

To register interest in the scheme contact Christine Langford on 01458 257419 or
email clangford@somerset.gov.uk

Alternatively, visit http://www. somerset-rural-renaissance. co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            December 27, 2015 Sunday

Business Watch: Lawyer sets up 'elder law' practice

LENGTH: 634 words


Topeka lawyer Walter Schoemaker has developed a practice specializing in "elder
law."

Schoemaker Legal Services, 3615 S.W. 29th , handles legal issues related to
Medicaid, estate planning, wills and trusts, power of attorney agreements,
health care reimbursement and carrying out a family member's wishes after his or
her death.

Schoemaker said he does house calls for legal services and charges flat fees
based on the type of services needed.

"The population I serve is not always mobile and able to leave their homes or
facilities," he said.

For more information, call (785) 409-1642.

Topekans develop

Nebraska project

Pioneer Group, which redeveloped the Dillon House and several Topeka senior
living projects, is developing a 26-unit apartment complex for veterans in Grand
Island, Neb.

The Victory Place apartments will be on the Grand Island Veterans Administration
campus. Work to develop the apartment complex began in 2011, and Pioneer Group
became involved in 2015.

"It always is enjoyable when we reach the financial closing on a project and
watch the general contractor begin the construction," Ross Freeman, president of
Pioneer Group said in a written statement. "This project is especially enjoyable
because this time we are building housing to serve our veterans - those who have
served us and provided the freedom for us to do business."

Much of the financing will come from low-income housing tax credits, and
veterans who qualify for housing vouchers will be able to use them there.

The development team also included companies from Kansas City, Mo., North
Carolina and Omaha, Neb.

Another dollar

store rebranding

The Family Dollar at 2600 S.E. California will reopen as a Dollar Tree.

Another location at 2612 S.W. 6th previously made the switch. Dollar Tree
purchased Family Dollar in 2014.

Bryn Winburn, spokeswoman for Family Dollar, said the main difference is that
Family Dollar has items at different price points, but every item at Dollar Tree
sells for $1 or less. The other Family Dollar locations around Topeka aren't
slated for rebranding, she said.

Family Dollar also has stores at 1313 S.W. 21st, 5119 S.W. 29th and 2616 S.E.
6th.

Grants for rural

development open

U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is seeking applications for a
grant program for rural business development.

The grants are open to nonprofit groups, government entities and tribes that
would use the money to support new and emerging businesses.

Grant winners can provide training and technical assistance to rural businesses;
do economic development planning; identify business opportunities in their
areas; establish business centers; set up a revolving loan fund to finance
businesses; and support distance learning programs relevant to job training.

The 2014 Farm Bill appropriated the money. The first stage of applications is
due March 15, with the final form of the application due May 16. For more
information, visit www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-business-development-grants/ks or contact Nancy Pletcher, USDA Rural
Development business program specialist, (785) 271-2733 or
nancy.pletcher@ks.usda.gov

Thanks to readers of business pages

I would like to thank all of the business page readers for your support during
the three wonderful years I have worked at The Topeka Capital-Journal.

I will be leaving for Kansas Health Institute News Service in Topeka, where I
will be able to cover health care issues in greater depth. I will leave you in
the capable hands of Morgan Chilson, who previously covered business for The
Capital-Journal and now freelances. Watch here for more about the future of the
business page.

Thank you, and have a happy New Year, readers.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                  All Editions

A $500,000 boost for Milo,;
One year after devastating fire;
Grant to be used for downtown, which lost five buildings

BYLINE: DIANA BOWLEY OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 347 words

DATELINE: MILO


The town received a big boost this week with the announcement of a $500,000
grant to help rebuild the downtown, which was destroyed by arson on Sept. 14,
2008.

The rural business development grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development agency was sought by the Piscataquis County Economic
Development Council on Milo's behalf.

"I'm really excited for the town," Town Manager Jeff Gahagan said Wednesday.
"This may give us the opportunity to start to rebuild the downtown."

Five buildings were destroyed and another business was heavily damaged in last
year's fire.

At least three of the business owners affected do not plan to rebuild, and
Hobnobber's Pub has relocated elsewhere in town. The Milo House of Pizza has
since been renovated and is back in operation.

The grant will allow the town to complete its purchase of the properties
destroyed by the fire, construct a facility with the aim of creating jobs in the
community, and develop a marketing plan for the downtown, according to a news
release from Kenneth Woodbury Jr., the council's community development
specialist.

"The new building on the fire site would be constructed according to the
developer's specifications within the limits of the grant," Woodbury said.

Thomas Kittredge, the council's executive director, will meet with the Milo
Business Association to work with it on rebuilding the downtown, according to
Woodbury. The public will be invited to offer its suggestions at a public forum,
he added.

A request for proposals will be issued to attract developers, and as soon as a
suitable project has been identified and approved by town officials,
construction can begin, Woodbury said.

Milo has already received a state riverfront bond grant of $221,000 for new
parks along the Sebec River, a $150,000 federal business enterprise grant for a
new Main Street streetscape and facade improvements for downtown businesses, and
a $340,000 federal Safe Streets grant, according to Woodbury.

Gahagan said town officials  appreciate the work the council has provided the
town.

dianabdn@myfairpoint.net

876-4579

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $2.6 Million in Grants for Infrastructure and
Economic Development Projects on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack awarded $2.6 million in grants for
seven projects to support economic development and improve the economy on the
Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.





 "Investing in and rebuilding hard-hit communities are important parts of this
Administration's plan to ensure that every child has a fair chance at success,"
Vilsack said. "Working in conjunction with our public and private partners, USDA
is supporting much-needed infrastructure and economic development improvements
to help create jobs, improve access to education opportunities and quality,
affordable housing, and reduce crime throughout the Pine Ridge community."



 The projects being financed by USDA Rural Development include:



     $1.85 million for a Water and Waste Disposal grant to Oglala Sioux Tribe to
construct a cell for the solid waste landfill, construct a building, make
repairs and purchase equipment;

     $160,800 for a Community Facilities Tribal College Initiative grant to
Oglala Lakota College for a communications/phone system for the main campus in
Kyle;

     $134,259 for a Socially Disadvantaged Groups Grant to the InterTribal
Buffalo Council to provide training and teach best practices to socially
disadvantaged ag producers for disease management programs;

     $49,500 for a Rural Business Development Grant to the Value Added
Agriculture Development Center, based in Pierre, S.D., to teach local businesses
in Oglala Lakota County, which is on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, how to
commercially process and successfully market buffalo meat;

     $48,700 for a Community Facilities Grant to the Oglala Sioux Tribe
Department of Public Safety to purchase two police vehicles in Oglala;

     $18,800 for a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative grant to the
Oglala Sioux Tribe Department of Public Safety to purchase a police vehicle in
Oglala Lakota County.



 Also, USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture is providing:



     $375,000 for a Community Food Projects grant to the Thunder Valley
Development Corporation to strengthen food sovereignty on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The project will enhance local food systems through an agriculture
demonstration farm and education center that will include a community garden,
greenhouse, food education program and workforce development training for local
farmers. It also will establish a local food coalition to expand local, healthy
food distribution systems to food outlets on the reservation.



 Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.



 In April 2015, the Obama Administration designated the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe one of eight new Promise Zones. Promise
Zones are high-poverty communities where the federal government partners with
local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational opportunities,
leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public health and
address other community-identified priorities.



 USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron,
Mitchell, Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown and Yankton. For more
information, visit the USDA Rural Development website at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 12, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces $4.9 Million in Investments for
Rural Alabama Businesses and Community Infrastructure

LENGTH: 964  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WHITE HALL, Ala., Aug. 12, 2015 - U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is in
Alabama today to announce $4.9 million in new funding for projects that will
protect public safety and health, improve water and wastewater infrastructure
and create expanded economic opportunities in rural Alabama.

"The investments that USDA is announcing in Alabama today are vital to protect
public health and safety and improve the economic well-being of the state's
rural residents," Vilsack said. "USDA is proud to work with Alabama's state and
local leaders to make these projects a reality."

While in the state, Vilsack will visit projects that have previously received
USDA Rural Development funds. He will participate in the project launch for a
wastewater treatment facility in White Hall. USDA contributed a $1,024,000 grant
and a $112,000 loan toward the project.

Vilsack will also visit Kyser Catfish Farm in Greensboro. The farm received a
$49,600 grant in 2011 through USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).
The grant has allowed the farm to increase its energy efficiency and create
additional jobs. In Marengo County, Vilsack will visit with farmers at the
Marengo County Business Development Center, which received a $40,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant to help farmers process, package and distribute their
produce.

During his visit, Vilsack announced investments of $4.9 million in the state,
including the projects listed below. A complete list of projects is available.

The city of Marion is receiving a $21,000 Water and Environmental Program (WEP)
planning grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and expanding
the water system.
    The Water Works and Sewer Board of the town of Fort Deposit is receiving a
$29,580 WEP grant to determine the cost and feasibility of upgrading and
expanding the water system.
    The town of Grove Hill is receiving a $7,500 Community Facilities (CF) grant
to purchase body cameras, computers and other equipment for the police
department.
    The Wilcox County Board of Education is receiving a $683,500 CF loan and a
$50,000 CF grant to renovate the natatorium at Wilcox County High School.
    Boy Scouts of America (Mobile Area Council) is receiving a $49,000 CF grant
to make improvements at Camp Maubila in Clarke County, including construction of
a pavilion and five Adirondack sleeping platforms and other improvements.
    The Rural Development Foundation is receiving an $11,700 CF loan and a
$14,800 CF grant to purchase computers, printers, microphones and audio visual
equipment to assist communities with economic development.
    The Lowndes County Commission is receiving a $389,100 CF loan and a $41,000
CF grant to make upgrades and replace equipment for the emergency 911 system,
which currently is not in operation.

The following organizations are receiving funding under USDA's Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program:

Arsenal Place, Inc. is receiving a $125,000 grant to renovate a building in
Selma that will be used for conferences, workshops and business offices.
Approximately 30 jobs are expected to be created from this project.
    The Community Foundation of Northeast Alabama is receiving an $89,000 grant
to provide technical assistance to faculty and nursing students who partner with
KidCheck Plus to provide health screenings to children in Perry and Dallas
Counties.
    The Alabama Tombigbee Regional Commission is receiving a $100,000 grant to
help purchase an HVAC system for a commercial building in Camden.

The following businesses and organizations in Alabama are receiving funding
under USDA's Rural Energy for America (REAP) program:

Page & Palette, Inc. is receiving a $36,100 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient windows and doors, four HVAC systems, additional insulation and
tankless water heaters.
    Monroe County Gin Co. Inc. will use a $204,817 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient lighting and cotton gin drying equipment.
    Bobby's Grocery and Service Station, Inc. is receiving an $18,367 grant to
purchase and install an energy-efficient HVAC system, improve lighting and
install a heat recovery system.
    Suds City, LLC will use a $56,257 grant to purchase and install
energy-efficient washers, dryers, water heaters, lighting and insulation.
    Max Oil Company, Inc. will use a $46,094 grant to purchase and install an
HVAC system and energy-efficient lighting.
    Health Actions, P.A will use a $28,802 grant to purchase and install an
energy-efficient HVAC system and LED lighting.
    Hendrix Tractor Company, Inc. is receiving a $24,246 grant to purchase and
install energy-efficient HVAC systems, waste oil heaters and to improve
lighting.
    Cullman Heritage Funeral Home will use a $63,665 grant to purchase and
install solar panels.

Over the past six years, USDA has invested nearly $18 billion to support the
farmers, ranchers and growers who are driving the rural economy forward. These
investments include record conservation efforts and are facilitating
groundbreaking research, promoting new markets for rural products, and providing
a safe, affordable and nutritious food supply for Alabama families. To learn
more about the impact of USDA investments in Alabama, check out the USDA Invests
in Alabama factsheet.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Inviting Applications for the Rural Business Development Grant
Program To Provide Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems

LENGTH: 4641  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Inviting
Applications for the Rural Business Development Grant Program To Provide
Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems AGENCY: Rural Business
-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This notice is to invite applications for grants to provide technical assistance
for rural transportation (RT) systems under the Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) program for fiscal year (FY) 2016. Funding shall be made available to
qualified national organizations to provide technical assistance for RT systems
and for RT systems to Federally Recognized Native American Tribes' (FRNAT)
(collectively ``Programs'') from funds appropriated for the RBDG program.

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) will administer these awards for FY
2016 under the RBDG program and the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
This notice is subject to the terms and funds for the Programs made available in
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113) (FY 2016
appropriation). All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in
developing their applications. DATES: Completed applications must be received in
the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than [[Page 14412]] 4:30 p.m.
(local time) on March 31, 2016. Applications received at a USDA Rural
Development State Office after this date will not be considered for FY 2016
funding. ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural
Development State Office for the State where the project is located. A list of
the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Cindy Mason and Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Specialty Programs Division,
Business Programs, Rural Business- Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington,
DC 20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400. For further information on this notice,
please contact the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State in which the
applicant's headquarters is located. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Business Development Grants. Announcement
Type: Initial Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number:
10.351. Dates: Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural
Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016,
to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Applications received after this date
will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. A. Program Description 1.
Purpose of the Program. The purpose of this program is to improve the economic
conditions of rural areas. 2. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 1932(c)). Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. The
program is administered on behalf of RBS at the State level by the USDA Rural
Development State Offices. Assistance provided to rural areas under the program
may include the provision of on-site technical assistance to local and regional
governments, public transit agencies, and related non-profit and for-profit
organizations in rural areas; the development of training materials; and the
provision of necessary training assistance to local officials and agencies in
rural areas. Awards under the RBDG passenger transportation program will be made
on a competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart E, and in accordance with section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Information required to be in the
application package includes Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance;'' RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental Information;'' Scope of
Work Narrative; Income Statement; Balance Sheet or Audit for previous 3 years;
AD-1047, ``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' AD-1048, ``Certification
Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion;''
AD-1049, ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' SF LLL,
``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities;'' RD 400- 1, ``Equal Opportunity
Agreement;'' RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement;'' and a letter stating Board
authorization to obtain assistance. For the FRNAT grant, which must benefit
FRNATs, at least 75 percent of the benefits of the project must be received by
members of FRNATs. The project that scores the greatest number of points based
on the RBDG selection criteria and the discretionary points will be selected for
each grant. Applicants must be qualified national non-profit organizations with
experience in providing technical assistance and training to rural communities
nationwide for the purpose of improving passenger transportation service or
facilities. To be considered ``national,'' RBS requires a qualified organization
to provide evidence that it operates RT assistance programming Nation-wide.
There is not a requirement to use the grant funds in a multi-State area. Grants
will be made to qualified national non-profit organizations for the provision of
technical assistance and training to rural communities for the purpose of
improving passenger transportation services or facilities. 3. Definition of
Terms. The definitions applicable to this notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.403. 4. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score
applications received in response to this notice based on the provisions in 7
CFR 4280, subpart E and as indicated in this notice. However, the Agency advises
all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this notice. B. Federal Award
Information Type of Award: Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016. Approximate
Number of Awards: To be determined based on qualified applications received.
Historically two awards have been made. Expected Amounts of Individual Awards
and Amount of Funding per Federal Award: $500,000 and $250,000 depending on the
number of applicants. Maximum Awards: A total of $500,000 will be awarded for
technical assistance for rural transportation systems and a maximum of $250,000
for FRNATs. Award Date: Prior to September 30, 2016. Performance Period: October
1, 2016, through September 30, 2017. Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None. C.
Eligibility Information 1. Eligible Applicants To be considered eligible, an
entity must be a qualified national non-profit organization serving rural areas
as evidenced in its organizational documents and demonstrated experience, per 7
CFR part 4280, subpart E. Grants will be competitively awarded to qualified
national non-profit organizations. The Agency requires the following information
to make an eligibility determination that an applicant is a national non-profit
organization. These applications must include, but are not limited to, the
following: (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance (For Non-construction);'' (b) Copies of applicant's organizational
documents showing the applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the
activities under the grant; (c) A proposed scope of work, including a
description of the proposed Project, details of the proposed activities to be
accomplished and timeframes for completion of each task, the number of months
duration of the Project, and the estimated time it will take from grant approval
to beginning of Project implementation; (d) A written narrative that includes,
at a minimum, the following items: (i) An explanation of why the Project is
needed, the benefits of the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the
grant eligible purposes; (ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental
unit, i.e., town, county, etc., to be affected by the Project; (iii) Description
of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development activities with other
Economic Development activities within the Project area; [[Page 14413]] (iv)
Businesses to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished; (v) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in
newly created, increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of
projected new and supported jobs within the next 3 years; (vi) A description of
the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in providing the proposed
Project assistance, including experience of key staff members and persons who
will be providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project;
(vii) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will
receive the service; (viii) A brief description of how the work will be
performed, including whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors
will be used; and (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in
making a grant award determination. (e) The latest 3 years of financial
information to show the applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed
work. If the applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information
should include all balance sheet(s), income statement(s) and cash flow
statement(s). A current audited report is required if available; (f)
Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be used in
conjunction with the funds from RBDG; (g) A budget which includes salaries,
fringe benefits, consultant costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct
costs for the Project. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Matching funds are not
required. 3. Other Applications will only be accepted from qualified national
non- profit organizations to provide technical assistance for RT. There are no
``responsiveness,'' or ``threshold'' eligibility criteria for these grants.
There is no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit under
this announcement. In addition to the forms listed under program description,
Form AD-3030 ``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants,'' must be completed in the affirmative. None of
the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a
contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a
grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any
unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware
of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension
or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further
action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. None of the
funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a
contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a
grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was
convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the
preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction,
unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 4. Completeness
Eligibility Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Application Package For further information, entities wishing to apply for
assistance should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in
the ADDRESSES section of this notice to obtain copies of the application
package. Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted
to a Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and
local time deadline. 2. Content and Form of Application Submission An
application must contain all of the required elements. Each application received
in a USDA Rural Development State Office will be reviewed to determine if it is
consistent with the eligible purposes contained in section 310B(c) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Each selection
priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.435 must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a USDA Rural Development State Office.
All projects to receive technical assistance through these passenger
transportation grant funds are to be identified when the applications are
submitted to the USDA Rural Development State Office. Multiple project
applications must identify each individual project, indicate the amount of
funding requested for each individual project, and address the criteria as
stated above for each individual project. For multiple-project applications, the
average of the individual project scores will be the score for that application.
The applicant documentation and forms needed for a complete application are
located in the Program Description section of this notice, and 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart E. (a) There are no specific formats, specific limitations on number of
pages, font size and type face, margins, paper size, number of copies, and the
sequence or assembly requirements. (b) The component pieces of this application
should contain original signatures on the original application. (c) Since these
grants are for technical assistance for transportation purposes, no additional
information requirements other than those described in this notice and 7 CFR
part 4280, subpart E are required. 3. Unique Entity identifier and System for
Award Management (SAM) All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
Each applicant (unless the applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency
that is excepted from the requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an
exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is
required to: (i) Be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) before
submitting its application; (ii) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
application; and (iii) continue to maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding [[Page 14414]]
agency. The Federal awarding agency may not make a Federal award to an applicant
until the applicant has complied with all applicable unique entity identifier
and SAM requirements and, if an applicant has not fully complied with the
requirements by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal
award, the Federal awarding agency may determine that the applicant is not
qualified to receive a Federal award and use that determination as a basis for
making a Federal award to another applicant. 4. Submission Dates and Times (a)
Application Deadline Date: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31,
2016. Explanation of Deadlines: Applications must be in the USDA Rural
Development State Office by the local deadline date and time as indicated above.
If the due date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application
is due the next business day. (b) The deadline date means that the completed
application package must be received in the USDA Rural Development State Office
by the deadline date established above. All application documents identified in
this notice are required. (c) If completed applications are not received by the
deadline established above, the application will neither be reviewed nor
considered under any circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the
application receipt date based on the actual date postmarked. (e) This notice is
for RT technical assistance grants only and therefore, intergovernmental reviews
are not required. (f) These grants are for RT technical assistance grants only,
no construction or equipment purchases are permitted. If the grantee has a
previously approved indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the
applicant may elect to charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR
200.414(f) or request a determination of its Indirect Cost Rate. Due to the time
required to evaluate Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all funds will be
awarded by the time the Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No foreign travel is
permitted. Pre- Federal award costs will only be permitted with prior written
approval by the Agency. (g) Applicants must submit applications in hard copy
format as previously indicated in the Application and Submission Information
section of this notice. If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its application,
the addresses for these deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES section of
this notice. (h) If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). E. Application Review
Information 1. Criteria All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated
and scored based on the selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR
4280.435 and will select grantees subject to the grantees' satisfactory
submission of the additional items required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E and
the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible, and the application will not be considered for funding.
The amount of an RT grant may be adjusted, at RBS's discretion, to enable RBS to
award RT grants to the applications with the highest priority scores in each
category. 2. Review and Selection Process The State Offices will review
applications to determine if they are eligible for assistance based on
requirements contained in 7 CFR 4280.416 and 4280.417. If determined eligible,
your application will be submitted to the National Office. Funding of projects
is subject to the applicant's satisfactory submission of the additional items
required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.
The Agency reserves the right to award additional discretionary points under 7
CFR 4280.435(k). In awarding discretionary points, the Agency scoring criteria
regularly assigns points to applications that direct loans or grants to projects
based in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20
percent. This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the
quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to
those who most need them. F. Federal Award Administration Information 1. Federal
Award Notices Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from
the USDA Rural Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all
applicable statutes and regulations before the grant award will be approved.
Unsuccessful applications will receive notification by mail. 2. Administrative
and National Policy Requirements Additional requirements that apply to grantees
selected for this program can be found in 7 CFR 4280.408, 4280.410, and
4280.439. Awards are subject to USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV which
incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR
part 200. All successful applicants will be notified by letter, which will
include a letter of conditions, and a letter of intent to meet the conditions.
This letter is not an authorization to begin performance. If the applicant
wishes to consider beginning performance prior to the grant being officially
closed, all pre-award costs must be approved in writing and in advance by the
Agency. The grant will be considered officially awarded when all conditions in
the letter of conditions have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for
the project. Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this
program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E; the Grants and Agreements
regulations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1
to 400.18, and successor regulations to these parts. In addition, all recipients
of Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will
be required to have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.
109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements can be found at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants. The
following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this program:
(a) Form RD 4280-2 ``Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance
Agreement.'' (b) Letter of Conditions. (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for
Obligation of Funds.'' (d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet
Conditions.'' (e) Form AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension,
and Other Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions.'' (f) Form
AD-1048, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and
Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions.'' (g) Form AD-1049,
``Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (Grants).'' [[Page
14415]] (h) Form AD-3030, ``Representation Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Must be signed by corporate
applicants who receive an award under this notice. (i) Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement.'' (j) SF LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if
applicable. (k) use Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.'' 3.
Reporting (a) A Financial Status Report and a project performance activity
report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds
are expended and yearly thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal
year. The grantee will cause the project to be completed within the total sums
available to it in accordance with the Scope of Work and any necessary
modifications thereof prepared by the grantee and approved by the Agency. A
final project performance report will be required with the final Financial
Status Report. The final report may serve as the last quarterly report. The
final report must provide complete information regarding the jobs created and
supported as a result of the grant if applicable. Grantees must continuously
monitor performance to ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work
by time periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are
being achieved. Grantees must submit an original of each report to the Agency no
later than 30 days after the end of the quarter. The project performance reports
must include, but not be limited to, the following: (1) A comparison of actual
accomplishments to the objectives established for that period; (2) Problems,
delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have affected or will affect
attainment of overall project objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or
objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular project work elements
during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied by a
statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation; (3)
Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period; (4) Any
special reporting requirements, such as jobs supported and created, businesses
assisted, or economic development which results in improvements in median
household incomes, and any other specific requirements, should be placed in the
reporting section in the Letter of Conditions; and (5) Within 90 days after the
conclusion of the project, the grantee will provide a final project evaluation
report. The last quarterly payment will be withheld until the final report is
received and approved by the Agency. Even though the grantee may request
reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3 months of reimbursements will be
withheld until a final project, project performance, and financial status report
are received and approved by the Agency. G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s)
For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this notice. H.
Other Information Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork
Reduction Act, the paperwork burden has been cleared by OMB. Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR
part 25, must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866)705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. I. Nondiscrimination The U.S.
Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment, or in
any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) If
you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632- 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or
program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to
file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact us by
mail directly or by email. Dated: March 9, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-06036 Filed
3-16-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

USDA grants help ASU Community Partnerships support disadvantaged farmers &
ranchers

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Alamosa: Adams State College has issued the following news release:



  Adams State University Community Partnerships recently received its third USDA
(U.S. Department of Agriculture) grant this year to aid disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers. The latest grant, of $127,000, will support outreach and advocacy
over the next year, according to Mary Hoffman, executive director of Community
Partnerships.





 "The USDA recognizes the value of Community Partnerships' connections with the
community and university in supporting its goals," Hoffman explained. "The
mission of both Adams State and Community Partnerships is to ultimately raise
the standard of living in the San Luis Valley, a goal the USDA shares."



 Community Partnerships' other current USDA grants are $75,000 from the USDA
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity program and $37,000 for Focused
Business Support.

 Connecting with Resources



 "Our new Outreach & Advocacy grant will help us reach disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers, including military veterans, and connect them with local and statewide
resources that can assist them," Hoffman added.



 Community Partnerships will form an advisory group and conduct the following
activities toward that end:



     Assist disadvantaged farmers and ranchers in completing USDA loan and grant
applications related to farm ownership and improvements.

     Organize and facilitate a mentoring program to help disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers build relationships with USDA programs and officials.

     Conduct and host workshops that present innovative, agriculture-related
conservation practices to disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.



 Targeting rural poverty



 USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack noted the StrikeForce grants demonstrates the "USDA
is focused not just on places where there has been prosperity recently in rural
areas, but also on trying to address the challenge of persistent rural poverty."




 Community Partnerships' goal for the StrikeForce grant over the next year is to
facilitate the writing and the submission of ten eligible grant proposals to
support rural economic development from USDA Colorado Strikeforce areas to USDA.




 "Our objective is to identify potential projects, inform more people about USDA
grant opportunities, and educate more grant writers regarding how to develop
USDA proposals," Hoffman said.



 Under this program, proposals may be submitted to such USDA grant programs as
REAP (Rural Energy for America Program), the Value Added Grant, and the Rural
Business Opportunity Grant.



 This endeavor dovetails with another project, recently funded by $15,000 from
the Xcel Energy Foundation, to assist San Luis Valley businesses, farmers, and
ranchers in reducing costs through energy conservation and renewable energy
application.



 "Such corporate and private funding is always good for leveraging federal
grants," Hoffman noted. For example, Xcel's renewable energy incentives could
support a proposal to REAP, which would pay 25 percent of a renewable energy
project (solar, biomass, geothermal).



 Through the Focused Business Support grant, Community Partnerships is working
with two high-risk local businesses. Community Partnerships provides cash flow
analyses, marketing support, connections with resources, and recommendations to
help them become more stable.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com









LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            September 6, 2010 Monday

NEBRASKA AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 185 words


HOMICIDE VICTIM FOUND IN SHOT-UP CAR

OMAHA - Police are investigating a fatal shooting of a 25-year-old man in south
Omaha.

Police Lt. Darci Tierney says officers responding to a call shortly after
midnight Sunday found a parked Buick with bullet holes. Andrew Lineberry had
been struck and was taken to a hospital with life-threatening injuries. He died
at the hospital.

THREE PROGRAMS TO SHARE IN GRANTS

Three Nebraska programs will receive more than $250,000 in federal grants to
boost the economy in rural areas and help support nearly 100 jobs.

The USDA Rural Development grants are going to the Center for Rural Affairs, the
village of Cody and the Mc-Cook Economic Development Corp.

The Center for Rural Affairs will use its $99,000 to help pay for its Nebraska
Marketplace workshop for small businesses and entrepreneurs.

Cody will receive a $95,000 grant to build a 3,000-square-foot straw building
that will house a grocery store and entrepreneur training center.

The McCook group will receive $56,000 to provide technical help to small
businesses in southwest Nebraska and northwest Kansas.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Ranch to rope rays for solar power

BYLINE: By Christine Steele csteele@scsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


WHITE SIGNAL AREA - A new solar project on the Bar VK Ranch, south of Silver
City, will save rancher Gerald "Billy" Billings, $130 a month, plus gives him an
additional $130 a month for the electricity it produces.

With the help of funding from USDA Rural Development, Billings had a 42-panel
solar panel array built that produces enough electricity to run a submersible
pump that supplies water to roughly 18 stock tanks to help water his 200 head of
cattle, plus the deer and antelope that wander across the ranch, and helps
irrigate trees on the ranch.

The project cost $60,522, but Bar VK received a $15,130 grant from the Rural
Energy for America Program to help offset the cost, plus Billings said he
received a 30 percent grant from the IRS, and will receive an additional 10
percent tax credit from the state.

Add that to the rebates Billings gets from PNM by selling back extra power to
them, and the project is expected to pay for itself in five years.

"It still sounds too good to be true," Billings said Friday.

USDA Rural Development Director Terry Brunner visited Billings on his ranch
Friday, and presented him with a certificate of congratulations for completing
the project and using the rural business cooperative funding through the Rural
Energy for America Program.

The funding helps farmers, ranchers and small businesses in rural America with
loan and grant financial support to install renewable energy systems and to make
energy efficiency improvements. Projects don't have to be solar-based, either,
Brunner said.

Melanie Goodman, representative from U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman's office, also
attended and read a statement from Sen. Bingaman.

The Bar VK Ranch solar power system is one of more than 900 projects across the
country that have been funded by USDA to help reduce energy costs and develop
new sources of renewable energy.

"In the last year we've seen more businesses access the REAP because the
financing helps build competitive and sustainable rural communities by allowing
the rural business owner to take advantage of using alternative energy as a way
to cut costs," Brunner said.

Brunner said the program has funded about a dozen agricultural operations in the
past year, and about two dozen over the past three years.

Projects have varied from helping an agricultural operator in Las Vegas, N.M.
convert a diesel motor to electric, to a 1,200-panel solar project on a pecan
farm in Roswell.

"For agricultural operations, it helps decrease their costs and insulates them
from the volatility of the energy and commodities markets and helps them become
more sustainable operations," Brunner said.

Billings said he learned about the solar-run pumps from a guy in Safford, Ariz,
who has sun pumps. He applied for the funding last April and the project was
completed in November.

"It's a pretty big capital investment up front, but with the grants and tax
credits it comes back to you pretty quick," he said.

For those rural businesses, ranching and farming operations interested in
accessing information on the REAP program, visit USDA's new energy website at:
www.usda.gov/energy or call the Rural Development State Office in Albuquerque at
(505) 761-4952.

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893 ext. 5802.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: USDA Rural Development Director Terry Brunner poses with rancher Gerald
"Billy" Billings, next Billing's new 42-panel solar array, completed with the
help of a $15,130 grant from USDA's Rural Energy for America Program. With them
are Kathy Barrett, loan specialist for USDA Rural Development, and Melanie
Goodman, from U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman's office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 12, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

OKLAHOMA ;
Group given funds to build Web site

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; TECH BYTES; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 391 words



Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma, Inc. has been awarded a Rural Business
Opportunity Grant of $36,749 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development agency to develop and implement a Small Business On-Line Trade Show
for current business incubator tenants and program graduates, officials said.

The announcement was made by Brent Kisling, USDA Rural Development state
director.

Rural Enterprises manages business incubator space in 10 Oklahoma communities.
Business incubators are spaces designed to help startup or expanding companies
during the crucial first phases of business development.

The On-Line Trade Show project will help to connect Rural Enterprises' small
business incubator tenants and graduates to the global marketplace by launching
a Web page to cooperatively market the products and services of the businesses.

OU professor cited for achievements

Dr. John Mulvihill, a University of Oklahoma professor, recently has been named
to three leadership posts and been honored by his alma mater for career
achievement.

Mulvihill was named to the Human Genome Organization's Ethics Committee, the
Radiations Effects Research Foundation and also elected to serve on the
executive committee of the Environmental Mutagen Society. He also was recently
honored with the Sanctae Crucis Award for distinguished alumni from the College
of the Holy Cross, where he received his undergraduate degree.

Mulvihill is a pediatrician and medical geneticist with 20 years experience at
the National Cancer Institute and other universities.

Sykes cited for role with disabled workers

Call center operator Sykes Enterprises Inc. has been named recipient of a 2006
Governor's Disability Employment Awards of Excellence by Gov. Brad Henry.

Sykes, which operates a call center in Ponca City, was nominated by the Oklahoma
Department of Human Services.

Sykes was recognized for including people with disabilities in their recruitment
efforts and for working with these individuals and their case workers to
determine any needs they might have to perform their jobs effectively.  .

Video posted online of Chris Paul's life

A video that showcases Hornets star Chris Paul has been posted to the Web site
www.seehowtheylive.com, which is a collection of videos of sports stars produced
by AT&T Inc.

The Paul video was shot at his Edmond home in November.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday

Business Digest

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 377 words


Donation

Macy's chandelier to benefit Rape Recovery Center

Macy's has donated 150 pieces of its dismantled glass chandelier from its
downtown Salt Lake City store to the Rape Recovery Center to be sold at its "An
Evening with the Arts" event tonight.

Pieces of the chandelier, which was built in 1975, will be sold for $10, $20 and
$30, with the proceeds going to the Rape Recovery Center.

The event will be from 6:30 to 9 p.m. at Westminster College, 1840 S. 1300 East,
Salt Lake City. For more information, contact Heather Stringfellow at
801-467-7282 or h.stringfellow@raperecoverycenter.org.

-Brianna Lange

Agriculture

Grants available for helping rural economic growth

Agriculture Under Secretary Thomas Dorr has announced the availability of $3.5
million in grants to fund centers for cooperative development designed to
improve economic conditions in rural areas.

Grants of up to $200,000 are available to non-profit organizations and
institutions of higher learning for the startup, expansion or operation of
cooperative businesses. Recipients are required to provide matching funds equal
to at least 25 percent of the grant award.

"These funds will help small business owners, farmers and ranchers across the
nation by providing them with technical assistance," Dorr said. "Cooperative
development centers are at the forefront of helping create business
opportunities to strengthen rural economies."

The deadline for applications is June 8.

An application guide and other materials may be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/rcdg/rcdg.htm or by calling Richard Carrig,
USDA Rural Development Business Program director in Utah at 801-524-4328.

- Dawn House

Public service

Garbage trucks to tout anti-underage drinking message

A new message against underage drinking will be appearing on Salt Lake City and
County garbage trucks. Although the final advertising design isn't completed
yet, the message will tell parents that alcohol can trash their children's
future or it can trash their teen's brains.

The state's alcohol education director, Doug Murakami, told the Alcoholic
Beverage Control Commission that about 55 garbage trucks will sport the message
on their side panels. Cost for both sides of a truck is about $500 for the
advertising wrap.

- Dawn House

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Grants up for grabs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 145 words


RURAL businesses in the Kirklees area have been urged to seek grant funding to
help their operations grow. The Rural Economy Grant Scheme, worth up to pounds
60m in total, will be launched from the end of this month - offering grants of
up to pounds 1m for micro-businesses and small and medium-sized enterprises in
areas such as farming, forestry, tourism, renewable energy and food.

The grant is being introduced under the Rural Development Program for England
and adds to the Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FISS) launched last
November. Robert Hall, of property agent Savills, said: "The Rural Economy Grant
Scheme and FFIS offer a golden opportunity to get new ideas off the ground for
farming and other rural business."

Savills has been successful in working with rural clients to access funding
under previous schemes - achieving an 85%-plus success rate.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Belen pecan farm goes solar

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
was in Belen, New Mexico last week to dedicate a solar power system which is
providing electricity to run the Burris Pecan Farm.

The Four Daughters Land and Cattle Company which owns the farm was awarded a
$107,100 Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grant administered by Rural
Development's business program. The grant was used to offset the cost of the
construction of the $428,402 solar power system.

During the dedication ceremony Brunner said, "I commend the Four Daughters Land
and Cattle for accessing our alternative energy program." Brunner added, "Our
financing will help this growing business with their bottom line by reducing
their energy costs."

The funding was made through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which
helps farmers, ranchers and small businesses in rural America with loan and
grant financial opportunities to build renewable energy systems and to make
energy efficiency improvements.

The 564 panel solar system is now providing the electricity needed to power the
pumps to irrigate the pecan farm, making the farm more profitable and
competitive.

For those rural businesses, ranching and farming operations interested in
accessing information on the REAP program visit USDA's new energy website at:
www.usda.gov/energy or call the Rural Development State Office in Albuquerque at
505-761-4952.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner presented a
certificate of congratulations upon the completion of construction of 564 solar
panels used for irrigating a pecan farm in Belen, NM owned by the Four Daughters
Land and Cattle Company. From left are; owners Mike Mechenbier, Kathy
Mechenbier, Emily Mechenbier, State Director Brunner and Harvey Crowley Four
Daughters Land and Cattle Company controller.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            February 20, 2012 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

Grant aid for rural businesses

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 141 words


RURAL businesses in the Huddersfield area have been urged to seek grant funding
to help their operations grow.

The Rural Economy Grant Scheme, which is worth up to pounds 60m in total, will
be launched at the end of this month.

It offers grants of up to pounds 1m for small and medium-sized enterprises in
areas such as farming, forestry, tourism, renewable energy and food.

The grant is being introduced under the Rural Development Programme for England
and adds to the Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FISS) launched last
November.

It aims to encourage rural employment and help businesses such as farms to
diversify into related areas.

Robert Hall, of property agent Savills in Yorkshire, said: "The Rural Economy
Grant Scheme and FFIS offer a golden opportunity to get new ideas off the ground
for farming and other rural business."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            December 6, 1991, Friday

Arts play role in push to revitalize Georgia's rural communities

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITERarts; neighborhoods; facilities; public;
business; industry

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION F; PAGE 06

LENGTH: 609 words


Tifton, Ga. - Shakespeare may have had a hand in attracting the Miller Brewing
Co. to the small town of Moultrie in rural Colquitt County a few years ago, said
Syd Blackmarr, director of the Arts Experiment Station at Abraham Baldwin
Agricultural College here.

At a statewide conference Thursday aimed at helping rural communities revitalize
themselves, Ms. Blackmarr said Colquitt is one of five South Georgia counties
involved in the state's only rural arts alliance, which offers performances of
the Bard's work along with other cultural events such as festivals, concerts and
art exhibits.

"I believe the arts were a player in Miller's decision to locate in Moultrie,"
she said, echoing a widely held belief among community leaders here that a
community's cultural offerings are a drawing card for new business and industry.
Ms. Blackmarr's was one of several success stories told at the "Renewing Rural
Georgia" conference, which drew about 100 participants from the state's smaller
towns and counties to the Rural Development Center here on Thursday and Friday.;
Kellogg grant helped effort

The conference marked the culmination of a 3 1/2-year effort by the University
of Georgia to provide educational programs to 12 rural counties with a $ 1.3
million grant from the Kellogg Foundation.

The keynote speaker was state Sen. Jack Hill (D-Reidsville), who chairs the
Senate's rural policy study committee, a group that conducted a series of public
hearings this fall on the issue of economic development for rural Georgia.

Mr. Hill said the state's rural areas are in deep trouble.

"If we don't do some things as a state to support, nourish and help these areas
. . . we will have entire regions of our state that will not survive," he said,
noting that the 1990 census showed that about 40 of Georgia's smaller counties
lost population during the past decade.

Mr. Hill said Georgia may need to establish a statewide economic development
group aimed at reversing rural decline.

"There is not now a process to keep rural issues in front of state leaders," he
said.

In addition, Mr. Hill recommended decentralizing state government out of
Atlanta; locating the city's proposed new airport "90 miles south of Atlanta"
where it would have economic importance for the entire state; and improving
rural educational and health care programs.

"It should be the policy of the state to address rural issues on an ongoing
basis and let rural areas share in the prosperity," he said.; Just more
knowledgeable'

Among programs funded with the Kellogg grant was a leadership program in
McDuffie County designed to expand leadership in the black community, said Donna
Taylor, a leadership development associate at the University of Georgia's
Fanning Leadership Center.  Michael Evans, a Thomson banker who served as
coordinator of the McDuffie program, characterized it as a success.

"We haven't landed any new industry because of Leadership McDuffie yet, but
we're just more knowledgeable as a community, and we feel it will eventually
roll over into new industry," he said.

Jamie Burnett, a program participant, said he thinks it is likely that county
voters will elect a black leader next year to the three- member, currently
all-white commission as a result of the leadership program.

"We can already see an increase in the participation of the black community in a
variety of community affairs," said Mr. Burnett, who is black.

The 12 counties participating in the Kellogg grant were Atkinson, Clinch, Early,
Greene, Hancock, Irwin, Lanier, McDuffie, Miller, Mitchell, Pulaski and
Taliaferro.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday

Rural agency offering grants and loans

LENGTH: 175 words


The Utah Rural Development agency announced that grants and guaranteed loans are
available to help rural businesses or agricultural producers produce renewable
energy or make energy-saving improvements to their facilities or farms.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Program was
created as part of the 2002 Farm Bill to help farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses develop renewable energy systems and increase efficiency.

Grants can be used to cover up to 25 percent of a project's cost and can be
combined with the guaranteed loan program to further lower the cost of a variety
of energy projects.

Grant-only applications may be submitted at any time, the agency said, but the
2007 deadline is May 18. Applications for guaranteed loans and a combination
grant and guaranteed loan also may be submitted at any time but must be received
by July 2 to be considered for 2007 funding.

For more information, applications, forms and other tools regarding the energy
program, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/farmbill/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Effingham Daily News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Grant will help job fund

BYLINE: Bill Grimes, Effingham Daily News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Aug. 27--EFFINGHAM --     With the receipt of a $99,000 federal grant, Effingham
County officials hope to use a revolving loan fund to stimulate job creation and
retention.

County Board member David Campbell, chairman of the county's Economic
Development Committee, said the county received word early last week that it
would receive a grant from the Rural Development arm of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. Campbell added that the $99,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant
would be used as seed money for the loan fund.

"We're going to try to use the money all over the county," Campbell said.

The actual grant money will be held by Rural Development for the time being,
Campbell said.

"We get funding as we have a need for it," he said. "Once we've used the entire
amount, it becomes our money."

Revolving loan funds have long been hailed as useful economic development tools.
In such a fund, the entity in charge of the fund considers loan applications
from businesspeople who pledge to create or retain a certain number of jobs
relative to the size of the loan. Once the initial loan is repaid, the entity
can then loan the money to another business.

Campbell said the parameters of the fund are still being developed. But he did
say the fund would likely loan a business $15,000 per full-time equivalent job
created or retained. Moreover, he added, loan guidelines would be less exacting
than those of a private lending institution.

"We don't want to be as stringent as most lending institutions," he said. "We
want to provide bridge loans for people making an equipment purchase or
introducing a new product."

Campbell said the county has to use the initial $99,000 within three years.

"We don't think that will be a problem," he said.

Campbell said his committee has worked hard on developing a revolving loan
concept acceptable to Rural Development. Committee members include County Board
members Campbell, Jim Niemann and Jeff Simpson, Altamont Mayor Larry Taylor, and
community members Ed Hoopingarner and Jane Reinheimer.

___ (c)2012 the Effingham Daily News (Effingham, Ill.) Visit the Effingham Daily
News (Effingham, Ill.) at www.effinghamdailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120827-EF-Grant-will-help-job-fund-0827-20120827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EF


                      Copyright 2012 Effingham Daily News


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2012 Sunday

USDA awards $200K RCDI Grant to the FAO

BYLINE: Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 594 words


Aug. 12--NELSONVILLE -- Agriculture Deputy Under Secretary for Rural Development
Doug O'Brien announced today that the Foundation for Appalachian Ohio (FAO)
would receive funding through the USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative
(RCDI) Program. At FAO's offices in Nelsonville on the Public Square, FAO was
awarded a $200,000 grant to provide technical assistance to nine Appalachian
communities located in Gallia, Guernsey, Harrison, Jackson, Meigs and Morgan
counties.

"We are so excited for the opportunities these resources will create in
Appalachian Ohio," said Cara Dingus Brook, president and CEO of the Foundation
for Appalachian Ohio. "One of the Foundation's primary goals is to ensure every
community in Appalachian Ohio is served by a locally-directed community
foundation. These resources are a huge boost to seeing that goal accomplished
and to our ability to serve the region in this way."

FAO's grant will support the community foundation in working in Appalachian Ohio
counties without a local source of community philanthropy in addition to
supporting the Foundation's larger work to create sustainable, widely-shared
prosperity for the region. By providing technical assistance and training, FAO
will be working with local communities and their community foundation funds to
grow or establish funds to support local community and economic development
projects.

"A strong rural America will bring increased economic opportunity to rural
residents and communities," O'Brien said. "The RCDI Program is designed to
support organizations like the Foundation for Appalachian Ohio in their efforts
to create economic opportunity and strengthen rural Ohio communities."

The funding announced today is being provided through the Rural Community
Development Initiative Program. RCDI helps community-based development
organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes, and other groups promote
economic growth in low-income, rural communities. The grants are awarded to
public or nonprofit intermediary organizations who then work with recipients,
which must be located in eligible rural areas. Recipients are required to obtain
matching funds, which increase the value of the grants.

"With matching funds from our partner the Appalachian Partnership for Economic
Growth, FAO is able to maximize this development opportunity for our communities
and our region," added Brook. "We look forward to working with all of our
community foundation funds as part of this effort."

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $170 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers, and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

The Foundation for Appalachian Ohio is a regional community foundation serving
the 32 counties of Appalachian Ohio with the mission of enriching the region's
current and future quality of life. A 501(c)(3) public charity, the Foundation
attracts contributions for programs and endowment, makes grants for charitable
and civic purposes, and supports local efforts for positive change. For more
information about FAO, visit www.appalachianohio.org.

___ (c)2012 the Gallipolis Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) Visit the Gallipolis
Daily Tribune (Gallipolis, Ohio) at www.mydailytribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120812-YQ-USDA-awards-200K-RCDI-Grant-to-the-FAO-0812-20120812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                 Copyright 2012 Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two
Territories Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

LENGTH: 957  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects. Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.

With today's announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million
in energy projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains
focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"As part of the Obama Administration's 'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA
continues to work with America's farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help
them save energy and improve their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and
others like it would not be available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and
again I urge members of Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington
next month."

REAP helps producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For
example:

The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system.
    Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded a $15,624 grant to make
lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four poultry houses.
    Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a $16,250 grant to
upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity from the farm's
waste stream.

Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture producers in 41 other states,
the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will also receive
funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in Stagecoach, Nev., will use a
$12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic system to provide power for
its farm and nursery. This project is expected to generate 13,000 kW of energy
annually.

Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a
$20,000 grant to install a 23 kW photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of
the farm's energy consumption.

Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide.

Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to 19 agricultural
producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies for renewable
energy systems. For example:

The Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive
a $6,739 grant to assess the feasibility of installing a small hydropower
generating plant at the Taylor Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate
4 megawatts of power.
    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a
$23,759 grant to determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt
gasification system to create electricity out of waste biomass.
    Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo., was selected to receive a $25,000
grant to help fund a feasibility study on building a 99 megawatt wind farm near
Lake Andes, S.D.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility
studies.

REAP offers financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements. These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for
businesses. REAP also helps the conservation of natural resources and the
development of new forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil
fuels and creates a stronger rural economy.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program grants and
loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.


For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two
Territories Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency
Secretary Says Future Support Depends on Congressional Action on a New Food,
Farm and Jobs Bill

LENGTH: 955  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects. Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.

With today's announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million
in energy projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains
focused on strengthening the rural economy.

"As part of the Obama Administration's 'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA
continues to work with America's farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help
them save energy and improve their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and
others like it would not be available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and
again I urge members of Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington
next month."

REAP helps producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For
example:

The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system.
    Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded a $15,624 grant to make
lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four poultry houses.
    Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a $16,250 grant to
upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity from the farm's
waste stream.

Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture producers in 41 other states,
the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will also receive
funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in Stagecoach, Nev., will use a
$12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic system to provide power for
its farm and nursery. This project is expected to generate 13,000 kW of energy
annually.

Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a
$20,000 grant to install a 23 kW photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of
the farm's energy consumption.

Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide.

Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to 19 agricultural
producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies for renewable
energy systems. For example:

The Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive
a $6,739 grant to assess the feasibility of installing a small hydropower
generating plant at the Taylor Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate
4 megawatts of power.
    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a
$23,759 grant to determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt
gasification system to create electricity out of waste biomass.
    Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo., was selected to receive a $25,000
grant to help fund a feasibility study on building a 99 megawatt wind farm near
Lake Andes, S.D.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility
studies.

REAP offers financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses
to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements. These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for
businesses. REAP also helps the conservation of natural resources and the
development of new forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil
fuels and creates a stronger rural economy.

View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America Program grants and
loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                January 19, 2012

Fresh chance to seek grants for farm and forest

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 330  words


The deadline for the first round of a new series of grants for farm and forestry
work in North Devon passed on Tuesday but applications can be made for the next
round.

Officials at the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) are offering
farmers and landowners in North Devon up to £25,000 in individual grants for
work in management and welfare.

The  small capital grants are open to farmers, foresters, horticultural
businesses and contractors.

Rural property agent, Graeme Biffen of Stags, said that help was available to
make applications through the Farm Resource Efficiency review (R4F) and Rural
Focus (formerly Business Link).

The scheme covers five categories:

Nutrient Management - improving the use of farm manures.

Energy Efficiency - helping reduce or recover energy on the farm, using heat
exchangers for instance.

Water Resource Management - systems to reduce reliance on mains water, like
rainwater harvesting equipment.

Animal Health and Welfare - for example foot trimming crushes.

Forestry projects improving processing and adding value, such as timber
processors and tractor mounted grabs.

Mr Biffen said: "The new scheme is being delivered through the Rural Development
Programme for England (RDPE), and has been designed to help make businesses more
profitable and resilient, as well as reduce the impact that farming can have on
the environment."

A total of £20 million of capital grants will be available under the scheme
until December 2013, with a maximum grant per business of £25,000, at a grant
rate of up to 40 per cent in non-upland areas and up to 50 per cent in upland
areas.

Mr Biffen added: "Not all applications will be accepted, and therefore the Farm
Resource Efficiency review (R4F) scheme available for free through Rural Focus
(formerly Business Link) can provide invaluable assistance for those wishing to
apply for any of the eligible resource saving measures, as well as identifying
ways that businesses can   reduce energy and water   usage."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2012 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 14, 2005

Changes planned to scheme helping farmers diversify

BYLINE: Joe Watson

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 421 words


The grant scheme that has helped more than 600 farmers diversify their
operations is to be extended to cover buildings and technology.  The Scottish
Parliament's environment and rural development committee will on Wednesday be
asked to approve changes to the Farm Business Diversification Scheme (FBDS)
which will also allow grant funding to increase to a maximum of £30,000 from
£25,000.

The changes would give Scotland's lowland farmers access to almost the same
funding as those in the Highlands and Islands where the Agricultural Business
Development Scheme operates.

NFU Scotland has been lobbying hard for the change.

President John Kinnaird said: "In the review of FBDS, we argued that its remit
should be extended to support the development of existing agricultural
businesses.

"With the sweeping changes to the Common Agricultural Policy facing farmers from
this year, the need to improve farm efficiency and profitability is more acute
than ever.

"FBDS can now provide a helping hand with this thanks to these proposed changes.
It is right that this sort of money should not solely be used to encourage
businesses to diversify away from farming.

"The Highlands and Islands equivalent scheme has delivered clear results.  The
farm businesses that have used the scheme are delivering knock-on benefits for
the whole rural economy.

"It is good news that these benefits can now be rolled out across the rest of
Scotland." Since August 2001 just under £11million in FBDS grant assistance has
been awarded to more than 630 farmers. That has generated £56.8million of inward
investment in new and expanded diversified businesses in rural areas. If
parliament gives approvals, the changes would be implemented from June 1.

They will allow lowland farmers to invest in capital projects on their farms
such as new or improved waste management facilities, livestock accommodation,
infrastructure and new technology.

The moves comes in the wake of discussions with farming organisations.

The ABDS has a maximum grant of £40,000. Both the ABDS and FBDS will close to
new applications at the end of next year, although funding is available for a
further two years to allow approved projects to be finalised.

The executive wholly funds the FBDS, while the European Commission part-funds
ABDS.

The executive said £26.9million in funding is available over the next two years.

There were no plans to ring-fence allocations, but this could be reviewed, the
executive said.


LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                               September 19, 1998

Take your share of treasure firms told

SECTION: News, Pg.5

LENGTH: 212 words


SMALL businesses in rural Mendip are being asked to help themselves from a new
"treasure chest".

Traders planning to spend up to 1,000 on new equipment or marketing may now be
eligible for a Business Chest grant of up to 500, as long as it is matched with
funds of their own.

The new grants are available from the Rural Somerset Business Chest scheme
funded by a number of organisations including Mendip district council, Rural
Development Commission, Single Regeneration Budget Challenge Fund and the
Somerset Training and Enterprise Council.

The scheme is aimed at businesses employing five people or less, based outside
the larger towns of the county. Start-up businesses or existing businesses with
less than five years' trading can apply as long as they demonstrate a need for
assistance. Grants cannot be made retrospectively.

Councillor Bob Ashford, chairman of Mendip's economic development committee
said: "We are constantly looking for ways to help our small businesses survive
and thrive in Mendip.

"This is another plank to keep them afloat in the hectic and challenging
business environment today. Any traders who wish to discuss our range of grant
assistance should ring the economic development section at the council offices."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

REAP grant applications for projects curbing energy use are due May 2

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


April 10--TOPEKA -- USDA Rural Development state director Patty Clark said USDA
is awarding seven grants to help Kansas rural small businesses and agricultural
producers reduce energy use and costs. Funding will aid energy efficiency
improvements and/or renewable energy systems.

Funding for the grants is through USDA Rural Development's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). USDA reminds eligible applicants that funding is
available for grant requests less than $20,000, and priority scoring may be
offered for projects in underserved areas and/or benefiting underserved
populations. REAP grant applications are accepted year-round, but the deadline
for the upcoming grant funding cycle is May 2.

"In the past five years, USDA's REAP program has assisted more than 90 small
business owners and agricultural producers in Kansas, ranging from dairy farmers
to main-street businesses, to either save energy or create it," said Clark.

Kansas small businesses and agricultural producers that received grants totaling
$45,604 include:

Small business REAP grants:

--Niece Products of Kansas Inc., Fort Scott; $7,272 REAP grant

Funds will help replace diesel-powered heaters with more efficient
natural-gas-powered heaters at the manufacturing facility.

--Smith Monuments Inc., Stockton; $4,074 REAP grant

Funds will help replace existing windows, doors and a gas furnace, as well as
add wall insulation.

Agricultural producer REAP grants:

--Donald O. and Arthena H. Brubaker Trust, Sawyer; $7,188 REAP grant

Funds will help make irrigation-well improvements including conversion of a
diesel engine to an electric motor, modified pumping plant and variable
frequency drive.

--Franz Farms LLC, Buhler; $7,994 REAP grant

Funds will be used to make irrigation well improvements including conversion of
a diesel engine to an electric motor, pump improvements and variable frequency
drive.

--Jason Wiebe, Durham; $2,771 REAP grant

Funds will help replace lighting in a free-stall dairy barn with LED light
fixtures.

--John and Roberta Ney, Dodge City; $7,812 REAP grant

Funds will help make irrigation well improvements including new submersible
pumps and variable frequency drive.

--Norman and Pearl Ensz Family Trust, Inman; $8,493 REAP grant

Funds will help make irrigation well improvements including conversion of a
diesel engine to an electric motor, pump improvements and variable frequency
drive.

The REAP program offers grants and loan guarantees to eligible applicants. USDA
offers grants for up to 25 percent of a project's eligible costs and loan
guarantees for up to 75 percent of eligible project costs for energy efficiency
improvements or renewable energy systems.

Energy efficiency projects that help reduce the business or farm's energy use
may apply for a REAP grant. Funding can be used for energy replacement or energy
generated and can include projects such as solar panels, geothermal heating and
cooling, biomass facilities and wind turbines.

More details on the REAP program and application forms are available at the
agency's website, www.rd.usda.gov/ks. Also, for more details on how to apply for
REAP financing in Kansas, contact one of the specialists below:

--Doug Bruggeman, Hays area office: (785) 628-3081, ext. 435;
doug.bruggeman@ks.usda.gov

--Katie Casper, Iola area office: (620) 365-2901, ext. 427;
katie.casper@ks.usda.gov

--Travis Snider, Newton area office: (316) 283-0370, ext. 439;
travis.snider@ks.usda.gov

--David Kramer, Topeka state office: (785) 271-2736; david.kramer@ks.usda.gov

___ (c)2016 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160410-VZ-REAP-grant
-applications-for-projects-curbing-energy-use-are-due-May-2-0410-20160410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Hutchinson News


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               February 27, 2002

FARM VIRUS GBP 1m PAYOUT

BYLINE: Houghton Stephen (Sentinel)

SECTION: BUSINESS; OTHERS; General; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 243 words


FARM VIRUS GBP 1m PAYOUT BY stephen houghton business editor MORE than 100 rural
businesses in Staffordshire have received grants averaging almost GBP 10,000 to
help them recover from the foot and mouth crisis.

News of the GBP 1 million payouts was announced today after fears of a fresh
outbreak of the epidemic in North Yorkshire proved unfounded.

Figures showed 104 businesses in the county received the cash as part of the
Rural Business Recovery Scheme, which was launched in June last year.

The money was paid out to a wide range of enterprises which could prove they had
suffered a 50 per cent reduction in income between March and April compared to
the same period the previous year.

Business Link Staffordshire, which administered the programme on behalf of
Advantage West Midlands, confirmed 124 companies applied for aid, with the
successful businesses each receiving an average of GBP 9,630.

Operations manager Paddy George said: "Hundreds of small rural businesses in
Staffordshire were badly affected by the foot and mouth crisis and we are
delighted that the majority of applications were approved.

"The resulting grants helped businesses to look forward and take positive steps
to assist their long-term recovery." Business Link confirmed the type of
enterprises which received payments over the eight-month period differed
greatly.

A spokesman said: "They ranged from a rosette manufacturer and people that make
signs,

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

NICC Foundation receives $44,000 federal grant

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 159 words


The Northeast Iowa Community College Foundation received a $44,000 Rural
Business Enterprise Grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture and its
Rural Development division to support a technical assistance outreach program
for small business in eight northeast Iowa counties: Allamakee, Clayton,
Chickasaw, Fayette, Delaware, Howard, Winneshiek and Dubuque.

Personnel from several educational and workforce development agencies are
administering the grant funds as part of a new Northeast Iowa Advocates for
Small Businesses program that focuses on job creation in rural areas.

Two primary goals of the project are increasing workshop and seminar
opportunities for small businesses and increasing one-on-one business counseling
sessions for business owners.

The foundation and Northeast Iowa Business Network provided $45,000 in matching
funds. It's anticipated that the additional assistance will create or retain
more than 300 jobs through

Feb. 1, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2009

USDA grants awarded locally

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 139  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of Rural Development has awarded
loans and grants totaling $22,736,256 to Iowa through the Rural Energy for
America Loan and Grant Program.

The Rural Energy for America Loan and Grant Program funds will be used to help
farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses develop renewable energy systems
and make energy-efficiency improvements to their operations.

The grant funds from the Office of Rural Development will be distributed to the
following:

Justin Fastert, Rock Rapids, $20,000 grant to purchase and install a geot-hermal
system in an on-farm work shop.

Mogler Farms LLC, Alvord, $9,103 grant to purchase and install a geother-mal
system in an on-farm work shop.

Streamside Farms Inc., Larchwood, $8,193 grant to replace the current grain
drying system with a more energy efficient system.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Lyon County Reporter


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                January 11, 2008

DEFRA cash aid for east

BYLINE: Andrew Shirley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 184 words


Farmers in the East of England can now apply for £65m of DEFRA funding towards
developing rural business projects.

As part of the long-awaited Rural Development Programme for England, the East of
England Development Agency is looking to develop regional projects, new markets
and new products.

The programme replaces the Rural Enterprise Scheme, Processing and Marketing
Grants and vocational training grants, which closed to new applicants in 2006.

The funding is part of a £3.3bn grant which has been split between nine rural
development agencies to fund projects until 2012.

Carl Atkin of farm consultant Bidwells said groups of farmers would be
encouraged to apply for funding to develop sustainability and diversification
projects.

"The main thing about the new scheme is the funding will be for fewer, bigger
projects," he said.

"Whereas it was quite easy for individual farmers to get £20,000, grants are
going be larger, for £100,000 to £300,000. Collaboration is the name of the
game. The EEDA wants big, strategic projects involving eight to 10 farmers."

Visitwww.eeda.org.uk/rdpefor more information.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2008 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 20, 2017

                    Salmon River Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             1140 East Main Avenue
                                 Challis 83226
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two Territories
Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

   Aug 15, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects.Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.With today's
announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million in energy
projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on
strengthening the rural economy. "As part of the Obama Administration's
'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA continues to work with America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help them save energy and improve
their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and others like it would not be
available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and again I urge members of
Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington next month." REAP helps
producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For example:
The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system. Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded
a $15,624 grant to make lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four
poultry houses. Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a
$16,250 grant to upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity
from the farm's waste stream.Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture
producers in 41 other states, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico will also receive funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in
Stagecoach, Nev., will use a $12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic
system to provide power for its farm and nursery. This project is expected to
generate 13,000 kW of energy annually. Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable
farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a $20,000 grant to install a 23 kW
photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of the farm's energy consumption.
Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide. Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to
19 agricultural producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies
for renewable energy systems. For example: The Gunnison County Electric
Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive a $6,739 grant to assess the
feasibility of installing a small hydropower generating plant at the Taylor
Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate 4 megawatts of power. Salmon
River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a $23,759 grant to
determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt gasification system to
create electricity out of waste biomass. Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo.,
was selected to receive a $25,000 grant to help fund a feasibility study on
building a 99 megawatt wind farm near Lake Andes, S.D. View the list of
recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility studies. REAP offers
financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses to purchase
and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements.
These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for businesses. REAP
also helps the conservation of natural resources and the development of new
forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil fuels and creates a
stronger rural economy. View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America
Program grants and loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.
President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America. USDA has
made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people, even as the
Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade fundsCARIBOU -- Irving Farms of Caribou is
one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural Development grant funds
through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), along with G&S Farms of
Fort Kent.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou
recently to speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities."I am pleased
USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two of which are
in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and energy
efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will help
the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical jobs
in Maine's rural communities."Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive
$2,656 to upgrade two existing potato storage ventilation fans with new motors,
adjustable frequency drives, and control software to remove heat from the
storage areas, promoting better product quality. Irving's project is projected
to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one
home.G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as
to replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.Other awardees include
Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC,
of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C, located in Bar Harbor; Mount
Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon Inc. of Belfast.USDA Rural
Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For application
deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or at
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at 764-4157 ext. 4
or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov.The business' receipt of funds is contingent
upon their meeting the terms of the loan or grant ag

LENGTH: 1 words


DNP:true

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade fundsCARIBOU -- Irving Farms of Caribou is
one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural Development grant funds
through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), along with G&S Farms of
Fort Kent.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou
recently to speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities."I am pleased
USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two of which are
in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and energy
efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will help
the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical jobs
in Maine's rural communities."Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive
$2,656 to upgrade two existing potato storage ventilation fans with new motors,
adjustable frequency drives, and control software to remove heat from the
storage areas, promoting better product quality. Irving's project is projected
to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one
home.G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as
to replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.Other awardees include
Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC,
of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C, located in Bar Harbor; Mount
Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon Inc. of Belfast.USDA Rural
Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For application
deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or at
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at 764-4157 ext. 4
or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov.The business' receipt of funds is contingent
upon their meeting the terms of the loan or grant ag

LENGTH: 1 words


DNP:true

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade fundsCARIBOU -- Irving Farms of Caribou is
one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural Development grant funds
through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), along with G&S Farms of
Fort Kent.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou
recently to speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities."I am pleased
USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two of which are
in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and energy
efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will help
the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical jobs
in Maine's rural communities."Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive
$2,656 to upgrade two existing potato storage ventilation fans with new motors,
adjustable frequency drives, and control software to remove heat from the
storage areas, promoting better product quality. Irving's project is projected
to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one
home.G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as
to replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.Other awardees include
Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC,
of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C, located in Bar Harbor; Mount
Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon Inc. of Belfast.USDA Rural
Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For application
deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or at
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at 764-4157 ext. 4
or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov.The business' receipt of funds is contingent
upon their meeting the terms of the loan or grant ag

LENGTH: 1 words


DNP:true

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Local farms awarded storage upgrade fundsCARIBOU -- Irving Farms of Caribou is
one of seven Maine business to receive USDA Rural Development grant funds
through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), along with G&S Farms of
Fort Kent.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel was in Caribou
recently to speak to agricultural producers. During her remarks, she announced
the grant funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects. The
grants total an investment of $66,190 in Maine's rural communities."I am pleased
USDA Rural Development can help these seven Maine businesses, two of which are
in Aroostook County, to make investments in renewable energy and energy
efficient systems at their facilities," Manuel said. "These systems will help
the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future, retaining critical jobs
in Maine's rural communities."Irving Farms, Inc. has been selected to receive
$2,656 to upgrade two existing potato storage ventilation fans with new motors,
adjustable frequency drives, and control software to remove heat from the
storage areas, promoting better product quality. Irving's project is projected
to save 14,082 kWh of energy annually, or enough electricity to power one
home.G&S will also use the funds to upgrade storage ventilation fans, as well as
to replace incandescent fixtures with LED lighting.Other awardees include
Bountiful Berry, Inc, doing business as Grandy Oats in Hiram; Kremer Glass, LLC,
of North Yarmouth; MDI Clean Energy Partners, L3C, located in Bar Harbor; Mount
Pleasant Dental Care, P.A., of Rockport; and Belcon Inc. of Belfast.USDA Rural
Development is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For application
deadlines and details on how to apply, contact Brian Wilson at 990-9168 or at
brian.wilson@me.usda.gov, or Cheryl Pelletier in Presque Isle at 764-4157 ext. 4
or cheryl.pelletier@me.usda.gov.The business' receipt of funds is contingent
upon their meeting the terms of the loan or grant ag

LENGTH: 1 words


DNP:true

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 4, 2007 Wednesday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Power project grant to help Sherman attract businesses

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: SHERMAN


Like in many other Aroostook County towns, officials in this municipality are
taking steps to recruit businesses to the area to bring jobs to its residents
and invigorate its economy.

Although it remains a challenge, town officials said on Monday that a recently
secured grant from the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program will bring them closer to their goal.

The town has received $65,759 of more than $1.6 million that was awarded to the
state from the USDA's Rural Development initiative.

U.S. Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins announced the news in a joint
statement.

Town Manager Deb O'Roak said on Monday that the money will be used to help
extend three-phase power to a site dedicated for industrial development on
Extract Road.

"This is great news for our community," she said. "We are working to secure
potential business development in that area, and a benefit to attracting
businesses would be to have three-phase power. This grant will make that
possible."

Three-phase power is an efficient means of supplying large electrical loads and
is used extensively in industrial areas.

O'Roak added that three-phase power also will help make the town's transfer
station, which is located on Extract Road, more energy-efficient.

The USDA Rural Development program provides guaranteed loans, approved loans,
and approved grants that help improve the economy and quality of life in rural
communities throughout the nation.

The loans and grants are used for community programs, and help to construct or
improve community facilities for health care, public safety and public services.

Snowe and Collins said they were pleased that the state received the USDA
funding.

"Providing federal assistance to community projects and nonprofit organizations
is extremely important to our state," they said. "We are particularly pleased
that these funds will help promote industrial development in Aroostook County,
which will eventually help create good-paying jobs in this part of our state."

O'Roak said that the power extension project is scheduled to be completed by the
end of this month or the beginning of August.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

£1 million funding booster in the works for rural businesses

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 4-5

LENGTH: 366  words


BUSINESSES can find out how to secure a share of £1 million in funding at a
special event.

Small rural businesses can apply for a part of  £933,000 in development help as
part of the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership's plan to boost economic growth.

More than a third of the D2N2 area's total of 880,000-plus jobs are in rural
local authority areas but, according to the Department for Environment, Food and
Rural Affairs, problems for the rural economy can include reduced income among
farmers, lower than average wages and difficulties in finding business
investment.

D2N2 - a partnership of business, local authorities, skills and training
providers, and community organisations tasked with boosting economic growth
across Derby, Derbyshire, Nottingham and Nottinghamshire - is making £933,000
available to help new or established small or micro businesses in rural areas to
expand and create new jobs.

Capital grants - made available through D2N2's funding allocation from the
European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) growth programme -
could fund activities including:

Farmers diversifying into non-agricultural activities such as tourism or an
attraction to create jobs;

Rural food and drink manufacturers, for example craft breweries looking to
increase production; and

The construction of workshops or investing in new machinery, to enable a rural
business to expand.

To be eligible to apply for a grant, a rural business must operate in the
eligible rural D2N2 area and in one of its eight key economic sectors - the
visitor economy, food and drink manufacturing, low carbon, construction,
transport equipment manufacturing, transport and logistics, creative industries
or life sciences or be looking to create new jobs,  increase productivity,
introduce a technology, product or process new to their sector.

Grants will range in size from £35,000 to approximately £140,000 and can cover
up to 40 per cent of a project's total costs. Projects must have a total value
of at least £87,500 to be eligible for funding.

A special event is being held from 5pm to 7pm today at  Hilton House Hotel
(pictured),  in Mill Lane, Hilton.

People can find out more information at  www.eventbrite.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Western Gazette

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 335  words


SOMERSET County Council has more than £2M to give to rural businesses,
organisations, farmers and foresters to boost the rural economy and create jobs.

The  funding will be allocated by local action groups, made up of community,
public and private sector representatives, to align with the aims of their local
development strategies.

Organisations or individuals can bid for grants from £2,500 to £35,000 by
demonstrating that their project will create jobs, increase business  and
support the wider economy.

The funding has been made available to the local action groups through the
Leader Programme 2015-2020 which is part of the European Fund for Rural
Development: Europe investing in Rural Areas.

The Leader Programme aims to encourage economic development on a local level,
from the bottom up. Projects must address the national and local priorities of
the Leader Programme and local development strategies.

These are to increase farm productivity, support small enterprises and farm
diversification, rural tourism, provision of rural services, cultural and
heritage activity and increase forestry productivity.

Cabinet member for business, inward investment and policy, David Hall, said: "If
you have a business idea that will help boost growth in western Somerset or the
Levels and Moors area  get in touch.

"The funding could be used for equipment to expand a business, to improve a
tourist location, provide equipment to improve animal health and wellbeing or
for farm diversification projects. This is a fantastic opportunity to bid for
funding that could be really beneficial to your business."

The county council acts as the accountable body for the Leader Programme on
behalf of Defra and the Rural Payments Agency. Grants are typically limited to
40 per cent of the eligible project costs.

To find out more about the  funding call Laura Jensen on 01823 357105 or
Anne-Marie Spalding on 01823 359242. For information on the Leader programme and
how to apply for a grant  visit www.somersetleader.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Express and Echo

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rural grants still available

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 276 words


BUSINESSES across East Devon are being urged to get their applications for the
Heart of the South West Rural Enterprise Grant in before the deadline in early
January.

More than £600,000 has already been allocated from the £1m REG fund, launched in
January this year. Administered by Devon County Council, funds have been
allotted to 19 businesses, with the remaining cash due to be allocated in early
March 2014.

The grants have to be used to aid business development and create jobs.
Businesses have used the money in a variety of ways - to update machinery,
automate production processes or purchase new equipment.

The Rural Enterprise Grant, designed to boost growth and create jobs throughout
the area, is in addition to the Government's £2.9m investment in HotSW's Rural
Growth Network.

The RGN is expected to create around 1,300 new jobs in the area.

Councillor Andrew Leadbetter, Devon County Council cabinet member for economy
and growth, said: "The Rural Enterprise Grant was designed to support these
businesses, helping them to expand into new markets, create vital jobs and
develop the local economy."

East Devon food company LittlePod, based in Farringdon, has used its £17,000
grant to expand its office and manufacturing space, enabling them to develop new
product lines.

Managing director Janet Sawyer said: "It's an exciting new phase for LittlePod,
which couldn't have come at a better time." More information about the grants,
including eligibility criteria, can be found at www.heartofswlep.co.uk/rural
-growthrural-enterprise-grants or by contacting an advisor at the Business
Information Point on team@bipwestdevon.biz or freephone 0330 1000338.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EEE


                        Copyright 2013 Express and Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Democrat (Waverly, Tennessee)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2014

USDA announces effort to cut energy costs for farmers, ranchers, rural small
businesses;
Up to $12.3 Million in Grants and $57.8 Million in Loan Guarantees Available In
Rural Energy for America Program

BYLINE: The News-Democrat staff

LENGTH: 803  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications from rural small businesses and agricultural producers for funding
to make energy efficiency improvements or to install renewable energy systems.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "This funding will help farmers, ranchers and rural
small business owners incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency
technology into their operations, create jobs and help America become more
energy independent. When small rural businesses and farmers cut their energy
costs with cleaner and more efficient energy, we are both helping their bottom
lines and reducing the amount of greenhouse gas pollution that affects our
climate.".

The funding announced today is being provided through USDA's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Investments from programs like REAP help support the
true engine of America's economic growth - a thriving middle class. REAP is one
of many USDA programs and initiatives to support an expanded domestic energy
economy. In addition to helping to increase renewable energy production, USDA
makes investments in the bioeconomy, provides support for the emerging biobased
products industry, supports new technologies, and supports energy efficiency
improvements.

REAP funding has helped farmers expand renewable energy use in recent years. The
new Census of Agriculture shows the number of farms utilizing renewable energy
production has doubled in the last five years. More than 57,000 farms reported
using a renewable energy system in 2012, while 23,451 operations reported doing
so in 2007. Solar panels accounted for 63% of renewable energy systems on farms,
with 36,331 farms reporting their use.

REAP funding is an example of the many ways that USDA is helping revitalize
rural economies to create opportunities for growth and prosperity, support
innovative technologies, identify new markets for agricultural producers and
better utilize our nation's natural resources.

Created by the 2008 Farm Bill, REAP was reauthorized by the recently passed 2014
Farm Bill. For fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA plans to award up to $12.3 million in
grants and $57.8 million in loan guarantees. Additional REAP funds provided by
the Farm Bill will be made available with a subsequent notice. USDA is accepting
applications for: Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee and grant combinations Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees; and Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants.

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants.

Requests for grants may not exceed 25 percent of a project's cost - either for
stand-alone grant requests or for grants combined with loan guarantees.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has supported more than 8,200
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide. During this period,
USDA has provided more than $264 million in grants and $212 million in loan
guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners.

Cozy Acres Greenhouse in North Yarmouth, Maine, used a $48,750 REAP grant to
help offset the cost of installing a solar and geothermal system in new
greenhouses. Owners Jeff and Marianne Marstaller needed to expand
their'greenhouse operations and were determined to do so in a cost-effective
'arid energy-efficient way. They teamed up with USDA Rural Development to fund a
geothermal system to provide heat for the greenhouses and solar photovoltaic
panels that help offset their electricity needs. The greenhouses were completed
in fall 2013. The Marstallers plan to market their locally grown herbs and
vegetables to area restaurants and farmers markets.

Information on how to apply for REAP funding and on the application deadlines
(which vary by project type) is available on page 25564 of the May 5, 2014
Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDW

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The News-Democrat


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

USDA pumped $2.1B into state in last 8 years

BYLINE: Elwood Brehmer, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 727 words


Jan. 18--A small federal office has quietly injected more than $2.1 billion into
Alaska over the past eight years with almost no impact to the national debt.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Development has done that
through its 35 programs that help fund everything from water and sewer systems
in the most remote villages in Alaska to startup businesses in every corner of
the state.

The Rural Development Alaska progress report covering President Barack Obama's
time in office lists 236 communities in which the office has funded projects.
Appropriately absent from that list is Anchorage, given the agency's rural
focus.

Despite providing $2.16 billion in loans and grants since 2009, outgoing USDA
Rural Development Alaska Director Jim Nordlund said one of the biggest hurdles
for his staff is getting the word out that they are here to help.

"It's always been a constant challenge for us as an agency to let the public
know, let Alaskans know, particularly rural Alaskans, what we do," Nordlund
said. "Everybody thinks USDA only deals with farms and farmers, but that's not
exactly true."

The office has managed to fund $775 million in housing projects, another $683
million in telecom and electric infrastructure development and nearly $300
million in water and environmental work over that time while being net neutral
to the federal Treasury, as Nordlund is quick to note, because more than 75
percent of the $2.16 billion issued was in the form of loans.

In Alaska the Rural Development programs are one of the biggest things the
Agriculture Department does -- outside managing two of the three largest
national forests, of course.

Nationwide, the Rural Development wing of the USDA has a loan portfolio of about
$215 billion, which would make it the eighth-largest bank in the country, he
added.

The focus on loans is something Nordlund, a longtime Alaskan, said needs to
happen more generally in Alaska particularly given the state's massive
reoccurring budget deficits that have evaporated almost all state grant
programs.

He acknowledges that some situations require grant funding or subsidies due to a
lack of revenue for loan repayment but also said his staff often presents a loan
option to an entity only to be turned down because the group wants free money.

"I just think that as a state we need to be more creative in terms of looking at
leveraging money, being creative with the use of loans, marrying loans and
grants and tax credits in order to get projects done," Nordlund said. "It's that
kind of creative financing and leveraging that's going to have to happen in
Alaska given the times that we're facing and a lack of pure grant funding."

Nordlund added that he has seen a shift -- slowly and reluctantly -- among those
looking for funds to accept that reality as the state's fiscal situation has
deteriorated rapidly over the past two years.

Last year the Rural Development Office issued a $165 million loan to the Yukon
Kuskokwim Health Corp. for a new clinic and hospital expansion in Bethel, the
largest Community Facilities Program loan in the history of the program
nationwide.

And the loans are being paid back. According to Rural Development Business
Programs Director Renee Johnson, Alaska's $119 million Business Loan Guarantee
Program finished 2016 with no delinquencies to report.

The program has a 3.3 percent delinquency rate nationwide; and Johnson credited
the Alaska results to the expertise and lending practices of the government
office's private lending partners.

As a presidential appointee, Nordlund will be leaving the Rural Development
Office when the Obamas vacate the White House. He said he hopes his successor
can continue the work the agency has done over the past eight years and
especially build on efforts to make home mortgages more accessible to village
residents, a means Nordlund sees as crucial to improving rural Alaska's housing
stock.

"There's nothing more unique than rural Alaska," he said. "The opportunity to
serve rural Alaskans has really been a great honor and I'm going to miss this
job a great deal but that's just the way it goes."

Elwood Brehmer can be reached at elwood.brehmer@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2017 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-JA-USDA-pumped-2.1B-into-state-in-last-8-years-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2017 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Cotswold Journal

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

New Cotswolds rural grants programme opens for business

BYLINE: Vivien Mason

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


A PROGRAMME to boost jobs and growth for rural businesses and communities in the
Cotswolds with nearly £2million of funding is now open for business.

The Cotswolds Leader programme is open for applications and will provide grants
to small businesses, farmers, foresters and communities for projects that create
jobs and grow the rural economy.

The programme is a method of delivering rural development through a local
community led approach. It is a European Union initiative and forms part of the
Rural Development Programme for England. Its priorities in the Cotswolds are to
support micro and small businesses and farm diversification; boost rural
tourism; increase farm and forestry productivity; provide cultural and heritage
activities and provide rural services.

The Cotswolds Conservation Board with the Local Action Group was successful in
securing in the region of £1.98m for projects in significant parts of rural
Oxfordshire, Wiltshire and Gloucestershire.

Jo Burgon from the Local Action Group said: "The Local Development Strategy
recognises the potential and diversity of rural businesses in the Cotswolds. The
new Leader programme will add value to our growth orientated enterprises."

The Cotswolds Conservation Board's Director Martin Lane added: "The launch of
the Cotswolds Leader programme at the forum is a significant milestone. This new
five-year funding stream provides a wonderful opportunity to grow sustainable
rural businesses and jobs. The forum provides an excellent opportunity to
discuss ideas at an early stage".

To find out more about the Cotswolds Leader programme visit
www.cotswoldsleader.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 August 1, 2005

Spend tech funds where they count;
But don't leave rural areas behind;
Share lessons learned

SECTION: Vol. 26; No. 21; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 544 words


Technology is a term so broad and so overused in economic development circles
that it's almost meaningless without further definition. The state's 2-year-old
certified technology park program had a similar problem. Without a defined grant
-making strategy, the program ran the risk of spreading itself too thin and
becoming meaningless to the state's economic-development strategy.

Now the state is wisely stepping back from its practice of scattering the money
far and wide. After promising $ 9 million in grant money around the state in the
first round of funding, state officials are going to be more selective.

With another $ 9 million to award over the next two years, the Indiana Economic
Development Corp. is limiting tech park certification and the grants that can
come with it to communities that have demonstrated they can lure promising
technology companies.

The first example is Jeffersonville, where the state said last month it would
establish a certified technology park based on the Ohio River town's success in
luring MedVenture Technology Corp. from Louisville. The certification means
Jeffersonville can compete for grants and keep a portion of payroll taxes paid
by MedVenture employees to plow back into local economic-development efforts.

The new strategy makes sense in an age when every community across the country
fancies itself a potential magnet for technology companies. In reality, only a
handful are equipped to compete. Indiana is right to maximize its return on
state dollars by limiting support to communities with the best chance of
success.

That doesn't mean, however, that areas with little appeal to today's knowledge
workers can be left behind. The state's Office of Rural Affairs, under the
direction of the Lieutenant Governor's Office, is doling out $ 3.1 million a
year in Rural Development Grants that are to be used to enhance the economic
viability of rural communities. These funds have been used for projects such as
planning for a business incubator and introduction of broadband Internet into
rural areas.

This program and others are important tools that can be used to lift the
economic fortunes of rural Hoosier communities. Many of those same communities
can also benefit from the spillover if their wealthier neighbors succeed in
becoming magnets for high technology.

For the most part, the economy is humming along pretty well these days after
recovering from the recession in the early part of the decade.

But good business leaders, like elephants, don't forget.

Those lean times forced many companies to make drastic changes in the way they
do business. And many business leaders learned lessons that are helping their
companies perform better today.

If you're a business leader, IBJ wants to hear the lessons the recession taught
you about running a business during lean times and whether those methods are
still effective now during a period of growth.

Please e-mail your comments to jnewman@@ibj.com with a subject line of Lessons
Learned. We'll publish many of your comments in the Aug. 22 Focus section.

Please limit your responses to 400 words. Include your title and the complete
name of your company or organization.

To comment on this editorial, write to ibjedit@@ibj.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 IBJ Corporation


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 29, 2004

:250,000 boost to help diversify

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 186 words


Grants totalling £255,442 are being awarded to 26 farm diversification projects
by the Scottish Executive.  The funding is the latest to be announced through
the farm business development scheme.

Environment and Rural Development Minister Ross Finnie said the cash would help
farming families start new businesses, or expand existing diversified
businesses.

A variety of projects have so far been approved for funding, including tourist
accommodation, outdoor activity centres, rural services such as florists and IT
services, and a children's nursery.

Mr Finnie said: "The Scottish Executive is committed to supporting a sustainable
rural economy. Diversification is a key factor in meeting this goal as it allows
members of farming families to secure employment and generate an income from
outwith the traditional agricultural sector." The scheme has so far helped 574
diversification projects.

Mr Finnie encouraged more farmers to apply for funding.

The scheme provides up to 50% of the eligible costs for farming families wishing
to diversify either within or outwith agriculture.


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

USDA's rural programs cover more than just agriculture

BYLINE: Thomas Garcia, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Aug. 24--Rural development programs offered by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture are for those who live in the cities as well as for farmers and
ranchers, according to USDA spokesman Ernie Watson.

"The programs offered by the USDA are for everyone and every entity in rural
America," Watson said, explaining that the various program offered by the USDA
-- including grants and loans -- are aimed at assisting rural America with
providing jobs and improving infrastructure, such as waste water projects, as
well as the purchase of police vehicles and ambulances.

Watson answered questions about the rural programs during an interview with Quay
County Sun staff about various USDA services.

"Our goal is to provide services that will create the best possible lifestyle
for those living in rural New Mexico," Watson said.

Watson said that the USDA has helped with large utility projects in rural New
Mexico, including telephone and electric projects. He said while these projects
are larger scale, the USDA program has opportunities to assist smaller
businesses as well.

Watson loans and grants are in place through the USDA Rural Development's Rural
Energy for America Program to help a grocery store owner install
energy-efficient freezers. Watson said these types of projects save business
owners money; moreover, they will receive a payment totaling 25 percent of the
cost of installing the more efficient freezers.

In July, USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner presented Mary
Woodson, owner of Bar C Metal Roofing Supplies, Inc. in Pojoaque, with a
certificate of congratulations for receiving $14,153 from the REAP program,
according to the USDA website.

The funding provided by the REAP program offset the $66,605 she spent to install
the solar-power system at the business. Since its installation two months ago,
the company's electric bill dropped from an average of $400 each month to $15.

Watson said grants and loans also are available for agricultural producers
looking to start a business. He said there are programs available to help a
producer of chili and tomatoes that may want to produce salsa but wants to cut
out the middle man. The grant or loan will help the producer purchase the
equipment that will allow them to make the salsa themselves.

Watson said there are numerous programs to assist home owners make energy
efficiency conversions to their homes as well as help in the purchase of a home.

Watson said the USDA is working to help rural communities like Tucumcari team up
with surrounding communities toward a common goal of rural development.

In July, Tucumcari became part of the Stronger Economies Together, which also is
run by USDA, according to Brunner.

Watson said many times, communities in a region have the same ideas, goals and
issues or problems. "This gives the rural communities an opportunity to work
with each other and use each of their resources to the benefit of each other,"
Watson added.

Watson said it has become increasingly ineffective for a single rural county to
create, attract and retain jobs by itself. He said in today's economy, it is far
more likely for economic development to occur when rural and urban counties work
together.

Watson said people can learn more about the opportunities available to rural New
Mexico at the USDA website http://www.rd.usda.gov/nm.

___ (c)2016 the Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, N.M.) Visit the Quay County Sun
(Tucumcari, N.M.) at www.qcsunonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160824-QY-USDA-s-rural
-programs-cover-more-than-just-agriculture-0824-20160824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2016 Quay County Sun


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Brown Alerts Rural Businesses to Federal Resources Available to
Promote Economic Development and Job Creation

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH), a senior member of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, announced $48 million in federal resources to support
rural economic development and job creation. Through the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will make $37 million in zero-interest loans and $11 million in grants
available to local utility organizations to create revolving loan funds. These
organizations can apply to USDA for funding support on behalf of local projects
that create or retain jobs in rural areas.





 "Rural communities are the backbone of Ohio's economy, but in order to thrive,
rural businesses need access to capital to allow them to grow their operations
and create jobs," Brown said. "I encourage Ohio communities to take advantage of
this opportunity to invest in local economies and local jobs."



 Through his position on the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee, Brown is a
leading advocate for investing in and strengthening rural communities. During
consideration of the 2014 Farm Bill, Brown successfully fought to secure strong
rural development initiatives that empower communities, encourage small business
development, invest in critical infrastructure, and promote collaboration
between local governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                  May 31, 2012

Communities offered  150,000 in grant aid

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 363  words


Wexford Local Development (WLD has urged communities and businesses across the
county to avail of up to  150,000 in grant aid under the National Rural
Development Programme (NRDP).

At a recent board meeting, WLD representatives presented plaques to several
community groups and rural businesses who have received over  50k in grant aid
under the National Rural Development Programme.

To date the programme has allocated almost  6 million in funding to over 300
projects around the county.

The programme now offers grant support at a rate of 75 per cent for both
business and community based projects. This represents an unprecedented
opportunity to avail of funding at this rate.

If you have a project idea and would like to discuss your proposal with a
Project Officer or find out more about the Programme, please contact one of our
Project Officers in Wexford Local Development on 053 9155880.

Community groups and businesses who were presented with plaques included:
Knockingall Community Centre - Piercestown which developed a new community
facility in Piercestown. Kia Ora Mini Farm - Gorey developed its farm catering
for the family and school tour markets.

Askamore Community Development which transformed their existing busy centre into
a brand new community facility that now caters to the local growing demands.

Barnadown Equestrian Centre further enhanced their fantastic facility.

This entailed upgrading works and the provision of onsite accommodation that has
greatly benefited the business resulting in job creation and increased visitor
numbers to the rural tourism sector of our model county.

Kilanerin/Ballyfad Community Development Group represents the amalgamation of
five communities to include Kilanerin, Ballyfad, Ballythomas, Annagh and
Hollyfort. WLD has worked with this group to develop a number of successful
projects within these areas.

County Wexford Community Workshop Enniscorthy provides day and residential
services to 400 people with disabilities and continues to identify the needs of
the disabled and develop programmes aimed at meeting those needs.

The project allowed the facility to extend their services and in turn creating
additional jobs in the area.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                  May 31, 2012

Communities offered  150,000 in grant aid

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 363  words


Wexford Local Development (WLD has urged communities and businesses across the
county to avail of up to  150,000 in grant aid under the National Rural
Development Programme (NRDP).

At a recent board meeting, WLD representatives presented plaques to several
community groups and rural businesses who have received over  50k in grant aid
under the National Rural Development Programme.

To date the programme has allocated almost  6 million in funding to over 300
projects around the county.

The programme now offers grant support at a rate of 75 per cent for both
business and community based projects. This represents an unprecedented
opportunity to avail of funding at this rate.

If you have a project idea and would like to discuss your proposal with a
Project Officer or find out more about the Programme, please contact one of our
Project Officers in Wexford Local Development on 053 9155880.

Community groups and businesses who were presented with plaques included:
Knockingall Community Centre - Piercestown which developed a new community
facility in Piercestown. Kia Ora Mini Farm - Gorey developed its farm catering
for the family and school tour markets.

Askamore Community Development which transformed their existing busy centre into
a brand new community facility that now caters to the local growing demands.

Barnadown Equestrian Centre further enhanced their fantastic facility.

This entailed upgrading works and the provision of onsite accommodation that has
greatly benefited the business resulting in job creation and increased visitor
numbers to the rural tourism sector of our model county.

Kilanerin/Ballyfad Community Development Group represents the amalgamation of
five communities to include Kilanerin, Ballyfad, Ballythomas, Annagh and
Hollyfort. WLD has worked with this group to develop a number of successful
projects within these areas.

County Wexford Community Workshop Enniscorthy provides day and residential
services to 400 people with disabilities and continues to identify the needs of
the disabled and develop programmes aimed at meeting those needs.

The project allowed the facility to extend their services and in turn creating
additional jobs in the area.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Journal

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Rural grants really helping local businesses to expand

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 318  words


RURAL Enterprise Grants to the value of £800,000 have supported some 30
businesses in Devon and Somerset and helped to create jobs.

North Devon businesses The-Sign-Maker-Dot-Net-Ltd in Umberleigh, Fibre Harvest
in Lynton and Watts Design in Bratton Fleming received a combined £97,000 from
the scheme.

The funds for the Heart of the South West Rural Enterprise Grant Scheme were
secured by Devon County Council from Defra and the Rural Development Programme
for England.

It will have created 84 jobs by March 2015 and a further 33 by March 2017,
totalling 117 and resulting in a Gross Value Added increase of £4.9 million by
March 2017. The programme  has been supported by Peninsula Enterprise and BiP.

Chief executive of the Heart of the South West Local Enterprise Partnership,
Chris Garcia, said: "We are really pleased to have been successful in attracting
the Rural Enterprise Grants to help these businesses grow.

"The grants are designed to develop, expand and stimulate economic growth,
innovation and employment opportunities, helping our rural communities remain
active and vibrant places in which to live and work.

"Tackling barriers to growth that benefit both urban and rural businesses is an
important part of our Strategic Economic Plan which aims to generate economic
prosperity in the Heart of the South West area."

Cabinet member for Economy and Growth in Devon, Councillor Andrew Leadbetter,
said: "The micro-businesses and SMEs are such a major part of our economy and
this is exactly where funding and support can make a difference. It's great news
to see so many get the support needed to help them reach their true potential.
It means job creation and money in the local economy, in turn strengthening our
local communities. I wish them all the very best for their future and continued
success."

The Heart of the South West Rural Enterprise Grant Scheme is now closed to new
applications.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2013

USDA Rural Development loan and grant programs assist rural homeowners with
needed home repairs

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 862  words


DES MOINES, Iowa - May 30, 2013 - Iowa's long winter and recent spring rains can
really take a toll on homes, especially older ones with aging roofs, siding or
windows.

If your house is in need of essential repairs this spring USDA Rural Development
has low-interest loans and grants available to help eligible families make
needed improvements. Loans have a fixed interest rate as low as one percent and
typically may be repaid over a term of 20 years.

Grants are available to help applicants who are 62 or older, and who cannot
repay a loan, remove health and safety hazards or to make the home accessible
for a disabled family member.

"These loans and grants help eligible families make needed repairs that they
otherwise couldn't afford," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State
Director in Iowa. Through this program a family can get a $3,000 loan that has a
monthly payment as low as $13.80."

Examples of eligible projects include repair/replacement of storm doors,
windows, steps, furnaces, water heaters or roofs. Funds can also be used for
insulation, electrical, plumbing, septic and water systems, and to provide
accessibility for persons with disabilities. Homes repaired with these funds
must be located in communities of less than 20,000 people or in rural areas.

To be eligible for a repair loan, the family applying must own and live in the
home to be repaired, lack personal resources to pay for needed repairs, have a
good credit history, limited assets and have repayment ability.

To qualify for assistance household income must fall under income limits for the
county and household size. For most counties, a one-person household must have
an adjusted income of $20,950 or less, and a two-person household must have an
adjusted income of $23,950 or less. Limits increase for larger household sizes.

Along with loans and grants to repair homes, USDA Rural Development has two
low-interest, no-down-payment loan programs to help eligible families purchase
new homes.

In most cases a family of four with an adjusted annual income of up to $74,050
may qualify for the agency's guaranteed home loan program. If that same family
of four's adjusted annual income is less than $47,850 they may also qualify for
a direct loan from the agency. These income limits increase in communities
located near metro areas.

Homes can be existing or new construction. Existing homes must be structurally
sound. Also, the property cannot have any income-producing outbuildings.

"Each year USDA Rural Development invests more than $200 million in loans and
grants that provide rural Iowa residents with decent, safe and sanitary
housing," Menner said. "It's through housing programs like this one that we work
to ensure that as many rural lowans as possible have access to adequate
housing."

Contact USDA Rural Development

Residents in Cherokee, Crawford, Ida, Lyon, Monona, O'Brien, Osceola, Plymouth,
Sioux and Woodbury Counties are served by the USDA Rural Development office in
Le Mars. For more information please call (712) 546-5149 ext. 4 or
visitwww.rurdev. usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities. Office locations include a State Office in
Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt, Indianola,
Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

This past year USDA Rural Development's investment in Iowa helped create or
retain more than 1,600 jobs, aided 2,400 families in buying their own homes and
assisted more than 60 communities as they made improvements to their facilities,
services and infrastructure.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 West Lyon Herald


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

More details of £3.5bn rural programme

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


More details have emerged of new rural development schemes worth £3.5bn to the
English countryside.

The new Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) was formally agreed by
the European Commission last month.

Under the programme, the government will be investing at least £3.5bn in rural
development schemes until 2020, confirms the latest Defra update.

About £2.1bn will be spent on existing environmental schemes. The remainder of
the money will be spent through the new RDPE, which is made up of four elements:
· Countryside Stewardship.

· Countryside Productivity · Growth Programme.

· LEADER.

About £900m on will be spent on Countryside Stewardship, which will help rural
businesses improve the countryside environment.

Guidance for Countryside Productivity will be published on the government's
GOV.UK website during March.

Potential applicants will ask for ideas for projects which the scheme could
support. The full application process for grant funding will open later in 2015.

Under the Growth Programme, £177 million will go to people and business to help
them support their local rural economy.

Grants will be available for starting up a business, developing a business,
tourism, renewable heat and energy projects.

From 2016, there will also be grants for broadband investments. These will be
linked to Local Broadband Plans developed by local authorities.

Through the LEADER element of the RDPE 2014-2020, £138m will be available to
local businesses, farmers, foresters, land managers and communities.

Funding is allocated to local action groups (LAGs) in order to create jobs and
growth in rural areas, mainly via small grants.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday

Help offered to fire victims

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


SILVER CITY - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that
low-to-moderate income families affected by the Quail Ridge fire Silver City may
qualify for financial assistance to refurbish, rebuild or buy a new home. Agency
representatives will be in Silver City this week taking applications from those
who qualify.

"We want those affected by the fire to be aware that our agency's existing
housing program may be able to help these families with financial assistance to
repair, rebuild or buy a home," Brunner said. "Our staff at USDA Rural
Development stands ready to help and we encourage residents to call us to see if
they are eligible for assistance."

The agency has several housing programs administered by USDA Rural Development,
including a direct home loan program that helps low-income residents to qualify
for a loan.

The agency also administers the Guaranteed Rural Housing loan program that will
help moderate income families buy a home. Both of these programs can provide
financial help to either rebuild or buy a new home.

The agency also has the 504 home loan and grant program which is available to
very low-income rural residents who own and occupy a home in need of repairs.
The funds can be used to improve or modernize a home, or to remove health and
safety hazards. This loan is a 1 percent interest loan that may be repaid over a
20-year period.

To apply for one of the 504 loans, homeowner-occupants must be unable to obtain
affordable credit elsewhere and must have a very low income. Very low income is
defined as below 50 percent of the area median income. Grants are only available
to homeowners who are 62 years old or older and cannot repay a Section 504 loan.

A real estate mortgage and full title services are required for loans of $7,500
or more. Grants have to be repaid if the property is sold in less than 3 years.
Grant funds may only be used to pay for repairs and improvements resulting in
the removal of health and safety hazards. A grant/loan combination is made if
the applicant can repay part of the cost. Loans and grants can be combined for
up to $27,500 in assistance.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. More information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov .

USDA staff office hours

When: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday

Where: Southwest NM Council of Governments office, 2nd floor, City Hall Annex,
1203 N. Hudson St.

Info: Call USDA Rural Development's Las Cruces Area Office at: (575) 522-8775,
ext. 4, during normal business hours.

What to bring

Those applying for the 504 rehabilitation funds are asked to bring the
following:

Warranty deed

Verification of income

Cost estimates

Proof of age for grant (62 years or older)

List of debts presently being paid and account numbers and addresses of accounts

Checking and savings account numbers

Photo ID

Tax records for most recently filed income tax

Property tax information

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              March 2, 2008 Sunday
                                  CITY Edition

U.S. grants create loan funds for community improvement

BYLINE: JOE DUGGAN, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: P; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


NPPD will loan $360,000 from grant to Beatrice MRI project.

Patients who need an MRI test at the Beatrice Community Hospital and Health
Center walk outside to a trailer in the parking lot.

Hospital administrators hope to change that inconvenience into a short stroll
down a hospital hallway.

Their nearly $2 million plan to create interior space for a new magnetic
resonance imaging machine will get a boost from their local electricity
supplier.

Norris Public Power District, which services a five-county Southeast Nebraska
area from its headquarters in Beatrice, has committed to loaning $360,000 to the
MRI project. The money originates from a federal grant awarded to Norris last
fall.

But that won't be the end of the story.

As the hospital pays back the no-interest loan, the money will be reloaned to
other businesses and institutions that create new jobs in Gage, Saline,
Jefferson, Thayer and Lancaster counties.

"What we were trying to do is promote rural economic development and job
creation projects in our five-county service area," said Andrea Schafer, manager
of public relations and economic development for Norris.

New businesses not only help the overall economic conditions in small cities and
rural areas, they help secure the future of the public electrical utility.

Norris was one of 30 recipients nationally to share $16.6 million  in loans and
grants from the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant and Intermediary
Relending Program. The program is managed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The other grant recipient in the state was the Nebraska Northwest Development
Corp. in Chadron. The private, non-profit group plans to use its $250,000 grant
as a revolving loan fund for new or existing businesses in Sioux, Dawes and
Sheridan counties, said Brenda Johnson, executive director of the corporation.

The grants are part of the USDA's rural development mission, according to a news
release from the department. Since 2001, the initiative has distributed nearly
$77 billion to foster growth in job creation, job retention, homeownership,
business development and community technology.

The USDA credited the investments with creating or saving 1.5 million jobs.

The $300,000 grant received by Norris required a 20 percent match by the
utility, which is why the total amount in the loan fund is $360,000.

Under federal regulations, Norris could choose to charge up to the national
prime interest rate. Shafer said it remained to be seen whether Norris would opt
to charge interest on future loans, but if it does, the interest money will go
back into the revolving loan fund.

The MRI center at the Beatrice hospital is expected to create three new jobs -
one full-time and two part-time - said Diane Vicars, the hospital's marketing
director.

"It's something we very much want to do, and we think it would be very
beneficial to our patients," she said.

Hospital officials have yet to decide whether to build an addition for the
center or to reconfigure existing space. Nor have they set a timeline for
starting or completing the project, Vicars said.

Borrowers have up to 10 years to repay loans to the fund, Schafer said.

Reach Joe Duggan at 473-7239 or jduggan@journalstar.com

ON THE WEB

U.S. Department of Agriculture: www.usda.gov

Norris Public Power District: www.norrisppd.com

Beatrice Community Hospital and Health Center: www.beatricecommunityhospital.com

Nebraska Northwest Development Corp.: www.chadroneconomicdevelopment.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Rutland Times

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

New scheme offers funding for Rutland businesses

LENGTH: 228  words


Rutland businesses that are looking to grow, but need help with funding are
invited to attend the launch of the Rutland and Rural Peterborough Leader
programme.

Economic development company, Opportunity Peterborough and Rutland County
Council launched the new grant fund and support programme last November,
following a successful joint bid to secure £1.32m to fund and deliver support in
Rutland and rural Peterborough.

The Leader scheme, part of the Rural Development Programme for England, is
jointly funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.

Farmers, growers, rural businesses and community groups can now apply for Leader
funding to support projects that help to grow the rural economy in their area.

Grants are also available to boost tourism, by supporting cultural and heritage
activities.

Steve Bowyer, chief executive of Opportunity Peterborough, said: "By attending
this event potential applicants can learn whether they are eligible for funding
and how to apply. Our team will be on hand to answer any questions and provide
the necessary guidance."

The event will take place at the Rutland Agricultural Society in Oakham, from
6.30pm to 9.30pm on February 8. For full details and to register for the event
please visit the {www.leaderfunding.co.uk | website} or call 01733 317404.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRUT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Stamford Mercury

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

New scheme offers funding for Rutland businesses

LENGTH: 228  words


Rutland businesses that are looking to grow, but need help with funding are
invited to attend the launch of the Rutland and Rural Peterborough Leader
programme.

Economic development company, Opportunity Peterborough and Rutland County
Council launched the new grant fund and support programme last November,
following a successful joint bid to secure £1.32m to fund and deliver support in
Rutland and rural Peterborough.

The Leader scheme, part of the Rural Development Programme for England, is
jointly funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.

Farmers, growers, rural businesses and community groups can now apply for Leader
funding to support projects that help to grow the rural economy in their area.

Grants are also available to boost tourism, by supporting cultural and heritage
activities.

Steve Bowyer, chief executive of Opportunity Peterborough, said: "By attending
this event potential applicants can learn whether they are eligible for funding
and how to apply. Our team will be on hand to answer any questions and provide
the necessary guidance."

The event will take place at the Rutland Agricultural Society in Oakham, from
6.30pm to 9.30pm on February 8. For full details and to register for the event
please visit the {www.leaderfunding.co.uk | website} or call 01733 317404.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSMP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Staffordshire Newsletter

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 182  words


RURAL businesspeople and communities can apply for a helping hand to expand
their business or launch a new venture.

There is £24m available in the new Growth Programme and applications for grants
opened last week. Individual grants are of upwards of £35,000, depending on the
individual project.

The programme is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development
and managed by the Rural Payments Agency, working with Local Enterprise
Partnerships (LEPs), which are partnerships between local authorities and local
businesses.

Local priorities have been established across the country, meaning the funding
will be aimed at schemes that will bring the biggest benefits to those areas.

Opportunities could include helping to set up new businesses or expand,
developing new food processing facilities or promoting tourism.

Grants will be offered in nine LEP areas and a further two rounds of the Growth
Programme are expected in August and September.

The remaining LEP areas will be invited over the next few months to apply for
grants to help them support their local rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Hosts USDA Under Secretary at Rural Development Roundtable

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, along with local directors for
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development, today hosted Robert
Bonnie, USDA Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment at a rural
development roundtable in Wahpeton with state and local officials.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs and to grow North
Dakota's rural communities. The senator also served on the Senate-House
Conference Committee that negotiated the final version of the new five-year farm
bill, which includes programs in support of rural communities.

"We've been working to ensure that North Dakotans, regardless of their zip code,
have opportunities and the support they need to build vibrant communities,"
Hoeven said. "The economic wellbeing of all our citizens depends on a healthy
rural economy."

As a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Hoeven worked to
support USDA rural development programs including:

Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) Program -The RCDG program awards
competitive grants to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the startup, expansion, or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other businesses.

Community Facility Guarantee Program - The community facilities program provides
loan guarantees to local governments and nonprofits to construct, enlarge or
improve community facilities for health care, public safety and public services
in rural areas and towns with populations up to 20,000.

Community Facilities Loan and Grant Programs, Tribal College and University
Grants - This program provides tribal colleges and universities with funding for
critically needed infrastructure improvements, to purchase needed equipment and
to develop essential community facilities.

Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) Programs - The DLT program provides
grants for advanced telecommunications technologies to develop enhanced learning
and health care opportunities for rural residents.

Additionally, last week, Hoeven met with Lisa Mensah, who has been nominated to
serve as USDA's Under Secretary for Rural Development. The senator stressed the
importance of ensuring rural housing assistance programs are available to help
growing North Dakota communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Pingree announces over $600,000 in federal funding for Midcoast small businesses

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Chellie Pingree, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree announced todaythat the Midcoast Council of
Governments would receive a $105,000 grant and$500,000 loan from USDA Rural
Development through the Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP).

"This is a very exciting opportunity to provide small businesses in the Midcoast
with the capital and assistance they need to take their operations to the next
level and create new jobs. With funding being distributed to so many different
small businesses, this valuable investment will have a wide impact," said
Pingree. "My congratulations and appreciation go to Midcoast Council of
Governments for leading this important program."

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to organizations that, in turn, make microloans
to eligible small businesses with 10 or fewer employees for start-up or
development. RMAP grants are used by organizations to provide technical
assistance and training to micro-entrepreneurs.

Midcoast Council of Governments will use the funding to make microloans and
provide training to very small businesses inKnox, Lincoln, Sagadahoc,
Cumberland, and Waldo counties.

Northern Maine Development Commission will also receive a $500,000 RMAP grant
for microloans in Aroostook, Washington, Penobscot, and Piscataquis counties.

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "These USDA Rural
Development funds will have asignificant impact on business and economic
development in nine Maine counties, as well as a substantial impact on business
development and job creation and retention in Maine. Through relending of these
critical funds, a total of 68 small Maine businesses will be assisted and 165
jobs created or retained throughout our state."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 85920 - 85920
[FR DOC # 2016-28677]

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request November
23, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by December 29, 2016 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed
to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business Cooperative
Service Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants--7 CFR 4284-F. OMB Control
Number: 0570-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (as amended) (Pub. L. 107-171) authorizes the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants (RCDG) program. The program is administered
through State Rural Development Offices on behalf of the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS). The primary objective of the program is to improve
the economic condition of rural areas through cooperative development. Grant
funds are awarded on a competitive basis using a scoring system that gives
preference to applications that demonstrate a proven track record. The
applicants, who are non-profit corporations or institutions of higher education,
will provide information using various forms and supporting documentation. Need
and Use of the Information: Information is collected by RBS and Rural
Development State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and
grantees. RBS will use the information collected to evaluate the applicant's
ability to carry out the purposes of the program. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm funds are being
expended as approved and requests for advance or reimbursement to request
payment. If this information were not collected, RBS would have no basis on
which to evaluate the relative merit of each application. Description of
Respondents: Not for profit institutions. Number of Respondents: 55. Frequency
of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 6,342.
Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc.
2016-28677 Filed 11-28-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                          February 29, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£60m scheme to encourage entrepreneurs

BYLINE: EVA JONES

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 398 words


Businesses in rural England are to benefit from a new £60 million grant scheme
that will turn ambitious business plans into reality, Environment Secretary
Caroline Spelman announced this week.

Grants, which could be worth more than £1m each, will enable entrepreneurs in
rural areas to take life-changing opportunities to grow their businesses through
the Rural Economy Grant scheme, increasing both their competitiveness and
profits.

Successful applicants will receive up to 40 per cent of the cost of projects in
the five business areas of farm competitiveness, agri-food, tourism, forestry,
and micro enterprise support. Mrs Spelman said: "Businesses in rural England can
play a significant part in helping to rebuild the nation's finances.

From today, they have the chance to turn their most ambitious and innovative
business plans into a reality - boosting profits, supporting a thriving rural
economy and improving the natural environment.

"Our £60m investment will give farmers and rural entrepreneurs life-changing
oppor-tunities to transform their business prospects for the long term. It's
part of a £165m package of initiatives to unlock the economic potential of our
rural areas, which have been overlooked for too long."

The Rural Economy Grant scheme will enable businesses to maximise opportunities
in the increasing global demand for food. For instance, grants may be available
to help companies buy new processing and packing equipment, allowing them to
target new markets. Farmers will be able to apply for grants to improve animal
health and welfare and improve soil nutrients and water management.

To help rural and farming businesses take up new opportunities in the growing
tourism industry, they can also apply for funding for accommodation and visitor
services and activities. Grant support is also available to improve the
competitiveness, productivity and environmental efficiency of the forestry
sector.

The Rural Economy Grant scheme will prioritise support for small businesses in
Rural Growth Networks, a £15 million pilot project to help rural areas overcome
barriers to growth, such as a lack of suitable premises, and poor provision of
infrastructure such as superfast broadband and mobile networks.

This scheme is part of Defra's £100m investment in the Rural Development
Programme for England, which was announced in the Rural Economy Growth Review in
November 2011.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caroline Spelman wants to boost rural businesses

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WDP


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hays Daily News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

Rural Development recognizes partners

BYLINE: Ryan Christner, The Hays Daily News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 611 words


Jun. 18--Throughout the month of June, which nationally is recognized as
homeownership month, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development offices in
Kansas, and around the country, have been in the process of taking time to
recognize the many partnering businesses and organizations that assist in the
implementation of their programs.

"Just like the Hays-area office here, we want to recognize lenders, Realtors,
anyone who's a partner with us," said state Housing Programs Director Tim
Rogers. "We want to recognize the importance home ownership and the key to what
that is to economic recovery across the state."

Through its more than 40 loan and grant programs, USDA Rural Development
provides millions of dollars annually to help families -- who wouldn't otherwise
be able to -- buy, build or make repairs to a home, help rural-serving
businesses make large purchases or construct facilities and help fund community
development initiatives.

"We're the only federal agency ... that can literally build a community from the
ground up," Rogers said in reference to the agency's variety of programming,
which fund everything from underground water systems to above-ground
construction and telecommunications projects.

Despite being one of the smaller governmental agencies in the state, Rural
Development has a big effect on the lives of Kansans, delivering more than $250
million in programming annually.

One program in particular is seeing larger numbers than ever before.

Rogers said the agency's guaranteed rural housing loan program doled out $87
million in 2007, then a record $118.5 million last year. Last week, with the
second half of the year still to be taken into account, the program passed $120
million.

"So that tells you the demand for our programming," he said.

The popularity of that loan comes from its feature of offering 100 percent
financing.

"That's one of the very few programs across the country that would even do
that," Rogers said.

Another program that is expected to see growth is the rural energy loan grant.

Instituted only about three or four years ago, the grant is available to small
business owners, farmers and ranchers for the purpose of purchasing renewable
energy systems or to make energy efficiency improvements.

The application deadline for that program is July 31.

More than just a source for funds, Rural Development also provides technical
assistance, including community assessment, strategic planning, organizational
development and partnership building.

The Hays office teams with Consumer Credit Counseling Services in Salina to host
a homebuyer education class once a month at its office, 2715 Canterbury.

"A lot of your home loan programs require that the family participate in a home
buyer education piece before they can get the funds," Area Director Kent Colwell
said.

Rural Development has received federal stimulus money to increase the funding it
is able to provide to rural Kansas residents.

Although the national economic recession affected people living in large
metropolitan areas more than it did those living in places such as northwest
Kansas, Rural Development staff in Hays still encourages residents to gather
more information about their programs by stopping by their office or calling
(785) 628-3081.

To see more of The Hays Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hdnews.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hays Daily News, Kan. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090618-EZ-Rural-Development-recognizes-partners-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 30, 2013

Rural enterprise grant applications are due Feb. 22

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 217  words


Applications are currently being accepted for the Rural Business Enterprise
Grant (RBEG) for projected 2013 funding of the program. The Rural Development's
RBEG program provides grants for rural projects that finance and facilitate
development of small and emerging rural businesses, help fund distance learning
networks, and help fund employment related adult education programs. To assist
with business development,

RBEGs may fund a broad array of activities.

The deadline to submit RBEG applications in Georgia has been set for Friday,
February 22. The Federal Budget has not been approved and a Notice of Funds
Availability has not been issued for this program at this time however, due to
the need to be prepared for selecting and obligating projects in anticipation of
2013 funding, applications are now being accepted. In years past, RBEG state
allocated funds were due to be obligated by June 30th of the year of
application.

Rural public entities (towns, communities,

State agencies, and authorities), Indian tribes and rural private non-profit
corporations are eligible to apply for funding. At least 51 percent of the
outstanding interest in any project must have membership or be owned by U.S.
citizens or resident aliens. Applicants should contact their Rural Development
Area Office to apply.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Clinch County News


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

19 jobs to go in rural cutbacks

BYLINE: Ben Briggs

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: Lancashire Telegraph


NINETEEN jobs will be lost after an organisation that helps rural businesses
announced it was closing due to lack of funds.

Since 1999 Lancashire Rural Futures (LRF), which has offices in Clitheroe and
Leyland, has has helped farmers and rural entrepreneurs develop their business
ideas.

John Welbank, program manager at LRF, said the decision had been taken after it
failed to secure around £125,000 from the Northwest Regional Development Agency
(NWDA).

This cash, along with a similar amount from Lancashire County Council and
Business Link Lancashire, would have enabled LRF to keep going until further
funding was available via the Government's Rural Development Plan England in
January.

Mr Welbank said it was a sad way to end nine years of hard work.

He said: "The problem is that the funding coming in to rural areas is years
behind schedule.

"What we have done is help others to help themselves.

"We know there is enough demand out there for us to keep going but all that goes
out of the window now.

"We have helped a lot of schemes in rural areas. All that stops now."

Funding has traditionally come from Lancashire Economic Partnership but this
expires at the end of the month, meaning the NWDA funding was even more vital.

However, Mr Welbank said the funding refusal was because the organisation did
not fit within the NWDA's business agenda.

Richard Drinkall, of Backridge Farm, Waddington, scaled down his dairy herd in
2001 and converted several of his buildings into workshops which now house
around 20 business.

Mr Drinkall said his diversification scheme was done with the help and advice of
LRF.

He said: "Grants are going to continue to be available and Lancashire Rural
Futures will be sadly missed.

"They helped me apply for grants but I didn't reallise how much red tape there
was. It helped me understand all this, helped me with planning applications and
advised me on applying for grants.

"They were a great help for me."

Nigel Evans, MP for Ribble Valley has tabled an Early Day Motion in the house of
Commons protesting at the the closure.

He said: "I hope that the NWDA reconsiders its position on this matter."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              South Wales Guardian

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

Business in line for £1.2m boost

SECTION: AMMANFORD NEWS (SWG AMMANFORDNEWS)

LENGTH: 276 words


BUSINESSES in the Amman, Gwendraeth and Towy valleys could be set to benefit
from a new £1.2 million grant fund, it has been revealed this week.

The rural conversion grant, launched by Carmarthenshire Council, will let
eligible new or existing businesses convert redundant buildings for business
use.

This project has received funding through the rural development plan for Wales
which is funded by the Assembly and the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development and is supported by the council.

Applicants demonstrating a need for support can apply for up to 50 percent of
the eligible project cost.

Applications that will be considered must provide tangible benefits to the local
economy in terms of quantity and quality of direct jobs created or safeguarded
as a result of the grant.

Physical regeneration project officer Mike Bull said: "The scheme is now
welcoming applications and our team will be able to provide full support during
the application process to guide people through in the hope that their
applications will be successful."

Cllr Clive Scourfield, executive board member for regeneration, said: "The rural
conversion grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities."

For further information about the grant call Mr Bull on 01267 242338 or e-mail
MABull@carmarthen shire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Buckingham and Winslow Advertiser

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Grants for rural businesses on offer

LENGTH: 176  words


Rural businesses are invited to apply for grants of up to £50,000 from LEADER,
which has more than £5 million on offer between now and 2020 in the Chilterns,
Clay Vales and North & West Northamptonshire LEADER areas.

LEADER is part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE). The LEADER
programme has been designed to promote micro and small business growth. It is
focused on rural areas supporting small rural companies, farm diversification
projects, forestry projects, tourism projects, rural services and cultural and
heritage projects.

Boycott Farm Shop, at Stowe, benefited from a £45,000 LEADER grant during the
last round of LEADER funding in 2011.

Owner Richard Hilsdon said: "On high days and holidays, the tea room gets very
busy. It's great but back in 2010 we were running out of space.

"The LEADER grant helped us purchase equipment, a new marquee and building
material. The tea room now opens onto a new terrace which offers fantastic
countryside views."

For more information, visit www.leader-programme.org.uk or call 01494 568969.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCBW


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 4, 2003 Tuesday

Grant to fund CareerTech online learning system

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


The Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education has received a
$300,000 federal grant to continue to develop an online learning system to
increase economic development in rural Oklahoma.

The project has six targeted communities: Bennington, Coalgate, Durant,
Healdton, Wetumka and Wewoka, according to David Jinks, manager of educational
technology resources. The grant, administered by the U.S. Department of Labor,
Employment and Training Administration, will fund the Rural Employee Advancement
Challenge, or Reach, project.

"The purpose is to further the work of the Rural Education Virtual Tech job
training program and assist six rural communities in their local economic
development projects," Jinks said.

Rural Education Virtual Tech is an economic development project to assist rural
communities recruit new and expanding businesses.

"The project is targeting firms in the information technology,
telecommunications and manufacturing areas," Jinks said. "The new grant funding
will be used to continue implementation of the CareerTech Learning Network,
introduce new targeted industries to the six communities, and provide customized
training to the rural work force."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               November 27, 1999

Business aid deadline

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Pg.3

LENGTH: 533 words


BUSINESSES in rural Angus are being urged to take advantage of a council grants
scheme. The Angus Rural Grants Scheme is available to help the development of
new and small businesses. Grants range from GBP 500 to GBP 5,000 up to a maximum
of 50% of project costs. The money is available for a variety of purposes
including purchase of production equipment and machinery, property expansion,
and production development. Applications for funding should be made through the
Business Shop Angus on 01241 870563 (e-mail reception@bsang.co.uk) before
December 31.

Concert series

A SERIES of free public concerts and recitals are being held next month at the
McManus Galleries, Dundee. The programme begins on December 11 with seasonal
songs from Paul Dixon. On December 12, there will be seasonal choirworks by
Chansons Singers, and on December 18, the Cadence Duo will present guitar songs
for Christmas and the millennium. All the events take place at 2pm and will last
about an hour, with a short break.

Angus Artists

THE seventh Angus Artists Xmas Extravaganza opens to the public today in the
Meffan, Forfar. The exhibition shows the work of professional and
non-professional artists who either live, work or were born in Angus. It has
attracted hundreds of works which have been hung in both the ground floor and
first floor galleries. The show continues until January 8. Admission is free.

Craft fair

A CHRISTMAS Craft Fair is being held in Letham village hall this weekend in aid
of the Heritage Society of Scotland. The fair runs from 10am-4pm today and from
11am-4pm tomorrow. It features everything from children's clothes and jewellery
to pottery and woodturning, and has been arranged by the Letham branch of the
SNP.

Film festival

A FRENCH Film Festival is running until Wednesday at the Dundee Contemporary
Arts Centre. The centre's cinema director, Thomas Gerstenmeyer, said: "After
last month's hugely popular German Film Festival, Dundee has proved its interest
and love of interesting and exciting European films, and I am sure people will
enjoy seeing the best France has to offer." The listing is as follows: Tonight,
6.30pm - Hometown; Sunday, 6.30pm - A Minute Of Silence; Monday, 8.45pm - A
Considerable Disturbance; Tuesday, 8.45pm - Night Wind; Wednesday, 8.45pm - Dry
Cleaning.

Professor dies

STAFF and students at Dundee University are mourning the death of Professor
Salim Kemal. The head of the Department of Philosophy, Prof Kemal, 51, died at
his home. He is survived by his wife, Jane, and two children. University
principal Ian Graham -Bryce said: "Professor Kemal was a highly respected
scholar and philosopher. He will be sadly missed." Professor Kemal had been at
the university since 1995. A memorial service will be held early in the new
year.

In the frame

MONTROSE artist Mary-Annie Burn has six works on show at an exhibition in
England. Yorkshire-born Mrs Burn, 72, has contributed to the British Watercolour
Society Christmas Exhibition for the 22nd year. The exhibition, at Ilkley, West
Yorkshire, runs from today until next Sunday. Last month Mrs Burn staged a
one-woman exhibition, A View of Life, at the conference centre in Arbroath.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Calhoun-Liberty Journal (Bristol, Florida)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 23, 2012

Calhoun Co. acquires land & tower for broadband network

BYLINE: The Calhoun-Liberty Journal staff

LENGTH: 620  words


Calhoun County officials and representatives of various local agencies including
the Calhoun County School Board met together recently to forge an historic
agreement that is expected to bring a new level of Internet and data services to
northwest Florida.

Opportunity Florida and its Florida Rural Broadband Alliance (FRBA) closed on
the purchase of five acres of property and a communications tower near
Clarksville as one of the initial steps toward the construction of the FRBA
broadband network.

Key players in the tower acquisition included several local business leaders and
the Maurice Partrich family, who sold the land, and the Calhoun County Sheriff's
Office, who sold the tower they previously used.

The network, made possible through a federal National Telecommunication and
Information Administration (NTIA) grant to Opportunity Florida and its sister
organization, the Florida Rural Heartland Economic Development Initiative, will
provide enhanced data and communication access to local communities, businesses,
schools, hospitals and public agencies.

The Florida Rural Broadband Alliance is being constructed in Calhoun and
Liberty, Jackson, Washington, Holmes, Gulf, Franklin and Gadsden that are
members of Opportunity Florida, a business development organization operated to
support the economic development efforts throughout this "Rural Area of Critical
Economic Concern." The FRBA system will be deployed as a wireless system
offering high capacity, lower priced wholesale data across a series of towers
and interconnections to tier one fiber buried along major data transport
corridors and data centers within the region. A primary goal of the FRBA project
is to create a data backbone which will be constructed to provide comprehensive
service to under-served areas.

Purchase of the communication tower which was leased to the Calhoun County
Sheriff's Department, along with the purchase of adjoining property, was made
possible with a Rural Infrastructure Grant through the Florida Department of
Economic Opportunity (formerly OTTED). The tower will be connected to a Level
Three, Inc.-owned fiber network and data center located along SR 20 near the
community of Clarksville, west of Blountstown. From the Clarksville tower, data
will routed to other tower mounted dishes throughout the region.

Opportunity Florida, recipient of the Rural Infrastructure Grant, will deed the
tower to the Calhoun County District Schools. FRBA will market and manage the
tower which is expected to generate revenue forthenet-work, Opportunity Florida
and, eventually, the Calhoun County School District. Other tower acquisitions,
including a near Chipola College are expected within the region over the next
several months with the DEO Rural Infrastructure Grant. Within the terms of that
grant, the towers are to be publicly owned and provide needed infrastructure to
rural areas.

Patrich and his family were on hand with Calhoun County school board member and
broker Danny Ryals, Sheriff David Tatum and Opportunity Florida/FRBA board
members Vicki Montford, Johnny Eubanks and Kristy Terry. Terry is also executive
director for the Calhoun County Chamber of Commerce.

Chairman Johnny Eubanks, along with Opportunity Florida staff thanked both
Sheriff Tatum and the Patrich family. "Danny Ryals stepped up to the plate to
get the job done," said Opportunity Florida board member and local banker Vicki
Montford. "He and Sheriff Tatum jumped right on to make the project happen."

Construction of the entire FRBA network should be completed within the first
quarter of 2013 with service available to last mile retail providers and public
community anchor institutions made available as the system is incrementally
completed.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Calhoun-Liberty Journal


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Yorkshire Post

                                January 17, 2008

Funding go-ahead to give boost to rural businesses

LENGTH: 410 words


A FUNDING programme worth more than £9m for rural businesses in Yorkshire has
been given the go ahead by the EU Commission.

Grants will be available to farmers and rural entrepreneurs to support the
start-up of new businesses and the growth of existing enterprises. The fund will
also support skills development in rural areas and help communities to make the
most of their local heritage and cultural assets.

The money is being made available through the Rural Development Programme for
England, which is jointly funded by Defra and the European Union, and is managed
by Yorkshire Forward in the Yorkshire and Humber region.

Outline plans for the £9.5m fund have been in place since July 2006 and
Yorkshire Forward has already received applications for support.

However the organisation is encouraging more people to consider applying now
that funding has formally been approved.

Andy Tordoff, head of Rural Renaissance and Tourism at Yorkshire Forward, said:
"More than 80 per cent of our region is rural, so it is vital we support the
growth of businesses in our rural communities if we are to grow the region's
economy as a whole.

"The RDPE programme will help us to achieve this through a number of elements.
The first will provide grants of up to £10,000 to support the start-up of new
businesses in rural parts of our region, which is vital if our rural economy is
to continue to grow. This could mean a completely new business idea or an
existing farm developing a new way of supplementing its income.

"The second element will support existing rural businesses that are looking to
grow or improve their efficiency and grants for this will start at £25,000. We
are particularly keen to work with those involved in upland livestock."

Both the funds will be delivered through the region's Business Link service, in
partnership with the Growing Routes programme - an initiative which aims to help
people under 45 in the rural community to make a start in business

"In addition, businesses and communities can apply for funding through LANTRA,
the land based sector skills council, to improve their skills base. Partnerships
are being formed across the region to deliver initiatives that will maximise the
potential of cultural assets, which can help attract new visitors to an area,"
Mr Tordoff added.

Businesses interested in applying for funding from the RDPE should contact their
local adviser, who will be able to provide advice and support in making an
application.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Enterprise Record (Chico, California)

                           October 27, 2004 Wednesday

New network could help communities, businesses

BYLINE: LAURA URSENY Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 573 words


Chico hosted the kickoff of a statewide program that is expected to provide a
clearinghouse for local, state and federal assistance to communities,
organizations and businesses.

Paul Venosdel of the U.S. Department of Agricutlure's Davis office handed over a
one-time $49,000 federal check to two north state entities last week in order to
help launch the program.

Dan Ripke of Chico State Univerisity's Center for Economic Development and Betty
Riley of Auburn-based Sierra Economic Development District accepted the grant
that will launch Rural-CAN Rural California Action Network.

Focused only to help California's rural areas, the network's purpose is to stand
ready to provide assistance to communities, governments, private and nonprivate
corporations, federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members
who are primarily residents and that conduct activities for mutual benefit of
the members.

In order to do that, the program hopes to improve coordination and cooperation
between federal, state and local government entities and organizations.

"This is a brand-new idea," said Venosdel, state director of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, which has a rural area assistance division.

"This is an effort to help build things, to put financial resources into local
efforts," said Venosdel, who mentioned infrastructure financing, expenditures
like police cars, general plan assistance and building construction.

There are a tremendous amount of government programs, but it's hard for users
like communities to know about them, Venosdel said.

Rural-CAN would supposedly provide the bridge between programs and users,
Venosdel said.

"The biggest hurdle to rural areas is to find out where funding programs are
available. The access may be there, but it's cumbersome," he explained.

Riley, who wrote the grant proposal, said that 75 percent of California's
counties are rural, yet assistance to them is available but hard to locate.

Rural-CAN is replacing the defunct California Rural Development Council, but
should be more in tune with rural needs, Ripke said.

Noting problems in the past, Rural-CAN is not intended to establish projects on
its own or become a bureaucracy.

"It will support and facilitate the needs of the members, in this case, the
existing development organizations and agencies already working in the rural
areas," said the proposal.

While the grant funding is one-time only, Venosdel said there are an assortment
of federal and state funding sources that can be tapped for projects.

The idea also is for development organizations and entities to share ideas and
successes throughout California's rural areas.

Venosdel said this and other funding is further proof of federal support for
rural areas.

"Here in California, the administration is seen an increase in total dollars,
from $240 million in 2001 to $400 million in fiscal 2004," he said.

Ripke said communities and individuals will access Rural-Can through Riley's
office.

BACKGROUND: There is not a single directory or information source that combines
local, state and federal resources designed for rural areas.

THE NEWS: A new stateside program launched in Chico and involving the Center for
Economic Development at Chico State University hopes to bridge that gap.

WHAT'S NEXT: The center and an Auburn-based economic development entities will
be starting to compile resources.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 17, 2014
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.

Examples of funded projects include:

For a TV campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of buying fresh,
locally produced foods and to develop a local food economy
    To construct a pavillion in a local farmers market area to enable year-round
operation
    To provide environmental, economic, and social health planning assistance
related to the development of a coal mine
    To conduct a feasibility study to help tribal members grow and sell organic
food to the local community
    To provide technical assistance to tribal enterprises and Native American
businesses, including financial and job skills training.
    To provide technical assistance to active lifestyle companies and
organizations

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Public bodies
    Nonprofit corporations
    Institutions of higher education
    Indian tribes on federal or state reservations and other federally
recognized tribal groups
    Cooperatives with members that are primarily rural residents

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Program Funding: $2,250,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 17, 2014.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 13, 2014.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Capital
funding, Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Job
training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 17, 2014
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.

Examples of funded projects include:

For a TV campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of buying fresh,
locally produced foods and to develop a local food economy
    To construct a pavillion in a local farmers market area to enable year-round
operation
    To provide environmental, economic, and social health planning assistance
related to the development of a coal mine
    To conduct a feasibility study to help tribal members grow and sell organic
food to the local community
    To provide technical assistance to tribal enterprises and Native American
businesses, including financial and job skills training.
    To provide technical assistance to active lifestyle companies and
organizations

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Public bodies
    Nonprofit corporations
    Institutions of higher education
    Indian tribes on federal or state reservations and other federally
recognized tribal groups
    Cooperatives with members that are primarily rural residents

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Program Funding: $2,250,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 17, 2014.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 13, 2014.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Capital
funding, Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Job
training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 17, 2014
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.

Examples of funded projects include:

For a TV campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of buying fresh,
locally produced foods and to develop a local food economy
    To construct a pavillion in a local farmers market area to enable year-round
operation
    To provide environmental, economic, and social health planning assistance
related to the development of a coal mine
    To conduct a feasibility study to help tribal members grow and sell organic
food to the local community
    To provide technical assistance to tribal enterprises and Native American
businesses, including financial and job skills training.
    To provide technical assistance to active lifestyle companies and
organizations

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Public bodies
    Nonprofit corporations
    Institutions of higher education
    Indian tribes on federal or state reservations and other federally
recognized tribal groups
    Cooperatives with members that are primarily rural residents

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Program Funding: $2,250,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 17, 2014.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 13, 2014.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Capital
funding, Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Job
training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 17, 2014
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.

Examples of funded projects include:

For a TV campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of buying fresh,
locally produced foods and to develop a local food economy
    To construct a pavillion in a local farmers market area to enable year-round
operation
    To provide environmental, economic, and social health planning assistance
related to the development of a coal mine
    To conduct a feasibility study to help tribal members grow and sell organic
food to the local community
    To provide technical assistance to tribal enterprises and Native American
businesses, including financial and job skills training.
    To provide technical assistance to active lifestyle companies and
organizations

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Public bodies
    Nonprofit corporations
    Institutions of higher education
    Indian tribes on federal or state reservations and other federally
recognized tribal groups
    Cooperatives with members that are primarily rural residents

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Program Funding: $2,250,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 17, 2014.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 13, 2014.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Capital
funding, Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Job
training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 17, 2014
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.

Examples of funded projects include:

For a TV campaign, designed to raise awareness of the benefits of buying fresh,
locally produced foods and to develop a local food economy
    To construct a pavillion in a local farmers market area to enable year-round
operation
    To provide environmental, economic, and social health planning assistance
related to the development of a coal mine
    To conduct a feasibility study to help tribal members grow and sell organic
food to the local community
    To provide technical assistance to tribal enterprises and Native American
businesses, including financial and job skills training.
    To provide technical assistance to active lifestyle companies and
organizations

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Public bodies
    Nonprofit corporations
    Institutions of higher education
    Indian tribes on federal or state reservations and other federally
recognized tribal groups
    Cooperatives with members that are primarily rural residents

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Program Funding: $2,250,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 17, 2014.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 13, 2014.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Capital
funding, Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Job
training and adult education, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Federal funds available for renewable energy projects [5:35 p.m.]

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


ALBUQUERQUE   U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is accepting
applications for the purchase and installation of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements under the Rural Energy for America Program, the
agency announced today.



Applications for this funding can be made by farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers, as well as owners of rural small businesses in
communities of less than 50,000 people.

"This funding is helping small rural businesses, farmers and ranchers reduce
their energy consumption and conserve natural resources, which in the long run
will help reduce our reliance on foreign oil," USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner said in announcing the program.

"Here in New Mexico the REAP program has proven it is an effective, easy way to
upgrade and replace outdated, inefficient energy systems such as heaters and air
conditioners or to fund renewable-energy projects."

Last year, the Haley pecan farm near Roswell was the recipient of REAP funding.
Now the farm's 1,500 solar voltaic panels provide enough solar power to run the
farm's irrigation pumps and to sell extra energy to the utility.

Other New Mexico projects include solar panels on a chiropractor's office in
Raton, a wind turbine for a convenience store in Vaughn, solar panels on a
storage unit company and a pecan farm in Deming, and energy-efficient
evaporative coolers in Santa Rosa.

The Rural Energy for America program provides grant and loan guarantees for the
purchase and installation of renewable energy systems (wind, solar, geothermal,
hybrid) and energy efficiency improvements (more efficient lighting, heating,
air conditioning, lighting; adding insulation; installing more energy-efficient
doors and windows).

Funding for the purchase and installation part of REAP can provide a grant for
up to 25 percent or a loan guarantee to cover up to 75 percent of the total
eligible costs of the project.

A grant/loan guarantee combination can cover up to 75 percent of the total
project cost.

Additionally, REAP provides grants of up to $100,000 for public bodies, tribes
and nonprofits, including rural electric cooperatives, to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance for rural small businesses and
agricultural producers.

REAP cannot fund projects involving residences, tillage equipment, or vehicles.

For more information on this program or to receive an application, contact Jesse
Monfort Bopp by phone at (505) 761-4952 or (505) 761-4953, or by email at
jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Economic Development Commission to apply for entrepreneurship grant

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


June 17--SUNBURG -- Hoping to harness the forces of a changing economy, the
Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar Economic Development Commission will seek a
$100,000 federal grant promoting entrepreneurship.

Members of the EDC joint operating board voted Thursday to apply for the rural
development grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The board's action came during a meeting at the Kaffestua in Sunburg, the first
in a series of EDC board meetings this summer that will be held around Kandiyohi
County to foster more conversations about how the EDC can help with local
economic development.

"It is important to get out and talk to the people in the communities. We work
for you too," said Steve Renquist, executive director of the Economic
Development Commission.

Thursday's meeting in Sunburg drew a turnout from local business owners and
members of the city council who spoke of their frustration with expensive,
burdensome regulations that hamstring what small towns can do in both the public
and private sectors.

Scott Jorgenson, of the Sunburg City Council and a business owner, said local
businesses were financially devastated when the reconstruction of former Highway
104 through town left the road closed for two years.

The result was "a beautiful road" but the individual cost was enormous, he said.
"We had no business. Our town was deserted. It took every dollar I had."

While the EDC has little role in regulation, it can help by supporting existing
businesses and pursuing new opportunities, Renquist said. "What we try and do is
create the environment... Sometimes prospering is just not losing ground."

The USDA grant is one of the EDC's latest efforts at providing resources to
stimulate the economy.

If the grant application is approved, the money will help fund a feasibility
study on the creation of a local entrepreneurship center, along with some
training, said Jean Spaulding, assistant director of the Economic Development
Commission.

Traditional jobs are shrinking and being replaced with what's known as a "1099
economy," or one of entrepreneurs, consultants and small businesses, many of
whom work at home or telecommute, Spaulding said.

It's an opportunity for rural communities to find ways to foster small-business
entrepreneurship, support this growing sector of the economy and provide them
with training and resources, she said.

The entrepreneurship center is "a concept at this point," Spaulding said. One of
the goals of a feasibility study will be to create a model that can eventually
become self-sustaining, she said. "If it's a template, it could be picked up and
scaled to different communities."

Proposed partners in the project include Ridgewater College, the Southwest
Initiative Foundation, the BioBusiness Alliance of Minnesota and local
entrepreneurs.

There's no guarantee the Economic Development Commission will receive the grant,
Spaulding said. "It's a federal grant so there's going to be applicants from all
over the country. There's always the chance we're not going to get it."

But sending in an application could help Kandiyohi County position itself for
the evolution taking place in the economy and the job market, she said. "This is
an opportunity for us to embrace it."

___ (c)2013 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130617-YM-Economic-Development
-Commission-to-apply-for-entrepreneurship-grant-0617-20130617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2013 West Central Tribune


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                     February 24, 2005, Thursday Edition 1

We put energy into rural firms

BYLINE: By The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 47

LENGTH: 664 words


   A successful grants scheme in the North-East is drawing to a close within the
next few months and has 250,000 in grants to allocate before June.

Energy for Enterprise is urging businesses and farm diversifications throughout
Northumberland, County Durham, and Redcar and Cleveland to apply for funding
before time runs out and any left over money is returned to Brussels.

Energy for Enterprise is aimed at rural and market town businesses that have
problems with their power supplies. Inadequate power is a problem for many rural
businesses, and can be a real bar to success and expansion. Energy for
Enterprise has already helped many businesses, but still has funds left to help
more.

The funding comes from the European Regional Development Fund, with additional
funding and support from the Regional Development Fund, and county, district and
borough councils around the region.

Energy for Enterprise can give grants of up to 50pc for the costs of improving a
business's energy supply. This could be installing or upgrading mains
electricity connections, off-grid systems and renewable energy equipment,
including wind turbines, solar panels, wood burning boilers and ground source
heat systems.

In awarding grants, preference is given to businesses that will safeguard or
increase their work force and increase turnover. Energy for Enterprise can help
small and medium sized businesses those with fewer than 250 employees.

Businesses helped so far include farm diversifications, computer consultancies,
quarries, caravan parks, manufacturers, boarding kennels, and tourist
accommodation. Working from home is not a barrier to a grant either. Already,
780,000-worth of work has been grant-aided.

In addition to providing grants, Energy for Enterprise offers heavily subsidised
advice and professional consultancy. This allows small business to benefit from
feasibility studies and detailed reports at a fraction of the usual cost.

Feasibility studies can include district heating schemes, the installation of
equipment such as wood-burning boilers, and ground source heat pumps. Energy for
Enterprise will also produce free mini reports for businesses, if paid
consultancy is not required.

Although businesses have until November to have all funded work completed, it is
important that applications are submitted as soon as possible, because it is
usual for work to take several months to complete. Energy for Enterprise is keen
to make sure that no one who needs assistance is missed because of time
shortages or not knowing about the scheme.

Applications are encouraged from all rural businesses in Northumberland, County
Durham, and Redcar and Cleveland, that have any energy problems or issues, and
the Energy for Enterprise team will give each applicant full support and
guidance.

Grant recipients so far all report that installing extra power has made a big
difference to their business, which they would not have been able to afford
without grant assistance.

One business that has used the scheme with great success is Elite Grooming, run
by Christine Batey, of Wark. Elite Grooming is a small business now in its
seventh year and provides a complete pet grooming service.

Christine said: "Three years ago I moved the business to a smallholding in Wark
Forest which had no mains services, and relied on an old diesel generator for
power.

"With the Energy for Enterprise grant system I was able to install a renewable
energy system, comprising of a one kilowatt wind turbine and a 16- panel solar
array producing up to another two kilowatts of power.

"The funding provided towards the cost of installation of the environmentally
friendly energy supply has meant the continuation of a rural business, keeping
the pampered pets of the North Tyne and surrounding areas looking their best!"

For information on Elite Grooming's services, call Christine: [01434] 230738.
Energy for Enterprise: [01670] 516949 or efe§northenergy.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Mikulski, Cardin Announce Federal Grant for New Snow Plow in Caroline County

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin (both D-Md.) today announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDARD) has awarded a
$37,500 grant to the town of Union Bridge in Carroll County for a one-ton plow
and dump truck to be used as a public works vehicle and snow plow.

"USDA Rural Development grants and loans have a profound effect on Maryland and
our rural communities," Senator Mikulski said. "These funds in the federal
checkbook will ensure the residents of Union Bridge are better prepared when
severe weather strikes. By investing in Carroll County's highways and byways, we
are investing in the safety and security of Maryland families and businesses."

"Rural Marylanders deserve to have roads that are smooth in the summer and clear
in the winter, and this federal grant will help ensure that those who live in
western Carroll County have both," Senator Cardin said. "USDA investments like
these in our local communities promote productivity and public safety."

The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools. It has a
$181.1 billion portfolio of loans and will administer $38 billion in loans, loan
guarantees and grants through our programs in the current fiscal year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Mikulski, Cardin Announce Federal Grant for New Snow Plow in Caroline County

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin (both D-Md.) today announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDARD) has awarded a
$37,500 grant to the town of Union Bridge in Carroll County for a one-ton plow
and dump truck to be used as a public works vehicle and snow plow.

"USDA Rural Development grants and loans have a profound effect on Maryland and
our rural communities," Senator Mikulski said. "These funds in the federal
checkbook will ensure the residents of Union Bridge are better prepared when
severe weather strikes. By investing in Carroll County's highways and byways, we
are investing in the safety and security of Maryland families and businesses."

"Rural Marylanders deserve to have roads that are smooth in the summer and clear
in the winter, and this federal grant will help ensure that those who live in
western Carroll County have both," Senator Cardin said. "USDA investments like
these in our local communities promote productivity and public safety."

The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools. It has a
$181.1 billion portfolio of loans and will administer $38 billion in loans, loan
guarantees and grants through our programs in the current fiscal year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

USDA grants benefit Jasper County towns

BYLINE: Eloria Newell James, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 971 words


May 10--JASPER COUNTY -- Jasper County officials say the USDA Rural Development
grants will be a boost to the quality of life in two of their rural communities.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced recently two Jasper County towns
will reap the benefits of an announcement that included 17 projects in
Mississippi, which totaled $16,720,202.

"The projects announced span the geography of Mississippi from top to bottom and
from east to west," said Trina George, state director for USDA Rural Development
in Mississippi. "From big projects like funding for an industrial park in
Lowndes County to smaller projects like police cars and library equipment in
numerous rural communities, each of these 17 projects will help improve life for
rural Mississippians. Taken as a whole, this announcement shows the high level
of interest in rural Mississippi held by President Barack Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack."

In Bay Springs, a $55,000 grant will go toward helping to build a senior
citizens building and in the Town of Heidelberg, a $51,000 grant will go to
purchase two police cars.

The 135 projects in 40 states, Puerto Rico and the Western Pacific are being
financed through $234 million in loans and grants from USDA Rural Development's
Community Facilities Program. Eligible projects include essential community
facilities for public use in rural areas such as fire protection, safety, health
care, education and many other community needs.

"USDA's support for these projects reflects our commitment to ensuring that
rural communities can create jobs, attract businesses and provide necessary
services to their residents," Vilsack said. "USDA Rural Development continues to
work with rural communities to help them develop quality health care services,
modern library facilities and school buildings, and reliable first responder
equipment and services to ensure that people who live in rural areas have access
to critical infrastructure."

Smith said the USDA $55,000 grant, along with a recently awarded $100,000 Small
Municipality and Limited Populations Grant, the City of Bay Springs will be able
to construct a senior citizens building.

Smith said the seniors currently meets in the Bay Springs City Hall once a week.
However, he said, the new building would give the seniors more opportunities to
get together and share with others.

"It will be a great place for our senior citizens to meet and just enjoy
themselves," the mayor said. "Because of the funding we've received, we hope to
be able to put this project out for bids as soon as engineers complete the plans
and specifications."

Heidelberg Mayor Juan Barnett said the USDA Grant is allowing the town to
"purchase vehicles we might otherwise not be able to buy."

"This grant helps us out a lot. With money being as tight as it is, it's
allowing us to buy something new," Barnett said. "We have four police cars now,
but some of them are older vehicles with a lot of miles on them. This grant is
allowing us to get vehicles we wouldn't otherwise be able to purchase."

George said he's proud of the amount of funding the state received in the
federal allocations.

"To say that Mississippi got its fair share of the funding announced would be an
understatement," noted George. "My appreciation goes to the Obama Administration
and to our state's congressional delegation, as well as to each of the local
community leaders that my staff and I worked with to pursue this funding."

Other Mississippi projects funded through the program are: Quitman County Board
of Supervisors will receive $18,000 grant to purchase a new sheriff patrol car;
Rosemary's Daycare & Learning Center will receive $41,722 direct loan and
$20,550 grant to construct a child care facility; the City of Okolona will
receive a $76,472 grant to renovate the Okolona Carnegie Library; Town of Maben
will receive a $60,000 grant to construct a town hall; Northside Haven
Association, Inc. will receive a $70,450 grant to purchase a passenger van,
pickup truck, and generator; Pearl River Valley Opportunity, Inc. will get a
$3,000,000 direct loan to build a new Head Start center; Lowndes County Board of
Supervisors will receive a $13,000,000 direct loan to purchase land for an
industrial park; the City of Mound Bayou will receive a $71,000 grant to
purchase three police cars; the Town of Walnut will get a $60,000 grant to
purchase an excavator and generator for the fire department and street
department; the Town of Bassfield will receive a $39,797 grant to purchase two
police cars; the City of Hazlehurst will receive a $68,264 grant to replace the
roof on city hall; the City of Morton will receive a $25,696 grant to resurface
streets; the Town of Pickens will receive a$19,452 grant to purchase a police
car; the Town of Shuqualak will receive a $15,000 grant to purchase a police
car; and the Town of Vardaman will receive a $27,499 grant to paint the exterior
and purchase equipment for the Edmondson Memorial Library.

USDA Rural Development administers and manages housing, business and community
infrastructure and facility programs through a national network of state and
local offices.

These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America. For additional information about the agency's programs
or to locate the USDA Rural Development office nearest you visit the agency's
website at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110510-LH-USDA-grants-benefit-Jasper-County-towns-0510-20110510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Campaign Series

                             March 27, 2009 Friday

Rural industries get Caerphilly grant boost

SECTION: CAERPHILLY NEWS (CAM NEWS CAERPHILLY)

LENGTH: 135 words


Rural tourism, local produce and recreation projects in Caerphilly borough will
benefit from two new grant programmes.

The Rural Industry and Produce Innovation Grant will fund capital and revenue
projects, developing new ideas and products involving local food, timber, craft
and rural skills, marketing, promotion and fostering a buy local attitude.

The Tourism and Recreation Advancement Fund will develop new activities and
services to enhance the area's rural environment and heritage.

Areas in which businesses can apply for grants include Crumlin, Ynysddu,
Maesycwmmer, Newbridge and Abercarn.

The grants will run until 2011 and are part funded through the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and administered by Caerphilly council.

Businesses interested can contact Louise Brock on 01443 838632.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                  May 31, 2012

Communities offered EUR 150,000 in grant aid

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Wexford Local Development (WLD has urged communities and businesses across the
county to avail of up to EUR 150,000 in grant aid under the National Rural
Development Programme (NRDP).

At a recent board meeting, WLD representatives presented plaques to several
community groups and rural businesses who have received over EUR 50k in grant
aid under the National Rural Development Programme.

To date the programme has allocated almost EUR 6 million in funding to over 300
projects around the county.

The programme now offers grant support at a rate of 75 per cent for both
business and community based projects. This represents an unprecedented
opportunity to avail of funding at this rate.

If you have a project idea and would like to discuss your proposal with a
Project Officer or find out more about the Programme, please contact one of our
Project Officers in Wexford Local Development on 053 9155880.

Community groups and businesses who were presented with plaques included:
Knockingall Community Centre - Piercestown which developed a new community
facility in Piercestown. Kia Ora Mini Farm - Gorey developed its farm catering
for the family and school tour markets.

Askamore Community Development which transformed their existing busy centre into
a brand new community facility that now caters to the local growing demands.

Barnadown Equestrian Centre further enhanced their fantastic facility.

This entailed upgrading works and the provision of onsite accommodation that has
greatly benefited the business resulting in job creation and increased visitor
numbers to the rural tourism sector of our model county.

Kilanerin/Ballyfad Community Development Group represents the amalgamation of
five communities to include Kilanerin, Ballyfad, Ballythomas, Annagh and
Hollyfort. WLD has worked with this group to develop a number of successful
projects within these areas.

County Wexford Community Workshop Enniscorthy provides day and residential
services to 400 people with disabilities and continues to identify the needs of
the disabled and develop programmes aimed at meeting those needs.

The project allowed the facility to extend their services and in turn creating
additional jobs in the area.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

GSW receives USDA Rural Development funds for nursing

BYLINE: Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


Nov. 09--AMERICUS -- Patricia Simmons of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development met Friday, Nov. 5 with the board of trustees at the
Georgia Southwestern Foundation Inc., to celebrate a grant for $99,999 to the
Georgia Southwestern State University School of Nursing.

"This grant will allow Georgia Southwestern to increase the number of graduates
of the bachelor of science in nursing program by 50 percent," Simmons said.
"Nurses are critically needed, especially in rural areas."

The objective for this funding will provide equipment for GSW nursing and help
simulate, in as real a way as possible, a true medical environment. Grant funds
are to be used for 10 patient simulators with software; two DVD players with
numerous software and DVD presentations for patient care; five electric patient
beds; two advanced injection simulator arms with replacement vein kits; a demo
dose dispensing medication cart; an infant simulator with two touch screen
monitors and computer control access and tablet PCs; an infusion kit; one
defibrillator; and other patient simulator components.

"I am pleased to accept this most generous grant for rural job development in
southwest Georgia," said Boyce E. (Stick) Miller III, GSW Foundation executive
director. "The critical need for nurses and trained medical professionals in
poor and underserved areas of our state has never been greater. Mrs. Simmons has
been most helpful in working with our School of Nursing and with the Georgia
Southwestern Foundation to make this grant a reality."

Funds come from USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise Grant. These
funds are designed to stimulate the economy, assist the business community and
create jobs. Medical and health care professions are acutely needed in rural
areas, and those jobs come with higher salaries.

Nursing students studying at Georgia Southwestern come mostly from Crisp, Dooly,
Macon, Schley and Sumter  counties. Each of these counties showed dramatic
unemployment rate increases between 2008 and 2010.

For additional grant information, please call (229) 931-2037.

To see more of the Americus Times-Recorder, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.americustimesrecorder.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Americus
Times-Recorder, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101109-AF-GSW-receives-USDA-Rural-Development
-funds-for-nursing-1109-20101109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                     Copyright 2010 Americus Times Recorder


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South Wales Argus

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday

Rural industries get Caerphilly grant boost

BYLINE: South Wales Argus Newsdesk

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (SWA NEWS)

LENGTH: 135 words


Rural tourism, local produce and recreation projects in Caerphilly borough will
benefit from two new grant programmes.

The Rural Industry and Produce Innovation Grant will fund capital and revenue
projects, developing new ideas and products involving local food, timber, craft
and rural skills, marketing, promotion and fostering a buy local attitude.

The Tourism and Recreation Advancement Fund will develop new activities and
services to enhance the area's rural environment and heritage.

Areas in which businesses can apply for grants include Crumlin, Ynysddu,
Maesycwmmer, Newbridge and Abercarn.

The grants will run until 2011 and are part funded through the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and administered by Caerphilly council.

Businesses interested can contact Louise Brock on 01443 838632.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester mercury

                               February 14, 2002

Tourism offered cash backing

BYLINE: P. Kane

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 176 words


Tourism firms from across the Coalville and Ashby area are being urged to ensure
they don't miss out on their slice of a GBP 20,000 cash offer. North West
Leicestershire District Council is offering businesses in the tourist sector the
chance to improve their services by applying for a tourism development grant.

The fund has been boosted by an additional GBP 10,000, which was funded by the
East Midlands Development Agency, in a bid to lift the industry after the
foot-and-mouth crisis.

Joanne Cooper, tourism and promotions officer for the district council, said:
"We've received additional grant money from the East Midlands Development Agency
this year to help rural businesses after the foot-and-mouth crisis.

"I have had a lot of interest but tourism businesses are being slow in
completing the forms and returning them.

"I'd like to encourage any people working in the tourism sector who would like a
grant to refurbish, improve or market their business to contact me.'' For
further information contact Joanne on 01530 276120.


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2002 Leicester mercury


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday

$300,000 grant to help create 30 jobs

BYLINE: Hilary Kraus, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 560 words


Dec. 19--A $300,000 grant awarded to the city of Clinton is expected to create
at least 30 full-time jobs at the Smithfield Foods Lundy Plant.

The city was among 34 municipalities, agencies and educational institutions that
learned this month that they will receive money from the North Carolina Rural
Economic Development Center. The grant money totals $5 million and will be used
to support job creation or community development in rural counties.

The money also is used to provide access to clean water or to upgrade wastewater
systems.

Clinton's money will be used to improve the public sewer that will serve
Smithfield Foods' Lundy Plant.

The city received $200,000 in grant money in 2005 for the same project, which
will cost roughly $4million, City Manager John Connet said. He said the project
is in the final phases, which involve completing a pipeline under the U.S.
421-701 bypass.

Connet said improving the infrastructure shows the city's commitment to
Smithfield Foods, which intends to add jobs. The company employs 1,500 people,
making it the largest business in Clinton.

If the new jobs do not materialize in the next two years, the grant money must
be repaid, said Garnet Bass, director of communications for the Rural Center.

Four nonprofit community development corporations in the Cape Fear region also
will benefit from grants.

The Cumberland Regional Improvement Corp. in Cumberland County received $43,500.
Others receiving money were Blue Springs Community Development Corp. in Hoke
County, $48,000; Sampson and Duplin counties CDC, $35,000; and Columbus County
DREAM Center, $48,000.

Susan Monroe, director of the Cumberland County corporation, said the money will
be used to pay personnel costs. The agency has three full-time and two part-time
employees. One of the agency's missions is to help people gain success in
business, Monroe said.

In an average year, the agency assists about 100 businesses, Monroe said.

"Funds are diminishing; it's amazing the Rural Center can still do this," said
Monroe, who has been director since 1997.

Homer Marshall, director of the facility in Sampson County for more than 20
years, said the $35,000 grant will help pay operating expenses. The corporation
focuses on helping people with housing problems.

Marshall said the corporation assisted about 50 people in the past year, many
facing foreclosures.

The $48,000 grant awarded to Hoke County's community development corporation
also will go toward operating funds, said Blue Springs director Christina Davis
McCoy.

"Clearly, without the legislature's support, most community development
corporations would not be able to sustain the operations of the organizations,"
said Davis McCoy, co-founder and director of the Hoke County agency.

The grants were made possible by appropriations of the N.C. General Assembly and
voter-approval bonds.

Staff writer Hilary Kraus can be reached at kraush@fayobserver.com or 323-4848,
ext. 331.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091219-FY-300,000-grant-to-help-create-30-jobs-1219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 29, 2009 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

7 rural Maine projects to get USDA funding

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded grant funding to seven projects
in Maine targeting local economies and new and existing businesses and farmers,
according to a press release from U.S. 2nd District Rep. Michael Michaud.

At the recent opening of a new farmers market near the White House, 86 Farmers
Market Promotion Program grants were awarded to organizations throughout the
country as a part of the USDA's "Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food" initiative.

The Aroostook Band of Micmacs in Presque Isle received $31,739, and Maine
Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association in Unity received $68,450 to
establish, expand and promote farmers markets and other direct
producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities.

The second set of grants was provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Business Opportunity Grant program. A total of $2.2 million was awarded
nationally to help 35 rural businesses, including five in Maine:

.  MaineStream Finance, Bangor, $11,460.

.  Northern Maine Development Commission, Aroostook County, $115,000.

.  Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians Economic Development Co., Littleton,
$50,000.

.  Penobscot Indian Nation Enterprises, Indian Island, $49,987.

.  Four Directions Development Corp., Aroostook, Washington, and Penobscot
counties, $49,975.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

USDA gives grants to 7 in Maine

BYLINE: Kennebec Journal

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 199 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded grants to seven projects in Maine
that will strengthen local economies and help new and existing businesses and
farmers, said the office of Rep. Mike Michaud.

Last week, at the opening of a farmers market near the White House, 86 Farmers
Market Promotion Program grants were awarded to organizations throughout the
country as part of the USDA's ''Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food'' initiative.

The Presque Isle-based Aroostook Band of Micmacs ($31,739) and the Maine Organic
Farmers & Gardeners Association of Unity ($68,450) received money to establish,
expand and promote farmers markets and other direct producer-to-consumer
marketing opportunities, according to a news release.

The second set of grants was provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Business Opportunity Grant program. A total of $2.2 million was awarded
nationally to help 35 rural businesses, including five in Maine:

n MaineStream Finance in Bangor ($11,460)

n The Northern Maine Development Commission ($115,000)

n The Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians Economic Development Co. ($50,000)

n Penobscot Indian Nation Enterprises ($49,987)

n Four Directions Development Corp. ($49,975)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 June 28, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

WEXFORD LANDS ALMOST (EURO)10M IN LEADER FUNDING

BYLINE: DAVID TUCKER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 86

LENGTH: 485 words


WEXFORD has been buoyed by the announcement of almost (EURO)10 million in LEADER
funding for rural enterprises and community groups across the county.

The Minister for Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht, Heather Humphreys last week
issued the first funding agreements for the delivery of the LEADER 2020
programme in 18 counties, with Wexford allocated (EURO)9.84 million.

Reacting to the news, Minister Paul Kehoe said LEADER funding was very important
for rural Ireland and is a key to its development over the next four years.

'In total it will provide funding of (EURO)250 million to enterprises and
community groups throughout rural Ireland. As our economy recovers it is
essential that the Government puts in place measures to revitalise rural
Ireland, so that the benefits are felt in every community in County Wexford and
across the country,' he said 'The LEADER funding will be provided to projects
that are selected by local action groups, made up of local representatives from
both the public and private sector. The money will fund projects across a range
of areas, such as enterprise development, rural tourism, enhancement of rural
towns and the provision of basic services for hard to reach communities.

'This funding puts rural development back in the hands of local communities in
County Wexford and empowers them to address their own development needs,' he
said.

Minister Paul The announcement of the funding coincides with the publication of
a document listing the benefits LEADER brought to Wexford under the 2009-2015
programme.

In a joint submission by Wexford Local Development in the publication, chairman
Michael Wall and chief executive Brian Kehoe say WLD supported 396 individual
projects and paid out more than (EURO)9.2 million in grant aid over that period.

'This grant aid was distributed to community groups and small businesses in all
parts of County Wexford and led to job creation and a huge increase in community
activities and facilities.

'The projects that were grant aided cover a wide range of economic, cultural,
environmental and social activities and have helped create and sustain vibrant
communities.' A breakdown of enterprise projects, shows that (EURO)800,000 was
spent in Wexford, (EURO)1.3 million in Enniscorthy, (EURO)1.1 million in Gorey
and (EURO)1 million in New Ross.

Kehoe.

LEADER is funded by the government and the European Commission and is a rural
development programme which aims to develop a sustainable rural Ireland by
supporting active rural communities and investing in innovative rural business.

WLD and the Wexford Organisation of Rural Development have managed the programme
since 1991 and 2006 invested more than (EURO)25 million in 1070 projects.

Companies supported by LEADER range from craft centres to microbreweries,
cloud-based, state of the art business to a range of tourism facilities, kite
surfing, fishing lake developments and community centres.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Minister Paul Kehoe.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

£450,000 pot will help fund agri-food projects

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 209  words


The Cornwall Development Company has secured a  £450,000 grant from the Rural
Business Investment Scheme, to deliver growth grants  of up to £25,000 to local
agri-food businesses.

The award follows an initial £500,000 granted from the scheme to the CDC in
January last year, which has helped leverage £1,430,000 of total   investment in
small and medium farming, food and rural businesses.

This has resulted in the creation of 30 new jobs in Cornwall, with business
projects to have been supported by funding including the Cornish Food Box
Company's development of a  local food distribution hub in Truro.

Part financed by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, Defra and
Cornwall Council, the new funds will specifically target agri-food businesses
which are processing or adding value to primary agricultural, horticultural or
forestry products.

Grants will vary between £10,000 and £25,000, supporting up to 40% of total
project costs.

Projects must demonstrate how they will result in business growth, including the
creation of jobs, increased efficiency, profitability and benefits to the rural
economy. The funds must be allocated by June and successful applicants must be
able to complete project investment and claims by December 31.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£450,000 pot will help fund agri-food projects

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 208 words


The Cornwall Development Company has secured a £450,000 grant from the Rural
Business Investment Scheme, to deliver growth grants of up to £25,000 to local
agri-food businesses. The award follows an initial £500,000 granted from the
scheme to the CDC in January last year, which has helped leverage £1,430,000 of
total investment in small and medium farming, food and rural businesses.

This has resulted in the creation of 30 new jobs in Cornwall, with business
projects to have been supported by funding including the Cornish Food Box
Company's development of a local food distribution hub in Truro.

Part financed by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, Defra and
Cornwall Council, the new funds will specifically target agri-food businesses
which are processing or adding value to primary agricultural, horticultural or
forestry products.

Grants will vary between £10,000 and £25,000, supporting up to 40% of total
project costs. Projects must demonstrate how they will result in business
growth, including the creation of jobs, increased efficiency, profitability and
benefits to the rural economy. The funds must be allocated by June and
successful applicants must be able to complete project investment and claims by
December 31.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2014 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Staffordshire Newsletter

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 348  words


RURAL businesses in Staffordshire looking to expand are being encouraged to
apply for a share of £300,000 to help them grow.

Grants ranging from £35,000 to around £140,000 are available for new and
existing businesses in rural areas that are seeking assistance to expand and
create new jobs.

The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) funding is part of
the European Structural and Investment Funds Growth Programme (ESIF) and
businesses have until January 5, 2016, to bid for a grant from the funding pot.

Rural businesses can apply for a grant to cover up to 40 per cent of their
project's total eligible costs. Projects will need to be able to demonstrate how
they can create a number of new jobs and increase their overall wages.

Tourism businesses are excluded from this business development fund but there
will be a call for tourism businesses to apply for funding later in the
programme.

The funding aligns with the Stoke on Trent and Staffordshire Local Enterprise
Partnership's priority of promoting the growth of advanced manufacturing in the
region, for example helping rural businesses introduce new technologies and
equipment, supporting the expansion of their current premises and assisting farm
diversification into non-agricultural activities.

David Frost chairman of the Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire LEP, said: "This
new funding represents a fantastic opportunity for businesses in rural areas to
expand and create jobs, providing a great boost for the local economy and
helping rural communities to thrive.

"I would strongly encourage any interested businesses to seize this opportunity
and apply to this call for funding before  January."

Applicants will be assessed in two stages of the application process, the
outline and full application stages.

Further details on how to apply for a grant and an outline application form are
available from the gov.uk website.

For more information on the funding available contact Jo Jury by emailing
jo.jury@rpa.gsi.gov.uk or by phoning 01905 768854. For further information on
ESIF funding visit the gov.uk website.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

pounds 54m boost for communities throughout the countryside;
GRANTS TO FUND 77 HERITAGE, TOURISM AND FARM PROJECTS

BYLINE: STEVE DUBÉ

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 474 words


COMMUNITY halls, heritage centres, farming, tourism and small businesses in
rural Wales will benefit from a pounds 54m cash injection announced yesterday.

The second tranch of grants under the 2007 to 2013 Rural Development Plan will
fund 77 projects - and provide jobs - that aim to sustain and improve
communities in the countryside.

The money is part of the pounds 795m RDP agreed by the Assembly Government and
the European Union before the financial crisis kicked in.

A total of pounds 195m comes from the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development.

Most of it will go towards projects that will boost tourism or heritage, provide
grants for small enterprises or improve local amenities and the environment.

And most of the projects have been proposed by local action groups.

Rural Affairs Minister Elin Jones said more than pounds 54m will be shared by a
wide range of projects.

She said: "The Rural Development Plan is a very important mechanism for
developing rural communities and between 2007 and 2013 it will bring an
impressive pounds 795m of funding to rural Wales.

"This pounds 54m is for a wide range of rural community projects, all of which
aim to improve the quality of life in rural areas."

The minister said the ideas had come from local action groups, which were better
able to decide what their communities need to improve the environment, economy
or local tourism.

"Many of the projects being approved today will help to support rural economies
as Wales continues to feel the effects of the worldwide recession and the UK
government spending review, which has left Wales facing severe cuts," she said.

The 77 projects include a healthy village scheme in rural areas of Caerphilly, a
green tourism project in Denbighshire, and training in enterprise and
entrepreneurship for 14 to 25 year-olds in Anglesey.

A total of 28 of the projects cost more than pounds 1m and four of these come in
at more than pounds 2m.

The biggest is Powys Sustainable Tourism, which aims to spend pounds 2.664m
improving facilities and access to particular tourism businesses and attractions
through digital new media, innovative green and wildlife tourism.

The project will offer a range of services such as grants and other support
services through a dedicated team of staff.

Carmarthenshire is the biggest single winner, with seven projects totalling
nearly pounds 11m.

They include a scheme to help farmers to diversify with grants to convert
redundant buildings, another to improve tourism in the county and a Heritage
Centre at Dinefwr Farm, Llandeilo.

In Ceredigion there is money to refurbish Tregaron War Memorial Hall.

Other grants will go to rural areas of Anglesey, Bridgend, Ceredigion, Conwy,
Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Merthyr, Port Talbot, Pembrokeshire, Swansea,
the Vale of Glamorgan and Wrexham.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 10, 2006 Saturday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Two grants to aid displaced County workers

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C3

LENGTH: 662 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


Two U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grants of nearly $400,000
will go a long way to help northern Maine displaced workers get jobs.

The Rural Business Enterprise grants to the City of Caribou and the Northern
Maine Development Commission's Northern Maine Finance Corporation will be used
to assist in the purchase of closed manufacturing and business buildings.

"The USDA Rural Development program provides vital opportunities for rural
Mainers to enhance community services and boost economic growth," Sens. Olympia
Snowe and Susan Collins wrote in a joint statement about the grants. "This
funding will make possible a variety of Rural Community projects and essential
training programs."

Caribou will receive $350,000 to assist in the purchase of the former First
Technology Building. The building is in the process of being modified for use by
the Maine Military Authority as an engine and transmission rebuilding facility.
The project will enhance the capabilities of the MMA project at Loring, where
military vehicles are refurbished and placed back into service.

Snowe and Collins wrote that the MMA is in need of additional space and the
grant would assist in regaining the jobs lost and creating employment for an
additional 35 people. Seven local businesses would also be assisted with the
money.

The NMFC grant of $99,999 will be used to assist the effort to bring companies
to Aroostook County to fill the void left by the closing of two call centers at
Fort Kent and Presque Isle.

The senators said the money would assist in saving or creating some 300 jobs,
while helping at least two businesses.

Caribou City Manager Steve Buck said the USDA grant is the second source of
funding toward the purchase of the First Technology Building. The company went
out of business in Caribou two years ago.

Sixty-nine people lost their jobs when First Technology closed, according to
Buck. The city hoped to attract other automotive businesses to the facility. A
search in both the United States and Canada was not successful.

"We were approached by the MMA, which needed more room for their projects," Buck
said. "We also acquired a $350,000 grant through the state to assist in
purchasing the $700,000 building."

MMA, according to Buck, has started making modifications in the building. The
MMA will be rebuilding engines and transmissions at the facility. The units will
come from the Loring MMA site and will be returned there once the rebuilding has
been completed.

"The engine and transmission rebuilding is an element that can be separate from
the rebuilding going on at Loring," Buck said.

"We are very pleased to have been awarded this money [from the USDA]," Buck
said. "They [MMA] will be bringing 75 jobs into the facility."

The MMA is in a building lull and layoffs have been made. The layoffs have been
said to be temporary, and they expect to ramp up employment again soon.

Buck said the MMA has a skeleton crew at work in the First Technology Building.

He did not know when manufacturing would start in the Caribou building.

"We can put this one in the success column," he said of the grant money to fund
the project.

Duane Walton of the NMDC said they have "been very active since the announcement
to try and get someone to buy or lease property to get people back to work."

The closings of the former MBNA operations at Fort Kent and Presque Isle
happened earlier this year.

"We had at least two major site selection companies working on prospects and
showed the properties to a couple of interested clients," Walton said of the
former call centers. "They are considering locating here.

"We are continuing to help market the facilities to obtain tenants," he said.
"The primary objective is to put as many people back to work as we can."

Walton said it is hard to keep people in northern Maine, especially young
people. Closures make it even harder, he said.

"This money will go a long way to accomplish the goal of marketing the
properties," he said Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Eagle Lake will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Eagle Lake will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Illinois Electric Cooperative gets $25 million for electric grid upgrades

BYLINE: Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


Nov. 20--WINCHESTER -- Nearly 120 miles of distribution lines through 10
west-central Illinois counties will be part of the improvements targeted by the
Illinois Electric Cooperative through a $25 million low-interest loan.

Officials announced details of the loan Thursday through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development for renewable energy improvements and smart grid
technology.

The upgrades will help improve distribution lines crossing through Morgan, Pike,
Scott, Greene, Calhoun, Adams, Brown, Cass, Jersey and Macoupin counties.

More than $1 million will be used for construction of the cooperative's smart
grid system, which will increase the reliability of electric power by increasing
the utility company's ability to monitor and manage it.

The smart grid improvements will include metering, substation automation,
computer applications, two-way communications, geospatial information systems
and other improvements.

"Electric systems are a key component of the basic infrastructure that our rural
residents rely upon," said Colleen Callahan, USDA rural development director for
Illinois. "Funding these improvements is one more way we're working to improve
the quality of life and global competitiveness of people, businesses and
communities in rural Illinois."

This loan is part of $2.3 billion the USDA has awarded this fall in 31 states.
Funding comes from the USDA Rural Development Electric Program, which makes
loans and loan guarantees to non-profit and cooperative associations, public
agencies and other utilities, primarily for electric distribution in rural
areas.

Illinois Electric Cooperative has previously received $3.9 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants for business and community development
projects, a $40,000 Rural Business Development Grant for a feasibility study for
the Interstate 72 corridor and $853,536 in Rural Energy for America Program
funding for wind and solar projects.

___ (c)2015 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151120-JJ-Illinois-Electric-Cooperative-gets-25-million-for-electric-grid-upgr
ades-1120-20151120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2015 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 6854 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) [[Page 60350]] Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed
loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and
install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to
their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
Section IV.E. of this Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm
Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information
about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural
Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room
6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Eligible Applicants: This
solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as well
as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; public power entities; and councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451,
which serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses. I. Program
Description REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's
critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable
Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy
Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. A. General.
Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This Notice
announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014 Farm Bill),
for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make
energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from wind,
solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric,
ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. The
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available to a
unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State, Tribal,
or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations. The administrative requirements applicable to each type of
funding available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding
type described in this Notice. B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice,
the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement project grants. C. Renewable
Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed Loans. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2016, the
guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan, and
the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent (0.250 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan. D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to
the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. E. Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition to the other provisions of
this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply
to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II. Federal
Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868. C.
Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of
grant funds to each Rural Development State Office. The State allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of
grant funds that can be used to fund renewable [[Page 60351]] energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the
statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds
until June 30, 2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (b) Grant funds
available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory funding from fiscal
year 2015. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount
of funds available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2) of this section. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory funds.
Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions. D. Approximate Number
of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based on the historical
average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of $50 million for
fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds made available
and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this program. E. Type
of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan combinations.
III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the
grant portion of the program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable. B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed
portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility
requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible
Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the eligibility
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as
applicable. D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests
and for combination guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75
percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not to exceed
25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Under the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must
require that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit. E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7
CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application. Application materials
may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for
grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP
from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the site. To
use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. B. Application Submittal. (1) Grant
applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically using the
Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as hard
copy, applicants must submit one original. (a) All renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (b) All energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance applications are to be
submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant is headquartered. (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their
electronic applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload and
submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all information
typically included in the application, and all necessary assurances and
certifications. After electronically submitting an application through the Web
site, the applicant will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov
that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. (2) Guaranteed loan applications.
Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed
loan/grant combination request) must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator. (3) Guaranteed loan and grant
combination applications. Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination
applications) must be submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator. C. Content and Form of Application Submission.
Applicants seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in
accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must
submit complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to
conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.
[[Page 60352]] (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must
be received in order to compete for the funds available. (2) Grant applications.
Information required for an application to be considered complete is found in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000
or less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (b) Grant
applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement
projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000,
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (c) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects with total
project costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.117. (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.137. (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (f) Applications for energy audits or
renewable energy development assistance grants must provide information required
by 7 CFR 4280.190. (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting
that each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. (4)
Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7 CFR
4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project. (5) Multiple
facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that proposes to apply
the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid project) or energy
efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For example, a rural small
business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to install solar panels on
each store. The rural small business owner may submit a single application for
installing the solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner
wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for either the
solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal year. (6) Fiscal Year
2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grant
Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was submitted
after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding and that
initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in either the
State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider that
application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established. D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun
and Bradstreet Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must: (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an
application; (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application
it submits to the Agency. (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award,
if the applicant has not complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this
section, the Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award. E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section: (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and combination grant and
guaranteed loan applications. Application deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant
funds are: (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,'' complete
applications must be received no later than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on
November 2, 2015, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (b) For
applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or funding for
a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must be received
no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (2) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan-only applications.
Applications will be reviewed and processed when received with monthly
competitions on the first business day of each month for those applications
eligible and ready to be funded. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Complete applications must be
received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on February 1, 2016. [[Page 60353]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Application Application window opening dates
Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... November 2, 2015. Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and November 3, 2015...................... May 2,
2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or less competing for the
remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... May 2, 2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous application cycle.......... Continuous
application cycle. Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans. Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy February 13, 2015..................... February 1, 2016.*
Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- * Applications received after this date will be
considered for the next funding cycle in the subsequent fiscal year. F.
Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs. G. Funding Limitations. The
following funding limitations apply to applications submitted under this Notice.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. (a)
Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one energy
efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016. (b) For renewable energy
system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For
energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant is $1,500 and the
maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000
and the maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of
this section contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for
grants and guaranteed loans. (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant
application and one renewable energy development assistance grant application
for fiscal year 2016 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient
under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016. (c) The 2014 Farm
Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an
agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the agricultural
producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the
audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed
$750,000 for fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy
system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP. H. Other
submission requirements and information. (1) Environmental information. For the
Agency to consider an application, the application must include all
environmental review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning
or management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through Grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act Reporting.
All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b). V. Application Review
Information A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented
below. (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator
consider awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director
and the Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b)
below. (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who
are members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is: (i)
Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and
(ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of [[Page 60354]] the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which
addresses applications that further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority, projects: (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest
incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing
20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need and (ii) Located in
designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a Secretary of
Agriculture's priority. (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will
be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120. (3) For hybrid applications, each
technical report will be evaluated based on its own merit. B. Review and
Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications,
and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may
be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete
applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State
Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice. (1)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding. (a) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be
allocated to the States. Applications must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or
May 2, 2016, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. The State will
award 50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by November 2, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by May 2, 2016. All State allocated unused
funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office. (b)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or
less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000 or
less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other applications for
grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016. (c) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted grant State funds.
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that can
be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National
Office. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national
grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants
of $20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition. (2)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds.
The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant- only applications. (3) Combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only
applications for grant funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph
B(1)(c) of this section. If the application is ranked high enough to receive
State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding for the guaranteed
loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan applications from the
National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further competition will be
required. (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under
Sec. 4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds
remain after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
national competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund
additional renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from
the National Office reserve after pooling. (5) Insufficient funds. If a State
allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant or combination
application, the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining
funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve funds available
after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant
must certify that the purposes of the project will be met and provide the
remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (a) If two or more grant
or combination applications have the same score and remaining funds in the State
allocation are insufficient to fully award them, the remaining funds must be
divided proportionally between the applications. The Agency will notify the
applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds
to be carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. C. Award
Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In determining the
amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement grant or
loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR
4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. D. Anticipated Announcement and
Federal Award Dates. All awards should be completed by September 30, 2016.
[[Page 60355]] VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. C. Reporting.
Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the ``For Further Information Contact'' section of
this notice. VII. Other Information A. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance
with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection
requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice, have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number
0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved by
OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete
the form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: September 29, 2015. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-25321
Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 6854 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) [[Page 60350]] Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed
loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and
install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to
their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
Section IV.E. of this Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm
Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information
about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural
Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room
6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Eligible Applicants: This
solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as well
as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; public power entities; and councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451,
which serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses. I. Program
Description REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's
critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable
Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy
Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. A. General.
Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This Notice
announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014 Farm Bill),
for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make
energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from wind,
solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric,
ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. The
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available to a
unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State, Tribal,
or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations. The administrative requirements applicable to each type of
funding available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding
type described in this Notice. B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice,
the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement project grants. C. Renewable
Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed Loans. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2016, the
guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan, and
the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent (0.250 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan. D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to
the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. E. Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition to the other provisions of
this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply
to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II. Federal
Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868. C.
Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of
grant funds to each Rural Development State Office. The State allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of
grant funds that can be used to fund renewable [[Page 60351]] energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the
statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds
until June 30, 2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (b) Grant funds
available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory funding from fiscal
year 2015. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount
of funds available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2) of this section. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory funds.
Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions. D. Approximate Number
of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based on the historical
average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of $50 million for
fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds made available
and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this program. E. Type
of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan combinations.
III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the
grant portion of the program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable. B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed
portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility
requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible
Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the eligibility
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as
applicable. D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests
and for combination guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75
percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not to exceed
25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Under the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must
require that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit. E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7
CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application. Application materials
may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for
grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP
from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the site. To
use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. B. Application Submittal. (1) Grant
applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically using the
Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as hard
copy, applicants must submit one original. (a) All renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (b) All energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance applications are to be
submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant is headquartered. (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their
electronic applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload and
submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all information
typically included in the application, and all necessary assurances and
certifications. After electronically submitting an application through the Web
site, the applicant will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov
that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. (2) Guaranteed loan applications.
Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed
loan/grant combination request) must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator. (3) Guaranteed loan and grant
combination applications. Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination
applications) must be submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator. C. Content and Form of Application Submission.
Applicants seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in
accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must
submit complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to
conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.
[[Page 60352]] (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must
be received in order to compete for the funds available. (2) Grant applications.
Information required for an application to be considered complete is found in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000
or less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (b) Grant
applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement
projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000,
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (c) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects with total
project costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.117. (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.137. (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (f) Applications for energy audits or
renewable energy development assistance grants must provide information required
by 7 CFR 4280.190. (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting
that each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. (4)
Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7 CFR
4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project. (5) Multiple
facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that proposes to apply
the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid project) or energy
efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For example, a rural small
business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to install solar panels on
each store. The rural small business owner may submit a single application for
installing the solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner
wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for either the
solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal year. (6) Fiscal Year
2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grant
Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was submitted
after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding and that
initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in either the
State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider that
application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established. D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun
and Bradstreet Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must: (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an
application; (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application
it submits to the Agency. (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award,
if the applicant has not complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this
section, the Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award. E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section: (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and combination grant and
guaranteed loan applications. Application deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant
funds are: (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,'' complete
applications must be received no later than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on
November 2, 2015, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (b) For
applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or funding for
a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must be received
no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (2) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan-only applications.
Applications will be reviewed and processed when received with monthly
competitions on the first business day of each month for those applications
eligible and ready to be funded. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Complete applications must be
received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on February 1, 2016. [[Page 60353]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Application Application window opening dates
Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... November 2, 2015. Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and November 3, 2015...................... May 2,
2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or less competing for the
remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... May 2, 2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous application cycle.......... Continuous
application cycle. Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans. Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy February 13, 2015..................... February 1, 2016.*
Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- * Applications received after this date will be
considered for the next funding cycle in the subsequent fiscal year. F.
Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs. G. Funding Limitations. The
following funding limitations apply to applications submitted under this Notice.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. (a)
Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one energy
efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016. (b) For renewable energy
system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For
energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant is $1,500 and the
maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000
and the maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of
this section contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for
grants and guaranteed loans. (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant
application and one renewable energy development assistance grant application
for fiscal year 2016 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient
under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016. (c) The 2014 Farm
Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an
agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the agricultural
producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the
audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed
$750,000 for fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy
system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP. H. Other
submission requirements and information. (1) Environmental information. For the
Agency to consider an application, the application must include all
environmental review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning
or management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through Grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act Reporting.
All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b). V. Application Review
Information A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented
below. (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator
consider awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director
and the Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b)
below. (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who
are members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is: (i)
Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and
(ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of [[Page 60354]] the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which
addresses applications that further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority, projects: (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest
incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing
20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need and (ii) Located in
designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a Secretary of
Agriculture's priority. (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will
be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120. (3) For hybrid applications, each
technical report will be evaluated based on its own merit. B. Review and
Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications,
and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may
be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete
applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State
Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice. (1)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding. (a) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be
allocated to the States. Applications must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or
May 2, 2016, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. The State will
award 50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by November 2, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by May 2, 2016. All State allocated unused
funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office. (b)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or
less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000 or
less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other applications for
grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016. (c) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted grant State funds.
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that can
be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National
Office. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national
grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants
of $20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition. (2)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds.
The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant- only applications. (3) Combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only
applications for grant funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph
B(1)(c) of this section. If the application is ranked high enough to receive
State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding for the guaranteed
loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan applications from the
National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further competition will be
required. (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under
Sec. 4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds
remain after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
national competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund
additional renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from
the National Office reserve after pooling. (5) Insufficient funds. If a State
allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant or combination
application, the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining
funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve funds available
after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant
must certify that the purposes of the project will be met and provide the
remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (a) If two or more grant
or combination applications have the same score and remaining funds in the State
allocation are insufficient to fully award them, the remaining funds must be
divided proportionally between the applications. The Agency will notify the
applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds
to be carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. C. Award
Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In determining the
amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement grant or
loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR
4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. D. Anticipated Announcement and
Federal Award Dates. All awards should be completed by September 30, 2016.
[[Page 60355]] VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. C. Reporting.
Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the ``For Further Information Contact'' section of
this notice. VII. Other Information A. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance
with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection
requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice, have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number
0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved by
OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete
the form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: September 29, 2015. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-25321
Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Feds award Maine $640,000 to boost rural economy

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 480 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Two Maine organizations will share $640,000 in federal grant
money designed to help support entrepreneurs in rural areas and to explore ways
to get investor money to early-stage natural resource businesses.


The Maine Center for Entrepreneurial Development won a $390,000 grant to expand
its entrepreneurship training programs, and Coastal Enterprises Inc. landed
$250,000 to pursue a seed capital investment program that would cater to natural
resource-based businesses in rural Maine.


Jay Williams, U.S. assistant secretary of commerce for economic development, was
in Portland Monday to announce the awards for which 170 organizations nationally
applied and only 25 won, including the two in Maine.


Both organizations matched the grant amounts with their own money or donations.


Don Gooding, executive director of Center for Entrepreneurial Development, said
the organization will use the funding to expand its reach to rural entrepreneurs
through a new Top Gun Rural Accelerator Program.


Gooding said the group this year started laying the groundwork to provide new
online entrepreneurial training to more people in Maine and has begun adapting
the course for recent immigrants.


The money also could support expansions to new physical locations for its Top
Gun program, including the Lewiston-Auburn area. It now offers those courses in
Bangor, Rockland and Portland.


Gooding said the money will help improve existing programs as well, expanding
new courses in raising money in exchange for equity in a company and other
challenges for entrepreneurs upon completion of the Top Gun program.


Keith Bisson, a senior vice president at Coastal Enterprises, said the community
development corporation will use its grant to study how to create a program to
get investor money to early-stage natural resource businesses, such as farms and
aquaculture operations. That type of program could involve Coastal Enterprises
assembling a portfolio of equity investments in rural businesses.


Gray Harris, director of Coastal Enterprises' sustainable agriculture and food
systems programs, said agriculture in Maine has experienced "extraordinary
growth" in recent years and his organization hopes a new seed capital program
for that sector could help it along.


U.S. Sen. Angus King said during a news conference that he sees both programs as
helping to suss out a way forward for some of the state's rural economies that
have been hit hard by a decline in manufacturing.


U.S. Rep Chellie Pingree said Maine provides about 10 percent of the region's
food, and there's a chance to grow that share, with more young people entering
farming in Maine and growing demand for locally produced food.


"[Agriculture] is off the charts for growth and we are in the right place to
fulfill more of that need," she said.


The U.S. Economic Development Administration announced $10 million in grants
Monday.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Feds award Maine $640,000 to boost rural economy

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 480 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Two Maine organizations will share $640,000 in federal grant
money designed to help support entrepreneurs in rural areas and to explore ways
to get investor money to early-stage natural resource businesses.


The Maine Center for Entrepreneurial Development won a $390,000 grant to expand
its entrepreneurship training programs, and Coastal Enterprises Inc. landed
$250,000 to pursue a seed capital investment program that would cater to natural
resource-based businesses in rural Maine.


Jay Williams, U.S. assistant secretary of commerce for economic development, was
in Portland Monday to announce the awards for which 170 organizations nationally
applied and only 25 won, including the two in Maine.


Both organizations matched the grant amounts with their own money or donations.


Don Gooding, executive director of Center for Entrepreneurial Development, said
the organization will use the funding to expand its reach to rural entrepreneurs
through a new Top Gun Rural Accelerator Program.


Gooding said the group this year started laying the groundwork to provide new
online entrepreneurial training to more people in Maine and has begun adapting
the course for recent immigrants.


The money also could support expansions to new physical locations for its Top
Gun program, including the Lewiston-Auburn area. It now offers those courses in
Bangor, Rockland and Portland.


Gooding said the money will help improve existing programs as well, expanding
new courses in raising money in exchange for equity in a company and other
challenges for entrepreneurs upon completion of the Top Gun program.


Keith Bisson, a senior vice president at Coastal Enterprises, said the community
development corporation will use its grant to study how to create a program to
get investor money to early-stage natural resource businesses, such as farms and
aquaculture operations. That type of program could involve Coastal Enterprises
assembling a portfolio of equity investments in rural businesses.


Gray Harris, director of Coastal Enterprises' sustainable agriculture and food
systems programs, said agriculture in Maine has experienced "extraordinary
growth" in recent years and his organization hopes a new seed capital program
for that sector could help it along.


U.S. Sen. Angus King said during a news conference that he sees both programs as
helping to suss out a way forward for some of the state's rural economies that
have been hit hard by a decline in manufacturing.


U.S. Rep Chellie Pingree said Maine provides about 10 percent of the region's
food, and there's a chance to grow that share, with more young people entering
farming in Maine and growing demand for locally produced food.


"[Agriculture] is off the charts for growth and we are in the right place to
fulfill more of that need," she said.


The U.S. Economic Development Administration announced $10 million in grants
Monday.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst
DC-2014-0042A

LENGTH: 3795  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0042A
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, May 12, 2014 to Monday, May 26, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 3 vacancies - Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Energy Programs Branch, Energy Division, Deputy
Administrator-Business Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS).

You will serve as a Business Loan and Grant Analyst responsible for providing
expertise and leadership in coordinating, planning, developing, and implementing
a variety of operational and administrative program activities that support the
delivery of RBS Energy programs.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Some travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop and recommend plans, policies and procedures for administering
nationwide energy and energy related loan and grant programs.
    Within the assigned geographic area, monitor States' delivery of Energy
programs and loan/grant funding and support effective utilization of funds.
    Responsible for identifying and developing regulatory program changes in
response to new authorities, analyzing program trends, identifying and
evaluating program and operational weaknesses and/or makes formal
recommendations for changes for improved program effectiveness nationwide and
handle program oversight internal control and accountability.
    Provide technical guidance and expertise on program management reviews and
coduct Statewide loan/grant program evaluations.
    Within assigned geographical area, coordinated and conduct a comprehensive
outreach program and provide technical assistance services with Staff.
Establish and conduct regional workshops to promote RBS energy programs and
provide guidance in applying for technical and financial assistance.
    Assess training needs of RBS staff in the region and provide training to
Rural Development (RD) field office staff and RBS National Office on a variety
of subjects relating to nationwide administration of the RBS energy programs and
energy related loan and grant activities.
    Review and analyze grant, loan, and payment requests received for all
Division energy programs, with the majority of analysis related to advanced
technologies.
    Provide review and analysis of annual financial statements to assure
compliance with loan and grant agreements.
    Make recommendations in writing and orally, to management concerning
requests and applications for Division programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify for the GS-12 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience assisting with loan and grant processing and review.
Knowledge of professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate loan and
grant data and processes. Experience assisting in the development of plans,
policies and procedures for administering an energy or energy related loan and
grant program.

To qualify for the GS-13 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience in loan and grant program administration and processing.
Experience with professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and the funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate complex
loan and grant data and processes. Experience developing and recommending plans,
policies and procedures for administering a nation-wide energy and energy
related loan and grant programs.


There is no education requirement for this position.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Travel will be required.
o  This position requires up to 25 % travel.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community loan and grant making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7984ed7d-79c2
-489e-a695-a31e007e6550

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.
    If you are a service member who expects to be discharged or released from
active duty under honorable conditions, you may submit a certification letter to
receive veterans' preference under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to
Hire Heroes Act of 2011.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Heaquarters Personnel Services Branch
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 18, 2001 Tuesday

NASA awards grant to bring tech. to OK businesses

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 230 words


Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma has received a $200,000 National Aeronautics and
Space Administration grant to provide Oklahoma's rural and small businesses and
community access to NASA technology. The grant to the Durant-based nonprofit
economic development agency was announced by Rep. Wes Watkins, R-Okla.

Kenneth Norris, manager of REI's business incubator program, said that in some
instances, rural businesses and communities believe they are too small in size
too apply NASA-developed technology to their needs. "That's not the case," said
Norris. "We're all closer to NASA technology than we think. We use it in our
everyday life but fail to recognize it."

Norris indicated that he has two ongoing research and development projects that
can benefit from NASA's program. One is an energy-related business that
recaptures hydrogen from the atmosphere and the other has developed a fuel cell,
similar to those used in electric cars.

Watkins said REI will serve as the "rural arm" for the project. "Through this
project, our small businesses and communities will have access to technologies
that will help them improve their operations and it will help the rural
communities meet their infrastructure needs. The beauty of this project is that
it gives our rural businesses and communities access to new technology right
here on the home front, in rural Oklahoma."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Local businesses net federal energy funds

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: SPRINGVALE


- Three Aroostook County businesses are among 13 in Maine selected to receive
$108,001 to help them lower their energy costs and implement renewable energy
systems.


Frederick S. Whited in Bridgewater has received a $3,757 grant to install
variable speed drives on fans at a potato storage facility. This project will
save $1,807 and decrease business energy consumption by 49 percent annually;
each year 12,710 kWh will be saved, which is more than enough electricity to
power an average home.


Moir Farms, LLC, in Woodland was awarded a $3,966 grant, and will also install
variable speed fan drives as well as LED lighting at a potato storage facility.
The improvements will save $2,727 and decrease energy consumption by 52 percent
annually, for a total of 19,535 kWh saved each year.


The Birch Haven Campground, LLC, in Fort Kent will get an $18,750 grant to
install a solar array to replace 100 percent of its annual usage. The project
proposes to generate 35,983 kWh of electricity per year, or enough electricity
to power the equivalent of three homes.


The grants were announced June 30 by USDA Rural Development Under-secretary Lisa
Mensah and Rep. Chellie Pingree during a visit to McDougal Orchards in
Springvale.


"Today's announcement of Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) grants will
have a tremendous impact on these 13 rural Maine businesses," Mensah said. "It
will help them lower their carbon emissions significantly and reduce overall
operating costs. Helping rural businesses thrive and become self-sustaining is a
critical role for USDA Rural Development in rural communities across the
country. I am especially grateful to be joined by such a strong advocate for the
REAP program in Rep. Pingree."


"Each dollar that a farm or rural business doesn't have to spend on energy is
another dollar that can go toward creating jobs or investing in their long-term
sustainability. That's why REAP is so vital in a state like Maine," said
Pingree. "For Maine to receive 13 awards in one year is very exciting news. I'm
incredibly grateful to USDA Rural Development for investing in these farms and
businesses so they can cut their energy costs and reduce their impact on the
environment."


Other Maine businesses and agricultural producers which will receive REAP grants
to install solar power capabilities are: McDougal Orchards, $14,837; Richard
Jones, d/b/a Pine Tree LLC, Poland, $7,624; Erna Smith d/b/a Smith Farms, Lisbon
Falls, $3,379; Fat & Happy Inc., North Berwick, $15,159; Christopher Hahn, LLC.,
South China, $6,895; Rollins & Sons Auto Body Inc., West Rockport, $6,224;
Harvest Gold Jewelry Company, Lovell, $4,043; Waugh's Mountain View Electric
Inc., Rumford, $4,572; and Little River Veterinary Hospital, P.A., Northport,
$15,856.


Additionally, Robert Johanson of Goranson Farm, Dresden, was awarded $2,939 to
purchase and install a reverse osmosis system to decrease the volume of sap that
needs to be boiled down to make syrup.


USDA Rural Development's northern area office is in Presque Isle. Further
information on rural programs is available by visiting the office or at
www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 159 words


THE Northwest Regional Development Agency has awarded a grant of £4.7m to one of
the region's leading agricultural colleges to promote rural business.

The Warrington based agency has awarded the grant to Reaseheath College, in
Nantwich, to create a 'hub' which will provide specialist support to rural
businesses across the region.

The cash will be used to increase the college's pool of knowledge and resources
to help businesses from start-ups to international food manufacturers. It will
also cover refurbishment of food halls, experimental kitchens and an anaerobic
digester to reduce waste.

David Hunter, head of rural development at the NWDA, said: "We are pleased to
invest in this hub which will provide a co-ordinated service catering for the
knowledge, innovation and enterprise needs of rural businesses. It will also
provide opportunities for development of skills in the food and drink industry,
which is vital for sustainable rural regeneration."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Trail Town funding assist to continue for Saltsburg Borough

BYLINE: Gina DelFavero, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


July 10--Saltsburg Borough has received an update from William Prince, manager
of the Progress Fund's Trail Town Program, a revitalization project focused on
promoting tourism and recreation in specified "trail towns." Prince informed the
borough that it would continue to receive technical assistance through the
program, which was the recent recipient of a $140,000 Rural Community
Development Initiative grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Saltsburg heard last summer that it was chosen to be one of the next Trail Town
targets due to its trailheads for both the 15-mile West Penn Trail, which
stretches from Saltsburg to Blairsville, and the Westmoreland Heritage Trail, a
nine-mile path from Saltsburg to Delmont, both part of the Trans-Allegheny Trail
System.

According to P.J. Hruska, borough council president, the Trail Town Program so
far has helped with the purchase of a new sign for the Rebecca B. Hadden Stone
House Museum, and has been very supportive of other organizations in the
community.

The Rural Community Development Initiative grant will help provide funding for
the next two years to Saltsburg and other Trail Town communities to be applied
to business assistance and development, marketing, economic research, community
connections, real estate development and small business loans.

At an assessment meeting held June 2014 in Saltsburg, Prince pointed out several
areas that the town could address in order to boost its recreation potential,
including signage, parking, community bulletin boards, vacant buildings and
underused land, and a lack of novelty retail shops and lodging.

The Rural Community Development Initiative supports rural housing, community
facilities and economic development projects. The USDA awarded $6.3 million in
grants for 31 projects, and The Progress Fund was the only Pennsylvania-based
organization to receive a grant.

Gina DelFavero is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2915 or gdelfavero@tribweb.com

Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.

___ (c)2015 The Blairsville Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) Visit The Blairsville
Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150710-DH-Trail-Town-funding-assist-to-continue-for-Saltsburg-Borough-0710-201
50710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2015 The Blairsville Dispatch


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

NM EDC awards 15 communities

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


SANTA FE &GT;&GT; New Mexico Economic Development Department (NMEDD) Cabinet
Secretary Jon Barela announces 15 rural economic development projects were
selected to receive Local Economic Assistance & Development Support (LEADS). The
newly created LEADS program will leverage $176,260 to supplement the work of
local communities in their efforts to diversify their economy and create
good-paying jobs that have a multiplier effect.

"New Mexico's rural communities are resilient and showing great promise in their
economic development efforts," Secretary Barela said. "LEADS is a wonderful new
tool to stimulate economic-base job growth by working strategically with these
communities and together stretch limited resources."

Projects for LEADS can include a sales mission or trade show; business
visitation program, property site design, permitting and development plan; an
incubator, accelerator, shared space or commercial kitchen or workforce
development. LEADS is a retooling of the current Certified Community Initiative
(CCI) award process while maintaining the certification itself.

The selection process was competitive; eligible entities applied for a grant.
Funding criteria for the LEADS program was measured on whether a project can
help recruit, retain or create jobs in economic-base industries; develop the tax
base; or encourage business development. NMEDD's Community, Business and Rural
Development team's regional representatives worked with economic development
organizations to identify eligible projects and prepare grant applications.

The Economic Development Department received 30 applications requesting in
excess of $400,000. Fifteen were selected, which represent a strong variety of
marketing & attraction; business retention & expansion; workforce;
entrepreneurial/training hubs; and real-estate type projects. Ninety-one percent
of the funding will benefit rural and frontier areas of the state (34 percent
frontier and 57 percent rural).

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                        June 4, 2002, Tuesday Edition 1

Farming out work areas

BYLINE: By The Evening Chronicle

SECTION: NEWS LOCAL, Pg. 8

LENGTH: 165 words


   Redundant pig and dairy buildings on a North farm have been turned into
workshops to create new businesses and jobs.

Jennifer Lovett has converted the buildings, at Wark Farm, near
Cornhill-on-Tweed, with the help of a Government grant, to safeguard existing
jobs on the farm and open the way for more.

The stone-built pig and dairy buildings have been turned into three double
workshops for light commercial or industrial uses with the help of a grant under
the Rural Enterprise Scheme.

The project is now being highlighted by Defra's North East Rural Development
Service as the way ahead for other farmers fighting back from the effects of
foot and mouth.

Ken Haynes, rural development advisor with the service, said: "I am also keen to
meet farmers and other rural business people on a one-to-one basis to explain
the England Rural Development Programme and the funding available under it in
more detail, and to advise farmers on how they can make an application."

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

EU funding programme launched to boost Cornwall's rural economy

SECTION: BUSINESS:ECONOMY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 478  words


A new locally led EU funding programme has been launched to support Cornwall's
rural economy.

One of the first tranches of funding to be made available through the new
programme of EU Rural Development funds will offer Cornish rural businesses and
communities an exciting opportunity to develop and grow.

At least £7.3 million is available from the Rural Development Programme for
England via its LEADER delivery framework and will be delivered across Cornwall
through four Local Action Groups. These groups include private, public and
voluntary sector representatives in the four LAG areas of West Cornwall, Coast 2
Coast, Atlantic and Moor and South and East Cornwall.

The main priorities for the locally led funding are to support: increased farm
productivity, farm diversification, micro and small enterprise development,
rural tourism, provision of rural services, cultural and heritage activity, and
increased forestry productivity.

Grants can support a wide range of activities but each LAG has identified
evidenced based priorities for support in their area.  These priorities are set
out in each area's local development strategy and accordingly, in response to
local evidence of need, not all activity can be supported.

Depending on the project, each group will normally offer grants of between
£2,500 and £35,000 to fund up to 50% of project costs.

Projects must deliver activity that results in business/community development
and growth including creation of jobs, increased efficiency and benefits to the
wider rural economy.

Julian German, Cornwall Council's cabinet member for economy and culture said:
"This European funding can reach into our communities to  assist micro
businesses and small enterprise development. The money will make a real
difference across Cornwall and I urge people to get involved and see how this
money can help their business grow."

Sandra Rothwell, chief executive of the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Local
Enterprise Partnership, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to tap into EU
funding at grassroots level and help deliver locally-led growth in rural areas.
The Local Action Groups are there to help businesses and communities make the
most of this investment so please get in touch with them with your ideas."

The LEADER Local Action programme in Cornwall will be managed on behalf of the
LAGs by the Cornwall Development Company (CDC) and is part financed by the
European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and DEFRA with additional
support being provided by Cornwall Council.

David Rodda, rural delivery manager for CDC said: "We have been working with the
LAGs to develop their proposals since DEFRA announced the opportunity presented
by LEADER funding.  We are excited about entering into the delivery phase and
look forward to supporting the LAGs to achieve the aspirations outlined in their
strategies."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

STATE'S RURAL COUNTIES CONTINUE TO STRUGGLE;
INSIDE WISCONSIN

BYLINE:  TOM STILL

SECTION: BUSINESS; INSIDE WISCONSIN; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 890 words


If you want to understand just how misleading the unemployment rate can be as an
economic indicator, take a look at rural Wisconsin.

Using state labor force statistics, a review of a dozen predominantly rural
counties showed a sharp drop in the jobless rate for each county between March
2014 and March 2015. In fact, the average percentage decrease was nearly 1.7
percentage points for these counties: Adams, Ashland, Florence, Green, Iron,
Juneau, Lafayette, Langlade, Oneida, Rusk, Sawyer and Trempealeau.

However, nine of those 12 counties registered March 2015 unemployment rates
higher than the statewide average (5.4 percent). Several had experienced a drop
in the jobless rate while also recording a smaller civilian workforce and fewer
people working. Only half showed a significant increase in the number of people
working.

In short, the unemployment rate was down ? but job growth for those rural
counties was stagnant.

The reasons likely range from an aging population to people simply giving up
looking for work to out-migration, but not necessarily to places such as
Minnesota or Michigan. For many people in rural Wisconsin, pursuit of
opportunity may just as easily lead to a job in Madison or the Milwaukee area ?
or any of a dozen mid-sized cities statewide.

The divide between urban and rural prosperity isn't new, but closing the gap
appears to stubbornly resist the best efforts of many people in federal and
state governments, academia, communities, local education and business. Unless
you assume people simply don't want to live in rural Wisconsin, which runs
counter to many quality-of-life arguments, the prosperity gap compels closer
inspection.

In a recent column, my suggestions for spurring economic growth in rural
Wisconsin included extending high-speed broadband coverage, attracting
investment capital, encouraging entrepreneurs, doing a better job of pursuing
federal grants, increasing exports and making the state more appealing to young
people from elsewhere ? as well as those who left home and would like to return.

Among the responses was a note from a veteran grant writer, who suggested
Wisconsin fares poorly in pursuing grants from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture because it lacks the support system to actually write the proposals.

The state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection ended a
"Producer First" program that provided seed dollars for grant and business plan
writing, which helped entrepreneurs in the agricultural sector.

"Yes, there is (federal money), but access to those funds requires planning and
investment by all involved," he wrote.

Other responses came from people in government, state and federal, or economic
development professionals who cited additional examples of programs and
initiatives in the works.

For example, Gov. Scott Walker's two-year budget bill includes programs related
to transportation for rural schools, a "sparsity aid" program for small
districts, a water-quality initiative tied to farm producers, other non-point
pollution programs, a transfer of $6 million to the Broadband Expansion Grant
program, expansion of the Technology for Educational Achievement program for
rural schools, and other infrastructure improvements tied to transportation, dam
repair and the Eau Claire-area Confluence Arts and Community Center.

The second year of Walker's budget included $55 million to establish revolving
loan funds to be administered by regional economic development organizations and
to be overseen by the new Forward Wisconsin Development Authority. Now that
plans for that merged authority are off the table, Walker has pulled back the
revolving fund idea, as well.

Wisconsin projects cited by the USDA, beginning in 2009, include investments in
386 rural businesses, $122 million invested in rural manufacturing, rural
housing programs that helped 22,940 families and investments in export
development, broadband and water treatment and supply.

Other examples came from local economic development professionals and the
University of Wisconsin System, which increasingly seeks to tie the mission of
its four-year and two-year campuses to applying knowledge close to home.

With all that activity, why is rural Wisconsin's economy still sputtering? While
there's likely no single answer, there may well be multiple answers that involve
partnerships across business, educational and government lines.

Too often, it appears, partisan politics get in the way of better state and
federal cooperation. Local development efforts are complicated by fights over
which jurisdiction gets the property tax revenue if there's a business expansion
or relocation. Businesses may not do the homework to learn about academic
resources right under their noses ... and campuses don't always set up
"one-stop" ports of entry for businesses that try to do so.

Wisconsin's overall economy will continue to lag the nation unless its rural
areas begin to keep pace with the urban. Let's hope both parts can move forward
together.

Still is president of the Wisconsin Technology Council. He is the former
associate editor of the Wisconsin State Journal.

The divide between urban and rural prosperity isn't new, but closing the gap
appears to stubbornly resist the best efforts of many people in federal and
state governments, academia, communities, local education and business.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             April 24, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

OKLAHOMA CITY ;
Coalition names top restaurants

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 351 words


Two Oklahoma eateries were named 2006 Made In Oklahoma Restaurants of the Year
by the Made In Oklahoma coalition in Oklahoma City.

Molly's Landing of Catoosa and Big Belly's BBQ and Steakhouse in Slaughterville
received the award and $500 each for their efforts to promote Oklahoma products.

Julie Fitzgerald, marketing coordinator for the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture, Food and Forestry, said the coalition named two restaurants this
year because judges felt both deserved the award.

There are about 60 restaurants in the state participating in the program.

A complete list is available on the Web at www.miocoalition.com.

STILLWATER Grants to aid small towns

The U.S. Agriculture Department's rural development initiative will provide more
than $517,000 in grant funds through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program
to aid in the growth and development of small towns throughout Oklahoma.

Officials in Stillwater said the primary purpose of the program is to finance
and facilitate development of private business enterprises in rural Oklahoma
towns.

Six ideas were funded, ranging from incubator projects in the Panhandle to water
and sewer infrastructure in southeastern Oklahoma.

The program is eligible to public bodies, nonprofit organizations and federally
recognized Indian tribes.

The grant winners and amounts were: High Plains RC&D, Buffalo, $99,000; Guymon
Utilities Authority, $99,500; Cross Timbers RC&D, Okemah, $99,000; Frederick
Economic Development Authority, $20,000; Clayton, $100,000; and Ardmore
Development Authority, $99,900.

TULSA Annual walk set next month

The second annual "Bridging the Gap" walk will be May 6 at LaFortune Park in
Tulsa to benefit The Bridges Foundation.

Registration begins at 8 a.m. The walk starts at 9:30 a.m.

In 2005, the foundation served 165 clients with developmental disabilities, such
as cerebral palsy, Down syndrome and Asperger syndrome.

Various sponsorship levels are available for those who want to help.

For more information, contact The Bridges Foundation at 1345 N Lewis Ave.,
Tulsa, OK 74110.

The phone number is (918) 592-3333.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               February 27, 2002

Compensation for firms hit by foot and mouth crisis

BYLINE: Edmeades Phil (Sentinel)

SECTION: NEWS; BUSINESS; Agri/Fish/Food; Pg. 17-NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Compensation for firms hit by foot and mouth crisis MORE than 100 rural
businesses in Staffordshire have received grants averaging almost GBP 10,000 to
help them recover from the foot and mouth crisis.

News of the GBP 1 million payouts was announced today after fears of a fresh
outbreak of the epidemic in North Yorkshire proved unfounded.

Figures showed 104 businesses in the county received the cash as part of the
Rural Business Recovery Scheme, which was launched in June last year.

The money was paid out to a wide range of enterprises which could prove they had
suffered a 50 per cent reduction in income between March and April compared to
the same period the previous year.

Business Link Staffordshire, which administered the programme on behalf of
Advantage West Midlands, confirmed 124 companies applied for aid, with the
successful businesses each receiving an average of GBP 9,630.

Operations manager Paddy George said: "Hundreds of small rural businesses in
Staffordshire were badly affected by the foot and mouth crisis and we are
delighted that the majority of applications were approved.

"The resulting grants helped businesses to look forward and take positive steps
to assist their long-term recovery." Business Link confirmed the type of
enterprises which received payments over the eight-month period differed
greatly.

A spokesman said: "They ranged from a rosette manufacturer to businesses that
hire out toilets for countryside events.

Business Link Staffordshire added it was still able to help enterprises
suffering as a result of foot and mouth.


LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Financial injection for rural businesses;
Boston and South Holland borough given cash lifeline

BYLINE: Mark Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS ECHO;BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 462 words


Small rural businesses in Lincolnshire are set to receive further substantial
funding - which is aimed at improving the county's economic prospects.

Farmers, growers and community groups located in a 'rural development' area may
qualify to apply for grants towards important projects. The entire borough of
Boston and South Holland district have been designated to receive a cash
injection.

The Rural Development Programme for England is a grant funding programme jointly
funded by the European Union and central government's department for
environment, food and rural affairs It aims to strengthen and stimulate the
rural economy, providing more opportunities and an improved quality for people
in agricultural areas. The project runs until the end of 2013.

The Wash Fens has already been awarded around £1.2 million from the RDPE
programme.

Justin Brown, Lincolnshire County Council's economic development officer, said:
"The Wash Fens Local Action Group see the Wash Fens as an area that has
considerable potential to improve its economic, social and environmental
position by capitalising on its key rural assets - landscape, waterways, coast,
wildlife, heritage and food - and supporting those who live and work here to
improve their economic prospects."

Of the £1.2 million, £631,634 has been spent, £358,525 is contractually
committed to live projects and £208,840 remains to be allocated.

The value of the projects in the pipeline and potential activity currently
exceeds the balance of Wash Fens funds left to commit.

"Project applications in excess of £166,00 are due to go before the LAG Approval
Panel later this month.

The majority of funding is expected to be fully committed by autumn this year.

There are a number of projects around the county that have already benefited
from the funding.

Boardsides Recycling, in Boston, received £26,000 to invest in a
state-of-the-art mechanical process line that can wash, crush and dry plastic
waste, so it can be melted into pellets and re-used in the manufacture of new
products.

The company processes plastic from food manufacturers that has to be cleaned
before it can be re-used.

Another beneficiary of the scheme is The Thatched Cottage Pub and Restaurant, in
Sutterton.

They received £13,750 to convert a storage building into a farm shop comprising
of a butchers, bakers and delicatessen.

Other completed Wash Fens projects include a visitor shop and cafe at Boston
Stump.

The LAG is also part-funding a major new flagship project to create a marina -
comprising of 69 leisure moorings, a riverside quay and promenade in Sutton
Bridge.

Mr Brown added: "The Wash Fens programme is operating successfully.

"As we move towards the 2014-2020 funding programme, we should seek to replicate
the success of this programme in other areas."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LIE


                        Copyright 2012 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 30, 2010

Rural MN coalition awarded federal broadband grant

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 486  words


The United States Department of Commerce today announced that the Blandin
Foundation and 19 coalition partners have been awarded a $4.7 million federal
Broadband Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP) grant on behalf of rural
Minnesota communities.

BTOP is one of the stimulus grant programs of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act and is administered through the National Telecommunications and
Information Administration.

Through this grant, the Minnesota Intelligent Rural Communities coalition will
bring a network of resources and support to rural Minnesota individuals and
communities-especially those unemployed and seeking employment, small businesses
, coalitions of government entities, and local leaders.

"Vital rural economies demand connected rural communities," said Blandin
Foundation president Jim Hoolihan. The Blandin Foundation will administer this
grant on behalf of the initiative partners."And right now there is a
significant--almost 20 percent--gap between rural and urban home broadband
adoption rates.

"In this incredibly fast-paced world of the Internet, one thing is clear:
communities that invest in broadband connectivity, a robust knowledge workforce,
digital inclusion, innovation and marketing, and advocacy will harness the power
of the Internet and overcome barriers of distance. That's the goal, and the
critical work, of this statewide coalition."

The BTOP grant will be used to leverage resources of coalition partners to
extend small business technical assistance and training, expand hours for access
to workforce centers, distribute refurbished computers, train individuals and
business, create courses for knowledge workers, bring to Minnesota an online
network of care for mental health workers, etc.

Eleven demonstration communities throughout rural Minnesota also will receive up
to $100,000 each to develop and demonstrate broadband projects through the
grant. These "demonstration communities" are Benton County, Cook County, Grand
Rapids/Itasca County, Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, Stevens County, Upper Minnesota
Valley region, Thief River Falls, Will-mar/Kandiyohi County, Winona, Windom and
Worthington.

Blandin Foundation submitted in August 2009 the application for federal
broadband stimulus funding on behalf of University of Minnesota Extension Center
for Community Vitality, Minnesota State Colleges and Universities, University of
Minnesota Crookston, Association of Minnesota Counties and their national
counterpart, Network of Care Mental Health, Intelligent Community Forum,
Minnesota Renewable Energy Marketplace, Minnesota Department of Economic
Development Workforce Centers, PCs for People and Minnesota's nine Regional
Development Commissions.

Total cost of the coalition's proposed projects is estimated at more than $6
million. Minnesota Intelligent Rural Communities coalition members will
contribute $1.3 million in resources as match toward the effort.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Ortonville Independent


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Big V Water to upgrade Mississippi water system

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Regulatory and Policy

LENGTH: 244 words



HIGHLIGHT: Big V Water Association has received a grant from the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) to install a new water well and larger storage tank at its
water system in Prentiss county, Mississippi, US.


Big V Water Association has received a grant from the US Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to install a new water well and larger storage tank at its
water system in Prentiss county, Mississippi, US.

The association will receive approximately $3.2m in funds for the upgrade; a
$1.41m grant, as well as a $1.81m low-interest rural development loan.

Big V Water Association will use the funds to replace an inoperable well, which
is nearly 50 years old, in order to improve service to almost 1,400 households
and small businesses. It will also rehabilitate a second 1980s-era well,
construct a 100,000gal elevated water storage tank, and upgrade some water
lines.

The USDA says that the project will provide around 1,366 rural households and
small businesses with a cost-effective, safe and reliable drinking water
delivery system, upon completion.

US Senator Thad Cochran said that the grant and loan package will enable the
water system to be kept functional for the families and small businesses that
depend on it.

"Many small communities and rural areas have limited wherewithal to make the
expensive infrastructure repairs and upgrades that are often necessary to meet
stringent federal safety and environmental requirements," Cochran added.

The funding is linked to the 2014 farm bill, which responded to rural
development needs by offering new resources to help rural communities. Enacted
in February, the farm bill will provide $150m to improve rural water systems.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Business expanding thanks to district council grant

LENGTH: 348  words


A £4,950 grant from East Lindsey District Council has allowed a South Willingham
business to expand the services it offers.

Welding and fabrication business, Harrison Engineering was awarded the grant
through the council's Rural Development Fund, which helps local businesses
create employment, expand the visitor economy and increase the availability of
skills training.

Harrison Engineering offers a range of services from manufacture of motor trade
brackets to repair of agricultural machinery. The money was used towards the
purchase of a metal guillotine to be used for cutting large pieces of metal
which were previously cut by hand.

This expansion has allowed the business to take on larger jobs and the increased
work over the next 18 months will enable the business to take on an apprentice,
who will be trained in all aspects of welding and fabrication.

Harrison Engineering Partner Andrew Harrison, pictured with ELDC's Craig
Leyland,  said: "The grant has helped the business to purchase a vital piece of
equipment which will increase productivity and the range of jobs we can take
on."

"As work increases over the next year we will be looking to take on an
apprentice to train as a welder and fabricator. "

Portfolio Holder for Economic Development, Councillor Craig Leyland, said: "This
is a great example of how investment into our small and medium businesses can
make a huge difference enabling them to expand and create new job opportunities
and skills within the District."

Since being established two years ago, the Rural Development Fund has supported
23 projects with more than £638,000 of funding as well as seeing six new
businesses created, five festivals, 49 jobs created and numerous volunteering
opportunities across the district.

The funding has also acted as a catalyst to attract nearly £800,000 of
additional investment into the area.

*For more information on the Rural Development Fund which offers local
businesses support through grants and interest-free loans visit
www.e-lindsey.gov.uk/businessfunding or contact the Economy and Tourism team on
01507 613113.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Quoddy Tides (Eastport, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 23, 2013

Counties designated USDA Great Region

BYLINE: The Quoddy Tides staff

LENGTH: 427  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development has designated the
counties of Aroostook, Piscataquis and Washington as the Maine USDA Great
Region. The launch of the Great Region initiative in Maine took place at a
roundtable on August 8 at the University of Maine at Presque Isle. Northern
Maine Development Commission, Piscataquis County Economic Development Council
and Sunrise County Economic Council (SCEC) were named as the key partners that
will work with USDA Rural Development to facilitate efforts in the three county
region. USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel says, "This
important designation concentrates on Aroostook, Piscataquis and Washington
counties to promote economic growth and development around common strengths in
the region. Together with our partners we will encourage efforts to stimulate
local and regional food system activities and the bio-based economy."

SCEC Executive Director Harold Clos-sey says, "I am so pleased Sunrise County
Economic Council has been selected to be a key partner in Maine's Great Region,
and I look forward to supporting the initiative with all of the resources and
ingenuity that Washington County has to offer."

During the roundtable the agencies engaged 25 stakeholders to identify
opportunities for growth in the Great Region's key focus areas of local and
regional food systems and the bio-based economy. The discussion included access
to capital for rural farmers, programs and funding available through the partner
agencies and potential for collaboration.

A designated Great Region is a multi-county region with a regional economic
development plan developed by a local/regional team with broad participation.
The plan is built on analysis of the region's assets. A region that is well
positioned to embark on plan development is a region where key local
institutions bring the open attitude and commitment that indicates the region is
ready to develop or has developed a solid plan. The multi-county region can be
within the state or may cross state boundaries.

USDA Rural Development's existing programs such as the Rural Business Enterprise
Grant, the Intermediary Relend-ing Program, The Rural Business Opportunity
Grant, the Value Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grant Program,
the Rural Energy for America Program, the Community Facilities Program and the
Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants may be some programs that can be
accessed under the Great Region.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QDY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Quoddy Tides


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                                 June 22, 1998

Bids for cash flood in from rural shops;
 INITIATIVE: scores of applications for grants to boost businesses

SECTION: News, Pg.9

LENGTH: 319 words


A SCHEME designed to breathe new life into village shops by awarding grants in a
bid to preserve vital rural services has been inundated with applications.

The initiative to help boost village shops by awarding grants of up to 1,500 was
launched by Bath and North East Somerset Council and South Gloucestershire
Council.

Scores of shops have applied for cash to help improve the service they offer and
councillors are being asked to increase the money available in order support
further projects.

The local authorities established a Village Shop Development Scheme to boost
rural economies and improve the amenities for countryside dwellers.

Grants from 500 to 1,500 are available with shopkeepers having to put up a
minimum of 50 per cent towards improvements.

The scheme is restricted to village shops selling a full range of groceries and
household products in a settlement of fewer than 3,000 people.

A business assessment of the application is carried out by the Rural Development
Commission retail advisor, whose report and recommendations are then put to the
officers of the partnership for final approval.

So far the scheme has received 18 applications, of which 17 have been approved
for grants totalling 7,997 with shopkeepers contributions coming to more than
15,453.

Six shops in the Bath and north east Somerset area have made applications,
include outlets in Bathampton, Hinton Charterhouse, Bishop Sutton and Clutton.
All six have been approved.

In a report to B&NES economic development committee, Steve Wheeler, community
development executive, said: "Village shops make a significant contribution to
the rural economy. Measures to improve their viability can enable them to offer
improved services for local residents, businesses and visitors."

Members of the committee will decide whether to give another 3,000 to the scheme
at a meeting next Monday.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jun 30, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion, or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $5,800,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than June 30, 2014. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than June 24, 2014.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Employment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG)

LENGTH: 215 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program awards funding to improve
the economic condition of rural areas by assisting individuals or entities in
the startup, expansion or operational improvement of rural cooperatives and
other business entities.
Eligibility

Nonprofit corporations and accredited institutions of higher education are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $6,500,000
Award Ceiling: $200,000
Grantees are required to contribute 25 percent of the total project cost.
Application
process

The application package for applying on paper for this funding opportunity can
be obtained through the program website.

Electronic application packets are available through grants.gov

Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than July 15, 2013. Electronic copies must be submitted through grants.gov
no later than July 10, 2013.
Tagged as  Community Development, Economic Development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Rural Aid Goes to Urban Areas;
USDA Development Program Helps Suburbs, Resort Cities

BYLINE: Gilbert M. Gaul and Sarah Cohen; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2695 words

DATELINE: PROVINCETOWN, Mass.


In a few weeks, artists, lawyers and bankers will begin arriving here for the
busy summer season on high-speed ferries that take 90 minutes to make the trip
from Boston. They will land at a recently refurbished municipal dock that was
built with the help of a $1.95 million low-interest loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

A few blocks away, the Provincetown Art Association and Museum has used nearly
$3 million in grants and loans from the Agriculture Department to add gallery
space and renovate a historic sea captain's house. A short drive back down the
Cape, the department is financing a new actors theater in Wellfleet and recently
awarded a grant to a garden center in Hyannis to build a windmill.

Although Cape Cod is only a short trip from Boston and Providence, R.I., and is
home to some of the wealthiest beach towns in the United States, to the
Agriculture Department it meets the definition of rural America. That means it
qualifies for aid originally intended for farmland and backwoods areas that were
isolated and poor, struggling to keep their heads above water.

"Provincetown is many things to many people, and to USDA we're rural," said
Keith A. Bergman, the town manager. "We'll take it."

He isn't alone.

On Martha's Vineyard, the USDA guaranteed a $4.5 million loan for the popular
Black Dog Tavern. The loan, which has since been repaid, was to refinance the
tavern's mortgage and expand Black Dog's retail clothing stores. On Nantucket,
where the population swells to the size of a small city in summer months, the
Agriculture Department provides rental subsidies for families priced out of the
local market.

All told, the USDA has handed out more than $70 billion in grants, loans and
loan guarantees since 2001 as part of its sprawling but little-known Rural
Development program. More than half of that money has gone to metropolitan
regions or communities within easy commuting distance of a midsize city,
including beach resorts and suburban developments, a Washington Post
investigation found.

More than three times as much money went to metropolitan areas with populations
of 50,000 or more ($30.3 billion) as to poor or shrinking rural counties ($8.6
billion). Recreational or retirement communities alone got $8.8 billion.

Among the recipients were electric companies awarded almost $1 billion in
low-interest loans to serve the booming suburbs of Atlanta and Tampa. Beach
towns from Cape Cod to New Jersey to Florida collected federal money for water
and sewer systems, town halls, and boardwalks. An Internet provider in Houston
got $23 million in loans to wire affluent subdivisions, including one that
boasts million-dollar houses and an equestrian center.

The USDA's regulations determining eligible rural communities vary from program
to program and are often influenced by Congress. There are 40 separate programs
under Rural Development. They include low-interest housing loans, USDA-backed
loans for businesses, and grants for communities and nonprofit groups.

In some programs, awards are limited to towns with populations of less than
2,500. In others, it's 5,000, 10,000, 20,000 or 50,000. In still other cases,
the USDA bases its decisions on individual streets or blocks, using census data.

"Nobody understands it. I don't understand it," said J. Gregory Greco, a
business specialist who works out of the USDA's Rural Development office in
Harrisburg, Pa. "You may find one area of town is eligible and another isn't. It
can be by street: One side is eligible and another is not. I defy you to give
the logic of it."

Although Harrisburg is the state capital and is surrounded by growing suburbs,
businesses still qualify for USDA-backed loans because the city's population --
48,000 at the last census -- is 2,000 below the cutoff for certain programs. In
2004, the USDA guaranteed a $1.2 million loan for a new Hyundai dealership near
a major interstate there. There are about a dozen other car dealers in the same
Zip code, according to government data.

A few miles away, in Camp Hill, the USDA backed more than $5 million in loans to
Coliseum Entertainment Group, which recently opened a restaurant and
entertainment complex. And in State College, home of Pennsylvania State
University, the USDA guaranteed a $4.6 million loan to United Entertainment of
St. Cloud, Minn., to open a multiplex movie theater. A loan guarantee from the
government allows businesses to borrow money at cheaper rates.

Patrick Myers, the president of Coliseum Entertainment, said he learned about
the loan program from his bank.

"Apparently, it goes by population," he said of the "rural" designation. "I
guess if we compare it to Washington, D.C., we are, but if you compare it to
Kansas, we're not."

The Growing Program

The USDA's role in rural development dates to the Dust Bowl in the 1930s, when
thousands of farmers went broke and many of the small communities where they
lived dried up like the ground beneath their feet.

President Franklin D. Roosevelt responded with programs to resettle farmers and
bring electricity to isolated corners of the nation. Rural electrification was a
resounding success that brought many communities out of abject poverty. Over the
years, programs followed for housing, telephones, business loans and community
grants -- and the eligibility criteria expanded.

Today, 40 separate programs operate under the USDA's Rural Development division.
They are included as a separate title in the Farm Bill, the government's
five-year master plan for agriculture, currently up for renewal before Congress.
There are programs for broadband Internet access, telemedicine and long-distance
learning. Rural Development also provides billions in housing loans and rental
subsidies for residents in more than 400,000 apartments scattered across the
country.

The agency operates programs in every state, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin
Islands and has nearly 7,000 employees. Most states have multiple offices. New
Jersey, for example, has five, as well as a satellite operation near the beach.
Almost 50 employees in New Jersey work on sewer, housing and business programs,
awarding loans and grants of nearly $50 million a year.

Thomas C. Dorr, the undersecretary for Rural Development, describes the
division's role as the "venture capitalist for rural America." The program
provides "equity, liquidity and technical assistance to finance and foster
growth" and preserve rural communities, the political appointee said in
testimony before Congress.

But as the program has expanded, it has become more complicated, bureaucratic
and secretive. The USDA instructed its employees not to answer questions from a
Post reporter, steering all queries to Washington. Some documents obtained under
the Freedom of Information Act were heavily redacted, so reporters could not
determine the amounts of loans or locations of businesses. New Jersey officials
blotted out names and figures in one of their own news releases.

In general, USDA officials maintain that they are parceling out aid to rural
areas according to the rules laid out by the department and Congress. "Rural
America is vast," covering 75 percent of the nation's land mass, Dorr testified
in October.

Members of Congress take a keen interest in Rural Development programs. Often a
member will arrange a photo opportunity when the Agriculture Department awards a
grant in the lawmaker's district. In several instances, members have interceded
so towns and cities that would not otherwise be eligible could still get money,
records and interviews show.

But even members of Congress have pointed out that the rules have become
unwieldy. The "mixed definitions" of what is considered rural continue to
challenge the Rural Development program, Rep. Frank D. Lucas (R-Okla.) said at a
March 2006 hearing. "I believe we should work to find a consistent definition of
the term 'rural' that would apply to all of the programs across all agencies,"
he said.

Boons for Provincetown

Provincetown, at the tip of Cape Cod, qualified for Rural Development aid
because it has a year-round population of about 4,000, below the threshold of
20,000 for community loans and grants. The USDA does not take into account that
the summer population is at least 10 times as large. Nor does it consider that
Provincetown has some of the most expensive real estate in the United States and
relatively modest taxes.

Property values are more than six times what they were 20 years ago, and the tax
base  tops $2 billion. More than two-thirds of the houses in Provincetown are
investment properties or second homes.

But in the eyes of the Agriculture Department, it is still considered to be
rural.

"Our regulation says a city or town of less than 20,000. That's it," said Daniel
Beaudette, director of community programs for Rural Development in
Massachusetts.

Many of the historic houses in Provincetown are being carved up into
condominiums, with a tiny one-bedroom unit selling for upwards of $600,000,
according to the town's tax assessor, Paul M. Gavin. "We're kind of like a
little Manhattan here," he said.

In 2003, the town received its $1.95 million government loan from Rural
Development to help rebuild MacMillan Pier. In an e-mail, a spokeswoman for the
Massachusetts program explained that the pier was "considered an essential
facility as it is the hub of the local fishing industry and the ferry to
Boston."

But the local fishery is in decline. "The business of the harbor is now largely
related to tourism," the town's Web site says. The ferry costs about $50 each
way.

A short walk from the pier up Commercial Street, the nonprofit Provincetown Art
Association and Museum has received four Rural Development loans and grants
since 2004, using the money to increase its space, add climate-controlled
facilities and renovate the sea captain's house. One loan, for $775,000, was
awarded to cover cost overruns, records show.

Museum Executive Director Christine McCarthy said museum staffers stumbled upon
the Rural Development program while looking for grants. "I had no idea they
funded cultural projects," she said. USDA officials took a strong interest in
the museum. "We're geographically challenged here," McCarthy said.

Rural by Some Measure

In New Jersey, the most densely populated state, Rural Development has awarded
$250 million for projects in the past five years, including at least $75 million
to beach and coastal towns, a Post analysis found. Last year, the agency spent
$8.6 million on rental assistance there -- more than it spent on such aid in
Nebraska, Kansas, Montana or North Dakota.

The city of Wildwood, on the Atlantic north of historic Cape May, experiences
population swings similar to those of other beach towns. In the winter, the
population is less than 6,000 and includes many poor seasonal workers. But in
the summer, the boardwalk and spacious beaches fill up and the population nears
250,000,  transforming Wildwood into one of the largest cities in the state.
Best known for its low-slung motels and "Doo-Wop" style of architecture, the
city is undergoing a revitalization, with property values tripling to about $2
billion.

Since 2001, Wildwood has been awarded about $13 million by Rural Development in
loans and grants, records show. Nearly $10 million has been awarded for sewer
repairs to handle the surging summer crowds and traffic from a new convention
center. Wildwood has also received millions to replace windows and doors at its
city hall, renovate a long stretch of boardwalk, repair public restrooms, spruce
up streets, and conduct a parking study.

"Because of the densities of Wildwood, Wildwood may not appear to be rural, but
it meets the formula for rural," said Gordon Dahl, a federally funded economic
development official who has helped the city obtain many of its grants. "It's
sort of like saying, 'Is the tax code fair?' Some people would say it is, and
some people would say it isn't."

The city, which has been designated an "Urban Enterprise Zone" by state
officials, has enjoyed the backing of Rep. Frank A. LoBiondo (R-N.J.). The
congressman and his staff have made numerous inquiries to Rural Development
officials on behalf of Wildwood and other towns in LoBiondo's district,
correspondence obtained under the Freedom of Information Act shows.

"As I've always said, we are blessed to have Frank LoBiondo as a leader in
Congress," Wildwood Mayor Ernie Troiano Jr. was quoted as saying in a news
release issued by LoBiondo's office in August. "He continues to be proactive in
obtaining necessary grants to help our communities and a fine example of what
dedicated public servants means to our communities."

LoBiondo's spokesman said the congressman was responding to Wildwood's request
for help. "The congressman is happy to write a letter," Jason Galanes said. "But
that's the extent of his involvement.

"It's not for the congressman to create the definition or to dole these grants
out," Galanes added. "The argument could be made that the federal government
should update its definition. But it's not for the congressman to decide."

The four other beach towns on the five-mile barrier island with Wildwood
received grants and loans from Rural Development totaling more than $10 million,
a Post analysis found. Cape May got about $4 million to repair its sewers. City
Manager Luciano V. Corea Jr. said the money is a form of tax relief for local
property holders. "It's obviously going to save us a significant amount of
money," he said. The median price of a house in Cape May is about $450,000.

Up the New Jersey coast, the beach town of Lavallette received more than $5
million for its water and sewer systems. The population is 10 times as large in
the summer, more than 30,000, and places a strain on the systems, according to
Michele Burk, the town's chief financial officer. The average price of a house
in Lavallette is about $700,000.

Burk said "USDA went out of its way to advertise" that money was available. Ten
to 15 years ago, year-round residents had to drive across the bridge to shop,
Burk said. "Not so much anymore. Ten to 15 years ago," she said, "it was quite
rural."

Rural Development aid can go even to areas from which the spires of Manhattan
are visible. Haledon, N.J. -- about 10 miles from New York -- was awarded grants
and loans for its water system totaling $4 million. "Haledon is a small
community, well under 10,000, and it's not wealthy," said Justin Mahon, an
engineer who worked on the project. "But would I characterize it as rural? No.
This isn't Mississippi."

Subsidized Suburbs

Rural Development money does not go just to beach towns and hamlets looking to
spruce up their boardwalks and rebuild their aging infrastructure. The money
also fuels massive suburban growth.

Three utilities serving the booming Atlanta suburbs have received more than $400
million since 2001, records show.

Jackson Electric Membership Corp. describes its service area as one of the "most
dynamic growth centers in America."

Greystone Power serves "eight metropolitan Atlanta counties," according to its
Web site, including "some of the fastest growing areas not only in the state but
in the nation."

Sawnee Electric Membership Corp. boasts that its territory includes the
fastest-growing county in the nation, Forsyth County, in northern Georgia.

Utility companies are allowed to keep coming back to the USDA under a policy
known as "once a borrower, always a borrower," which provides rural utilities
access to a pool of cheap capital, even if the once-rural territory they served
is rapidly transforming into a suburb.

Attempts by the Bush administration to repeal the provision have been rebuffed
by Congress.

In addition to electricity, Rural Development money is also funding high-speed
Internet service. In 2005, the USDA's inspector general questioned more than
$100 million in loans to wire subdivisions near Chicago, Minneapolis, Pittsburgh
and Kansas City. In one case, ETS Telephone Company & Subsidiaries got $22.9
million to wire a series of new subdivisions outside  Houston, including one
near a golf course.

"They met the definition for a rural area," USDA officials said.

Research editor Alice Crites contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Provincetown Chamber Of Commerce; In 2003, the Agriculture
Department gave a $1.95 million loan to help rebuild a Cape Cod pier.
Provincetown, Mass., a vacation spot with soaring property values and moderate
taxes, says that "the business of the harbor is now largely related to tourism."

IMAGE; By Thomas P. Costello For The Washington Post; A USDA program originally
meant for isolated, rural areas helped update the boardwalk in Wildwood, N.J.
IMAGE
IMAGE; By Vincent Dewitt For The Washington Post; MacMillan Pier in
Provincetown, Mass., was "considered an essential facility as it is the hub of
the local fishing industry and the ferry to Boston," an official said, but the
industry is waning as tourism takes over Cape Cod.
IMAGE; Usda Inspector General's Report; These houses, less than 10 miles from
Houston, were wired for high-speed Internet with the help of a low-interest loan
from the Agriculture Department. ETS Telephone Company & Subsidiaries got $22.9
million to wire a series of new subdivisions in the area.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Wiltshire Gazette and Herald

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

£60k grant means more jobs at Pewsey packing firm

BYLINE: Anna Mauremootoo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words


Pewsey manufacturer Shredhouse Ltd is to receive a £60,000 grant to help the
business expand.

The company, based on Salisbury Road Business Park, produces high-end giftware
packaging for clients including The Body Shop and Estee Lauder.

It is the first business in Wiltshire to receive a Rural Economy Grant, funded
by the European Union.

An increase in orders means that the company has outgrown its buildings and
needs to extend its premises so stock can be kept onsite.

The grant will cover a third of the building costs and work is expected to start
in the middle of February.

Phil Stephens, who launched the family-run business, said: "It's not often
someone gives you a large sum of money so we were pleased to get the grant.

"We had to jump through a lot of hoops for the grant but the business has been
going for about 18 years, so we have a strong business plan and we could prove
that the business is sustainable."

The company also leads the field in the UK in developing
environmentally-friendly and recyclable products, which are much in demand for
presentation and protection.

As a result of the planned expansion, the company will soon be taking on two or
three new full-time staff.

Rural Economy Grants are funded by the Rural Development Programme England
through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and are
administered by Wiltshire Council, working with Defra.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Eastern Daily Press

                                 April 13, 2004

More than 160 Norfolk businesses have been already helped with grants from
Business Link for Norfolk.

BYLINE: CROSST

SECTION: FIN

LENGTH: 415 words


More than 160 Norfolk businesses have been already helped with grants from
Business Link for Norfolk.

The money has supported their businesses in many ways, from the purchase of
printing equipment to the production of new publicity materials. To date, over
£150,000 has been awarded in grants to local companies and individuals.

The places to benefit from this funding are Breckland, a strip of the North
Norfolk coast and parts of Yarmouth. All these areas are recognised as needing
help to achieve business growth. Funding is aimed at maintaining existing
industries as well as creating new ones.

The two-year scheme, funded by the European Regional Development Fund, is
available to small and medium-sized enterprises in the Norfolk Objective 2 areas
mentioned above. Business Link for Norfolk led the bid for the funding in
partnership with many of the district councils, the county council and the East
of England Development Agency.

In addition to the Objective 2 business support package, rural business support
is available from the Norfolk Rural Business Advice Service, based at Easton
College and supported by Business Link for Norfolk.

Its team of four experienced advisers are busy working with farmers and rural
businesses across the county.

The team looks at a wide range of business opportunities and diversification
projects. The work ranges from straightforward barn conversions to developing
essential oils and from setting up equestrian developments to vermiculture.

Richard Rampton, rural business adviser, said: "With so many changes in
agriculture in recent years, the whole rural economy has had to look at change
for survival and profitability. A great deal of work and funding has gone into
preparing Norfolk farming operations and other rural businesses to embrace
change in one form of another."

He added: "Farming has supported so many other enterprises in the past. As well
as employing large numbers and maintaining village activity and economy it has
kept numbers up in a local school and often assisted in keeping a post office or
village shop open. We believe supporting these parts of Norfolk is a vital part
of our work and we would encourage more businesses to seek support from Business
Link for Norfolk."

If you want to check whether your business may be eligible for Objective 2
funding visit www.norfolkobjective2.co.uk. For more information on business
support, call Business Link for Norfolk on 08457 218218.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2004

                    Copyright 2004 Eastern Daily Press (EDP)


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 10, 1985 Friday

Newfoundland offers variety of aid programs

BYLINE: PAT ROCHE; GAM

LENGTH: 714 words


By  PAT ROCHE
 Promoting small rural enterprises such as fish plants and sawmills has
 been a major policy goal of the Newfoundland Government since the
 provincial Conservatives came to power in 1972.

Through the Rural Development Authority, the province has lent a total
 of $21-million to support almost 2,200 small projects ranging from
 secondary fish processing to boat building.

About half the low- interest loans of $25,000 or less were for
 resource-based projects, such as harvesting pulpwood or developing new
 fish products. The rest ranged from metal bashing to furniture-making.

Also, under a federal-provincial rural development funding agreement
 signed last year, small rural manufacturing and processing ventures can
 apply for non-repayable grants of up to $50,000 to cover up to half the
 cost of a plant expansion.

Of the $3-million available for such projects under that four- year
 agreement, grants totalling $600,000 have been approved.

Urban as well as rural businesses can apply for funding under a five-
 year, $21- million federal-provincial agreement signed last year to
 promote tourism.

Another cost-sharing agreement both governments signed in 1984 sets up
 a $28-million development fund for the Burin Peninsula. Intended to
 stimulate private and public sector job creation to offset job losses in
 fish processing, the fund provides non-repayable grants to businesses
 located or planning to locate on the Burin Peninsula.

Besides what it pays under cost-shared agreements with the province,
 the federal Government also provides non-repayable grants to small
 manufacturers for plant modernization and expansion under its Industrial
 and Regional Development Program.

During the 1984-85 fiscal year the federal Department of Regional
 Industrial Expansion approved 63 projects worth a total of $4.4- million
 under IRDP.

Locations for incubating small businesses will be created under the
 $17.8-million Canada-Newfoundland industrial development sub-agreement,
 phase 2, signed in 1983.

A $2.9-million incubator mall is being built at Pasadena, near Corner
 Brook, in western Newfoundland. Space will be rented at a subsidized rate
 to a dozen fledgling manufacturing companies until they mature.

Other installations to be built under the agreement include an
 incubator mall and an industrial park at Port- aux-Basques, and industrial
 parks at Windsor and Gander.

These installations will be operated by the Newfoundland and Labrador
 Development Corp., one of the agencies through which the province funds
 small business.

NLDC has funded 343 small business loan and equity proposals worth
 $49.5-million during the past 10 years. It provides management counseling
 and administers a venture capital program for small business.

Consulting services are also offered by the P.J. Gardiner Institute for
 Small Business at Memorial University in St. John's.

Among the services it can provide for a $50- a-day fee are market
 research and cash flow analysis, although this assistance is limited to
 small enterprises that cannot afford to use private management
 consultants.

Both the federal and Newfoundland governments are attempting to
 increase local spinoff from marine industries. Through its Ocean
 Industries Capital Assistance Program, the province provided funding of
 $2.6-million to 22 local marine supply and service companies.

The province's program was replaced last year by a federal-provincial
 ocean industries agreement to provide $28-million over five years to
 develop local suppliers for the fishing, petroleum and marine
 transportation industries. So far, $2.2- million has been approved for 12
 projects.

Other programs through which the Newfoundland Government supports small
 business include:
    The Department of Fisheries guarantees bank loans to cover the
 operating costs of small fish processors. Present guarantees total $15-
 million. Low interest loans are available to expand or build secondary
 fish processing plants and companies can get grants to promote fish
 products.

The Department of Development and Tourism has a vast array of programs
 to aid new and existing ventures, including support for product
 development or enhancement, and marketing.

The Fisheries Loan Board and the Farm Development Board subsidize
 interest rates on loans to fishermen and farmers, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2013

Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers, biobased initiatives

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 967  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week announced the selection of 110
grants to agricultural producers and rural businesses that will help create jobs
and develop new products. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant
budget uncertainty. The announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to
strengthen the rural economy.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

In the announcement, 110 awardees are being selected for USDA Rural Development
Value-Added Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers
increase their income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new
products or developing new uses for existing products.

The awards announced last week include 11 projects involving bio-based products.
They include grants to convert: corn stover to anhydrous ammonia; miscanthus
fiber, wood and goat manure into biochar and enhanced compost; and sorghum to
electricity and fertilizer.

A number of Native American applicants will also receive support for their
projects. For example, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe Farm & Ranch Enterprise of
Colorado will receive over $92,000 to bring a cornmeal product to market. This
grant will help the Tribe market and distribute the Indian cornmeal products,
and secure customers. This year marks the first time that tribal entities have
received funding through the VAPG program.

Glenmary Gardens in Bristol, Va., will use a $213,000 grant to expand the
processing and marketing of locally grown fruits and vegetables into jellies,
ice cream, and flavored syrups. Glenmary Gardens is a family-owned operation
providing freshly grown berries, fruits and vegetables to the Virginia and
Tennessee Tri-City area. Old Wood LLC in Las Vegas, N.M., will use a $300,000
working capital award to expand sales of its unique, engineered-panel and
wood-block flooring made from small-diameter trees.

In Cody, Wyoming, George Farms will utilize a $33,290 grant to complete a
feasibility study enabling the dairy operation an opportunity to determine value
added options for their family owned dairy. As a result of the feasibility
study, local and regional consumers will have the opportunity to purchase and
consume locally produced fresh dairy products.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyf-compassmap.htm

USDA Rural Development is funding an array of projects involving locally
produced and marketed foods. These include cheese, wine, reduced-cholesterol
dairy products, produce, packaged poultry, pork and beef products, and a variety
of processed or prepared foods from locally grown fruits and vegetables.

The Wisconsin Food, Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., will use a $150,000
working capital award to assist in the startup of a regional fresh produce food
hub and packinghouse that was created to enhance access to wholesale markets for
the local farm economy and create private-sectors jobs. The food hub will
aggregate local produce sold under the Wisconsin Farmed brand.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, the VAPG program has helped more
than 600 agricultural producers and rural businesses.

Through 2008, Congress made several enhancements to the VAPG program. It
expanded the definition of value-added to include locally-produced agricultural
food products, and it gave priority to projects that focus on increasing
opportunities for small and midsize family farmers and ranchers, beginning
farmers and ranchers, and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For a complete list of Value-Added Producer Grant award recipients selected last
week, visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/supportdocu-ments/rdVAPGFY2012Awards5_l_2013.pdf. Funding
for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Sundance Times


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 19, 2005

Thirty businesses get :608,000 to create new ventures

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 219 words


Thirty farm businesses are to share £608,000 in Scottish Executive funding to
diversify their operations.  The cash from the Farm Business Development Scheme
was announced by Rural Development Minister Ross Finnie.

The latest grants to help farmers create new or expand existing business and
create employment takes funding made available by the scheme to £11.5million.

Mr Finnie said: "The support the Farm Business Development Scheme provides can
be crucial not only to the success of a new business but also to the provision
of services within our rural areas." Among farmers who have previously received
grants is John Logan, who runs the Blairmains Farm Shop and Coffee Bothy, near
Stirling.

Mr Finnie singled it out as an excellent example of what the scheme could do to
help farms diversify.

He added: "Having received funding for expansion through the FBDS, Mr Logan now
provides employment for 30 people living in his local area and last month won
the NFU Scotland innovation award.

"I hope that many more farming families thinking of diversifying will apply to
the scheme before it closes for applications at the end of 2006, so that more
rural communities can see the benefits." The FBDS operates in lowland Scotland.
A separate scheme operates in the Highlands and Islands.


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday

£1.2m Grant scheme to aid rural industries

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 204 words


Rural businesses in Carmarthenshire could benefit from a new £1.2 million grant
fund being launched by the county council.

The Rural Conversion Grant will enable eligible new and existing businesses to
convert redundant buildings for business use.

Councillor Clive Scourfield, executive board member for regeneration, said: "The
Rural Conversion Grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire," he added.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county, and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities."

The new grant scheme is part of a £7 million package of initiatives to have
received Rural Development Plan funding.

It is estimated to be worth around £800 million to Wales  to 2013.

Carmarthenshire Council's physical regeneration project officer Mike Bull said:
"The scheme is  welcoming applications.

"Our team will be able to provide full support during the application process to
guide people through in the hope that their applications will be successful."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2009 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday

£1.2m grant scheme to aid rural industries

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 204 words


Rural businesses in Carmarthenshire could benefit from a new £1.2 million grant
fund being launched by the county council.

The Rural Conversion Grant will enable eligible new and existing businesses to
convert redundant buildings for business use.

Councillor Clive Scourfield, executive board member for regeneration, said: "The
Rural Conversion Grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire," he added.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county, and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities."

The new grant scheme is part of a £7 million package of initiatives to have
received Rural Development Plan funding.

It is estimated to be worth around £800 million to Wales  to 2013.

Carmarthenshire Council's physical regeneration project officer Mike Bull said:
"The scheme is  welcoming applications.

"Our team will be able to provide full support during the application process to
guide people through in the hope that their applications will be successful."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 37


                    Copyright 2009 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday

£1.2m grant scheme to aid rural industries

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 204 words


Rural businesses in Carmarthenshire could benefit from a new £1.2 million grant
fund being launched by the county council.

The Rural Conversion Grant will enable eligible new and existing businesses to
convert redundant buildings for business use.

Councillor Clive Scourfield, executive board member for regeneration, said: "The
Rural Conversion Grant is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs in rural
Carmarthenshire to secure capital funding to expand, safeguard or establish
their business.

"This money will bring many economic benefits to businesses in rural
Carmarthenshire," he added.

"It marks a major step forward in the ongoing regeneration of the county, and
supports the innovative work that the council is leading to support and develop
our communities."

The new grant scheme is part of a £7 million package of initiatives to have
received Rural Development Plan funding.

It is estimated to be worth around £800 million to Wales  to 2013.

Carmarthenshire Council's physical regeneration project officer Mike Bull said:
"The scheme is  welcoming applications.

"Our team will be able to provide full support during the application process to
guide people through in the hope that their applications will be successful."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 37


                    Copyright 2009 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Village of Deferiet to Receive Over $620k in
Federal Funding for Water Management

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Village of Deferiet has received a Water and Waste Disposal Grant for
$622,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural Development's Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. The funding will be used to provide a new
transmission line between the Villages of Deferiet and nearby Herrings, and will
make distribution system improvements in both villages, including the addition
of several new fire hydrants, new well pumps and a new 225 gallon elevated
storage tank.

"Supporting New York's rural communities with smart investments for water
management is pivotal for communities like the Village of Deferiet and its local
economy. It improves water management, safeguards public health and spurs
economic development," said Senator Schumer. "This USDA Rural Development
investment for Deferiet's local water storage and hydrant systems will in turn
help enhance quality of life in the community and lead the way for further
economic development in the region."

"Investing in water infrastructure like this is one of the smartest and most
effective ways to lead us to new economic growth," Senator Gillibrand said.
"Upgrading water infrastructure can help local families live healthier, while
helping to attract new businesses and support jobs to strengthen the local
economy. And when these investments are made at the federal level like this,
that helps hold the line on property taxes."

The USDA Rural Development funding for the Village of Deferiet in Jefferson
County is comprised of a $622,000 grant. The USDA Rural Development's mission is
to increase economic opportunity and improve the quality of life for rural
residents. USDA Rural Development fosters growth in homeownership, finances
business development, and supports the creation of necessary community and
technology infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Bray People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Bray People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Bray People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                                 June 13, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Enniscorthy Guardian (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Enniscorthy Guardian (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          New Ross Standard (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          New Ross Standard (Ireland)

                                 June 12, 2012

Large turnout to WLD Farm Diversification Seminar

SECTION:

LENGTH: 733 words


WEXFORD LOCAL Development (WLD) brought a good news story to in excess of 100
farmers at a seminar entitled "Opportunities for Farm Diversification" held in
the Ferrycarrig Hotel, Wexford last Wednesday night.

Introduced by Mr Pat Rath, WLD Chairman and presented by Brian Kehoe, WLD CEO,
the seminar focused on the options and opportunities for farmers in Co Wexford
to diversify into non-agricultural activities on their farms with the benefit of
substantial grant aid now available from WLD. Mr Rath expressed his delight at
the large turnout from all corners of the county and assured those present of
the commitment of WLD through the National Rural Development Programme to
support farmers with grant aid for a range of projects. The audience was
enlightened by presentations from a range of enthusiastic and optimistic
like-minded speakers from the farm and business world.

Highly acclaimed business consultant, author and former CEO of Wexford Farmers
Co-op, Blaise Brosnan brought his unique blend of practical management
experience and down to earth advice to farmers who are seeking opportunities to
generate additional income from non-agricultural activities on the farm. Blaise
spoke of the importance of being passionate about your business and not to fear
change. In his own inimitable way, he categorised people into three types: those
who make things happen, those who watch while others make things happen and
those who wonder what happened. He assumed that most of the audience were in the
former category and were on the first step to business success.

The seminar also heard from journalist and farmer, Peter Young, well known for
his weekly articles in the Irish Farmers Journal focusing on innovation and
starting a business in rural Ireland. Peter gave a fast-moving presentation
focusing on successful rural entrepreneurs from around the country. He stressed
that business ideas don't have to be complicated, sometimes the simplest ideas
work best. He cautioned that optimism must be balanced with realism and that
this hadn't always happened in the past.

The audience also heard real-life stories from two Wexford farmers who have
diversified and developed successful businesses with the help of grant aid from
WLD. Patrick Berridge, a successful dairy farmer and cheese producer from
Adamstown, told of his lifetime experience with various business ventures. He is
currently developing a food waste management business with support from WLD.
Meanwhile, Simon Cooper, of Featherbed Farm Ice Cream, based in Oylegate
outlined the process involved in developing this successful farm-based business.
WLD GRANTS AVAILABLE Tom Bermingham of WLD's Rural Development Programme
informed the audience that in excess of EUR5 million has been allocated to
entrepreneurs and community groups across Co Wexford by WLD since mid 2009. He
went on to outline the grant aid process and supports available from WLD for
both food and non-food related farm diversification projects. Speaking
specifically in relation to farm diversification, Mr Bermingham said that grants
of up to 75% are now available for niche projects.

Grant aid is available for feasibility studies as well as for the capital and
marketing needs of both new and existing businesses.

He encouraged those present at the seminar to avail of the great opportunity
presented by the current availability of this level of grant aid from WLD. He
emphasised the importance of people contacting WLD prior to commencing any
project that may be eligible for grant aid.

NEW WLD FARM DIVERSIFICATION TRAINING PROGRAMME

Rural development specialist, Yvonne Byrne, outlined details of an innovative
programme soon to be rolled out by WLD, where farmers involved in developing a
non-agricultural enterprise will be selected to participate in a twelve week
Farm Diversification Business Training Programme. This is an exciting
opportunity for farmers to avail of expert guidance in establishing their
business.

Brian Kehoe, CEO, stated that WLD are fully committed to supporting farmers and
rural people to develop new niche businesses in their local area. He expressed
his gratitude to the speakers on the night, but especially to the large number
of farmers who listened attentively for three hours. He went on to encourage
Wexford farmers to diversify into niche products or services which can avail of
substantial grant aid now available.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

USDA loans reach $1.5B to rural Alaska over last five years

BYLINE: Elwood Brehmer, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1089 words


Sept. 11--Alaska U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development staff convened
in Anchorage Sept. 5 to hear from other government groups and local
organizations about how layered economic development efforts can work together
to benefit the outlying areas of the state.

USDA Rural Development Alaska Director Jim Nordlund said his staff of regional
managers and program directors is tasked with work unparalleled Outside.

"Rural Alaska is probably the most challenging place in the country to create
jobs and move the population forward in terms of their wellbeing," Nordlund
said.

He attributed much of the challenge to the simple fact that the programs --
state, federal and otherwise -- available to rural Alaskans often go untapped.

Despite communications, infrastructure and technology barriers, the USDA has
loaned nearly $1.5 billion over the last five years to Alaska rural development
projects. Nordlund said the department has a $200 billion loan portfolio
nationwide, "That makes us one of the largest banks in the country."

Alaska Department of Commerce, Community and Economic Development Deputy
Commissioner Jon Bittner said the Division of Economic Development, which he
oversees, is a central location for businesses looking to grow, or for business
owners who just have questions, whether they are inquiring about assistance
programs or state marketing campaigns.

"We'll put you together with the people and tools you need to succeed," Bittner
told the Rural Development staff.

Gretchen Fauske, a business development officer with the Commerce Department
said the Division of Economic Development uses the 10 Alaska Regional
Development Organizations, or ARDORs, to connect particularly with rural areas.

"The ARDOR program is a huge boom for us in terms of understanding what's going
on in the state and being able to offer assistance when we can," she said.

The state's commercial fishing loan programs are a specific example of a wide
range of loan programs the state offers to small businesses that might not
qualify for other forms of financing, Bittner said.

The Division of Economic Development advertises 10 loan programs ranging from
those looking to improve alternative energy conservation in commercial buildings
or for the purchase of new, capital-intensive communications equipment for
aircraft, among other things.

The fishing loans offer term options specified for each of a dozen
industry-specific needs. To date, the state has provided more than $700 million
to three generations of fishers through the loans, Bittner said.

"This is a bridge loan that works to get them from financially risky to
financially secure," he said.

When the Rural Development staff is searching for information of any kind about
a specific village, Bittner referred them to the state Division of Community and
Regional Affairs. DCRA offers unique cultural and day-to-day life insight that
is impossible to find elsewhere, he said.

"They're my one-stop shop for everything I need to know about a community from
statistics and facts and things you can find through in-depth research, but also
for on the ground information," Bittner said.

Bittner and other panelists including Anchorage Economic Development Corp.
President and CEO Bill Popp agreed that economic development and community
development are separate, but intertwined entities, both needing the other to
succeed.

For a community large or small to have a healthy economy it must also be safe,
have working infrastructure, and generally a "good social fabric," among other
things, Popp said.

The USDA Rural Development group understands the relationship between community
and economy and works to strengthen both through its work, Nordlund said.

U.S. Economic Development Administration representative Shirley Kelly, who sat
on a panel of state and federal representatives with Bittner and Fauske,
emphasized a focus on private sector benefit in the projects the agency
approves.

The panel discussions were part of a three-day training agenda aimed at opening
communication between USDA Rural Development staff and potential federal, state
and local collaborators.

Kelly said the Economic Development Administration, or EDA, has a beneficial
relationship with the State of Alaska agencies to spur business growth.

Through matching grants, the EDA has funneled more about $30 million into Alaska
projects over the last five years. However, the yearly total has generally
declined from $22 million in 2004 alone.

The EDA offers public infrastructure investment and one-time regional planning
and technical assistance grants to public entities and select nonprofits.
Applicants must develop a Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy document
that highlights at least one of the agency's six investment priorities. The six
are: collaborative regional innovation, public-private partnerships, national
strategic priorities, global competitiveness, environmentally sustainable
development and economically distressed and underserved communities.

Kelly said most grants require a 50 percent match from the recipient, but the
EDA will front up to 80 percent of project cost in areas of extreme economic
distress, either locally or regionally.

"We look at both community-specific and the region to see which will give
(applicants) the best grant rate," she said.

EDA staff often uses statsamerica.org, a database website with the specific
economic qualifiers to used to determine exact match requirements, according to
Kelly.

Grant recipients are then required to report the progress of their projects
three, six and nine years after the award.

"It is a tracking of the jobs they are creating and the private investment
that's being invested in the communing or region because of the project," Kelly
said.

On a subsequent panel of local economic development leaders, Juneau Economic
Development Council Executive Director Brian Holst encouraged the Rural
Development staff to look for projects that play to a community's strengths. He
said 95 percent of job growth comes from existing industries.

"We put most of our focus on key industries in our region," Holst said.

Popp echoed Holst's sentiment, adding that good business ideas continuously
leave Alaska because of the state's unavoidable logistical and cost barriers.
Harnessing a region's economic strengths is vital for a project to be
successful, he said.

___ (c)2014 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140911-JA-USDA-loans-reach-1.5B-to-rural
-Alaska-over-last-five-years-0911-20140911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2014 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Washington: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6934  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 248 (Monday, December 29, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 78029-78034]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30184]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the
acceptance of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) which is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into their
operations.

DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an
ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice establishes the deadline
dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered for
funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as the 2014
Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
There will be two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of
fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. These dates apply to both
fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over
 $20,000 and Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.


ADDRESSES: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local
government; instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government;
institutions of higher education; rural electric cooperatives; a public
power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, who serve
agricultural producers and rural small businesses.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley
Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-
6819. Email: kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Program Description

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.
 A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing
basis.

[[Page 78030]]

This Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on
February 7, 2014, (2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal
year 2015, for: grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and
make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy
audits, and renewable energy development assistance.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into their
operations.
 The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding
available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each
funding type described in this Notice.
 B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement project
grants.
 C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152,
apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2015, the guarantee
fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan and the
annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.
 D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the
other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
 E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants.

II. Federal Award Information

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C.
8107.
 B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.
 C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014
Farm Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is
being published prior to the Congressional enactment of a full-year
appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The Agency will continue to process
applications received under this announcement and should REAP receive
appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following Web
site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the same
provisions in this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of grant funds
to each Rural Development State Office. The state allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an
allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or
less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a
combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000
or less can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.
 (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set
forth in the statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the
fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30, 2015, to fund grants of $20,000
or less.
 (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of
funding requested, will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015
funds.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a
reserve of grant and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan
guarantee program level available will consist of both fiscal years
2014 and 2015 funds.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount of funds
available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and C(2).
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds. The amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable
energy development assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of
fiscal year 2015 mandatory funds. Obligations of these funds will take
place through March 31, 2015. Any unobligated balances will be moved to
the renewable energy subsidy account as of April 1, 2015. These funds
may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement national competitions.
 D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
2,000, but will depend on amount of funds made available and on the
number of eligible applicants participating in this program.
 E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed
loan combinations.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the
program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable.
 B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the
guaranteed portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as
applicable.
 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project
must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7
CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable.
 D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public
Law 113-79, mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP can

[[Page 78031]]

provide. Within the maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination
guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75 percent of
eligible project costs, with any grant portion not to exceed 25 percent
of total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only.
 (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must require
that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of
the energy audit.
 E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR
4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be
obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators,
as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain
electronic grant applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When
you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site. To use
Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number (unless the
applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.
 B. Application Submittal.
 (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted
either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator or electronically using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web
site. When submitting an application as hard copy, applicants must
submit one original.
 (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located.
 (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant is headquartered. A
list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is available via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 (c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic
applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload
and submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all
information typically included in the application, and all necessary
assurances and certifications. After electronically submitting an
application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.
 (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications
(i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination
request) must be submitted as hard copy.
 (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications.
Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications)
must be submitted as hard copy.
 C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking
to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit
complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application,
and to conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be
considered.
 (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications
must be received, in order to compete for the funds available.
 (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to
be considered complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
 (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or
less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.
 (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000
or less, but more than $80,000, must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.118.
 (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of greater
than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.
 (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.137.
 (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).
 (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.
 (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each
applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its
outreach efforts to under-served and under-represented populations.
Applicants are encouraged to furnish this information with their
application, but are not required to do so. An applicant's eligibility
or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be impacted by
furnishing or not furnishing this information.
 (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as
defined in 7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR
4280.110(h)(1), must be prepared for each technology that comprises the
hybrid project.
 (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application
that proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the
same hybrid project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple
facilities. For example, a rural small business owner owns five retail
stores and wishes to install solar panels on each store. The rural
small business owner may submit a single application for installing the
solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner wishes to
install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for
either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal
year.
 (6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Applications. If an application for a project was submitted
for the first time for fiscal year 2014

[[Page 78032]]

funding and that initial application was determined eligible, but was
not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year 2014
application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that
qualify under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional
information to document the environmental benefits scoring criterion
without creating a new complete application date. If an applicant
submitted the initial application on or prior to June 14, 2013, the
applicant must submit a new application meeting the requirements of
this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015 funds for
that project and a new submission date of record will be established.
 D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet
Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must:
 (1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or
plan;
 (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
or plan under consideration by the Agency; and
 (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits
to the Agency.
 (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the
applicant has not complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the
Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award.
 E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-
only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications
for financial assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any
time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes, the next
application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be
considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after these dates
will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA
Rural Development State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for
applications to be received to be considered for funding in fiscal year
2015 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also summarized in a
table at the end of paragraph IV.E:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
The Agency is establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate
the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant
and guaranteed loan applications will compete for grant funds based on
their grant score. The two dates that complete applications must be
received by the Agency in order to compete for available funds are:
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order
12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.
 G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
projects.
 (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system
project and one energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year
2015.
 (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.
 (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
loan guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the
maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs
IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum
amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants.
 (a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application
and one renewable energy development assistance grant application for
fiscal year 2015 funds.
 (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under
this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

[[Page 78033]]

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill,
mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit
for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the
agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the
eligible entity for the cost of the audit.
 (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not
exceed $750,000 for fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit,
and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity
under REAP.
 H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.
 (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an
application, the application must include all environmental review
documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning or
management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required
environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or
the approval of the application.
 (2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that
the applicant provide original signatures on forms submitted through
Grants.gov at a later date.
 (3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub
awards and executive compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So
long as an entity applicant does not have an exception under 2 CFR
170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

V. Application Review Information

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications
for projects in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to
the American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at least
20 percent of the population is living in poverty will qualify for
administrative points applicable under 7 CFR 4280.120(g). This emphasis
will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
 (1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.
 (2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be
evaluated based on its own merit.
 B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications,
guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications for financial assistance may be submitted at any
time. In order to be considered for funds, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or
via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants. Due to the competitive nature of this program, applications are
competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the date the
Agency receives a complete application. The complete application date
is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information that
allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and
compete the application for funding.
 (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the
States. Applications must be submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be
considered for these set aside funds. All State allocated unused funds
for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.
 (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible
applications for grants of $20,000 or less received by April 30, 2015,
will be competed against other applications for grants of $20,000 or
less from other States at a final national competition. Obligations of
these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.
 (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the
funding request, will be allocated to the States. The State will award
50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those
complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
national grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015,
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the
National Office to compete against grant applications from other States
at a final national competition.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received.
Those applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements,
are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points, will compete in
national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first business
day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other
States at a final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves
have not been completely depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds
remain after the final guaranteed loan-only national competition, the
Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to fund additional grant-
only.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with
grant-only applications for grant funds allocated to their State
referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request
guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds will be maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two
highest scoring applications from each State, based on the scoring
criteria established under Sec. 4280.192, will compete for funding at
a national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance national competition, the
Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget authority
will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after
pooling.
 (5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total
amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may

[[Page 78034]]

accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National
Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the
purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total
funds needed to complete the project.
 If one or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to
fully award all, the remaining funds must be divided proportionally
between the applications. The applicant must be notified they may
accept the proportional amount of funds or submit their total request
for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project
will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete
the project.
 At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining
funds to be carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting
a lower scoring application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata
basis.
 C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary
basis. In determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will
consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR
4280.129(g), as applicable.
 D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards
should be completed by September 30, 2015.

VI. Federal Award Administration Information

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants,
guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139,
as applicable. The Agency will award and administer the energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants in accordance with 7
CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to
this Notice.
 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.
 (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure
that equal opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in
accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et
seq. and 7 CFR part 15d, Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities
Conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The Agency will not
discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided that the
applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.
 (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.,
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may
include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and
national origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees.
These data must be available to conduct compliance reviews in
accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.
 (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this
subpart. Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to
determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they
decide to pursue any form of financial assistance directly or
indirectly available through the Agency.
 (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or
appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.105.
 C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the
Grant Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as
applicable.

VII. Other Information

A. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans,
as covered in this Notice, has been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The
information collection requirements associated with energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

B. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
in all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because of all or
part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program
information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at
any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or
have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer.'' The full ``Non-Discrimination Statement'' is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.

Dated: December 18, 2014.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-30184 Filed 12-24-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 19, 2013 Sunday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1115  words


Value-Added Producer Grants support local producers

RALEIGH - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and USDA Rural Development State
Director Randy Gore have announced grants to four agricultural producers and
rural businesses in North Carolina that will help create jobs and develop new
products, including Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. This
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"These awards will support our rural producers, businesses and the communities
where they are located," said State Director Randy Gore. "These dollars support
our Agency's goal to advance a bio-based economy and support local and regional
food systems."

These awardees have been selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added
Producer Grants (VAPG). The grants help agricultural producers increase their
income by expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing
new uses for existing products.

The awards announced include: Calderon Produce, Inc. in Vale and Sandoval
Produce, Inc. in Hendersonville will each use a $100,000 grant to develop a
business and marketing plan for a food safety program, develop a branding
strategy and implement test marketing. Celebrity Dairy, LLC, in Pittsboro will
use a $14,500 grant to fund a feasibility study to confirm the viability of a
biomass heat-service business model to provide heat services to local
greenhouses and poultry barns using pyrolytic furnaces fueled by woody biomass
produced on their farm. Tate Family Farm, Inc., in Climax will use a $300,000
grant to purchase additional milk from two local farms, to hire sales personnel
and for expansion of their marketing plan.

Orange County recognizes Older Americans Month

The Orange County Department on Aging invites the public to its annual juried
art show this month at the Seymour Center. The exhibit will be on display
through May 29.

May marks Older Americans Month and the Senior Games/SilverArts competitions
highlight the many talents and contributions made by the elders in our
community.

One of the featured artists this year is 79-year-old Orange County native Hattie
Vanhook, who won second place in the Heritage Arts basket-weaving category. She
has participated in this competition for the past 10 years. In addition to
baskets, Hattie has made dresses for children in third world countries.

The Department on Aging strives to provide older adults with the necessary tools
to aid in self-expression and self-reliance. "SilverArts addresses both of these
goals by allowing the seniors to display their art and take pride in creating
their own brand, which distinguishes him or her from the competition," said Myra
Austin, administrator of Orange County senior centers.

The Senior Games, SilverArts exhibit and host of classes and events offered by
the Department on Aging allow older adults to identify their weaknesses and
expand upon

see briefs/page 8

their strengths, which ultimately results in an increase in self-confidence and
efficacy. The goal is to decrease the level of dependence seniors have on
others.

For more information about the Aging programs and services available in Orange
County, please call 919-968-2070 in Chapel Hill or 919-245-2015 in Hillsborough.

Last Fridays: Blues on the Burwell School lawn

HILLSBOROUGH - The Burwell School Historic Site and Music Maker Relief
Foundation present the Blues at Burwell summer concert series during
Hillsborough Arts Council's Last Fridays events. Performances take place May 31,
June 28, July 26 and Aug. 30.

The series kicks off with Ironing Board Sam on May 31 at 6 p.m. on the front
lawn of the Burwell School. Please bring your own seating, blankets and dancing
shoes. Punch will be provided. No alcoholic beverages are permitted at this
event.

The event is free and open to the public. For more information, please call
919-732-7451.

Anthropologist awarded Guggenheim Fellowship

CHAPEL HILL - Anthropologist Patricia McAnany at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship to support her
research.

McAnany is the Kenan Eminent Professor of Anthropology in UNC's College of Arts
and Sciences.

The John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, based in New York City, appoints
fellows based on prior achievement and exceptional promise in research and
artistic creation.

McAnany's proposed book project is "Heritage without Irony: Transcultural
Dialogue at a Busy Intersection." As an archaeologist, she has conducted field
research and cultural heritage programs throughout the Maya region, and she
co-founded the UNC program, InHerit: Indigenous Heritage Passed to Present. Maya
cultural heritage is situated at the busy intersection of archaeological
practice, local community and remains of the past. One of the challenges of
heritage conservation is building new knowledge communities that bridge the
chasm between local and global. In her book, she will approach these lines of
intersection from historical, ethical and philosophical perspectives.

The foundation awarded 175 fellowships to a diverse group of scholars, artists
and scientists across 56 disciplines and from 85 academic institutions. The
candidates were chosen from among a group of almost 3,000 applicants. Many
Nobel, Pulitzer and other prize winners are fellowship alumni.

First class of Chancellor's Science Scholars selected

CHAPEL HILL - The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill this fall will
welcome 25 scholars - all aspiring to careers in the sciences - into the
inaugural Chancellor's Science Scholars Program.

The incoming cohort includes 17 scholars from North Carolina. The first-year
students were chosen from the top 10 percent of the more than 15,000 Early
Action applicants; the 87 finalists who were interviewed averaged an SAT math
score of 721 (31 ACT) and an average GPA of 4.733.

Modeled after the nationally recognized Meyerhoff Scholars Program at the
University of Maryland-Baltimore County, the Chancellor's Science Scholars
Program provides a head start for superb students of diverse backgrounds,
including first-generation college students and students of color. The program
is open to admitted first-year students at UNC-Chapel Hill who are committed to
increasing the contingent of underrepresented populations in the sciences and
helping our nation meet its most pressing challenges.

The program begins with an accelerated six-week residential experience this
summer. Visit the Chancellor's Science Scholar's website
(http://chancellorssciencescholars.web.unc.edu/) for additional information.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 10, 2005 Friday
                                 State Edition

Aroostook towns granted $1.15M from government

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: FRENCHVILLE


Santa Claus, aka Michael Aube, state director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Agency, made four stops in central and northern
Aroostook County on Thursday leaving behind $1.15 million in grants.

Three agencies and nonprofit groups and two communities were beneficiaries of
the USDA generosity. The money was distributed to assist community and economic
development projects.

"The money we distributed today is to assist economic development plans in many
areas," Aube said in a stop at Frenchville where he dropped off two checks.
"This snowmobile club supports many jobs in stores, gasoline stations and the
motel industry.

"The work they do makes for nice communities," he said. "It's the same for the
money I am bringing to the senior citizens club in Fort Kent."

The town of Van Buren got the biggest check of the day. The Rural Business
Enterprise Grant of $498,000 will assist in bringing water and sewer facilities
and a roadway to develop the town's regional industrial park.

The project is expected to create 57 new jobs and help three local businesses.
The project is leveraged by $500,000 provided by the Municipal Investment Trust
Fund.

Frenchville received a $400,000 grant and a $134,000 loan from the USDA to help
repair the town's water and waste disposal system. Without the grant, the town
couldn't have made needed repairs to the failing sewer system.

While in Frenchville, Aube presented a grant of $58,295 to James Guerrette,
president and trailmaster of the Frenchville Snowmobile Club. The club is
leveraging the grant with $70,000 of its own money to purchase a more than
$120,000 trail grooming machine.

Aube said that money will assist in saving 31 jobs, helping 21 local businesses.

The Northern Maine Development Commission received the $50,000 Rural Business
Opportunity Grant to help pay for a feasibility study on the creation of a
resort or resorts in Aroostook County.

The study will look to accommodate the growing snowmobile, cross-country skiing
and ATV tourism market. The feasibility study is leveraged with funds from the
NMDC and the Aroostook Partnership for Progress.

Finally, Aube traveled to Fort Kent to bring $17,500 to the Elderly Social
Action Council, the local senior citizens club. The money will be used to pave
the driveway of their club and do some landscaping.

"They built that hall," Aube said. "It's good to be able to help them because
they are an organization that helps make Fort Kent a nice community."

The USDA, according to Aube, has money to help communities with economic
development and to build and sustain small communities.

During the last four years, the USDA has made grants totaling more than $33
million in Aroostook County from the agency's 44 programs.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 31, 2004

Rural petrol stations to benefit from subsidy plan

BYLINE: Moira Kerr

SECTION: News; Consumer; Motors; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 565 words


Motorists throughout rural Scotland last night received a boost with the news
that more petrol stations could be built in the Highlands and Islands and
Argyll.  Rural stations will benefit from Government subsidies after a ban on
fuel suppliers developing within an eight-mile radius of each other was lifted.

But the fresh step to encourage businesses to apply for grants for up to 50% of
capital funding was last night criticised by opponents.

They claimed the new steps failed to take the cost of providing jobs into
account.

Grants were previously only available to stations which were at least eight
miles from other filling stations.

Announcing the sweeping changes, Transport Minister Nicol Stephen stressed they
followed a review which found the subsidy scheme provided substantial travel,
economic and environmental benefits to many rural communities in Scotland far in
excess of its cost.

He said: "Keeping rural petrol stations open reduces unnecessary travelling
which is good for local people, the local economy and the environment.

"By making the scheme available to all rural petrol stations, more communities
can benefit from this support. For many people and businesses in rural Scotland,
a nearby petrol station is vital to improving convenient travel." But Fergus
Ewing, SNP MSP for Inverness East, Nairn and Lochaber, claimed the Government
had not done enough to help rural petrol stations and motorists.

He said: "I think this is a worthy scheme - as far as it goes - but it is
important to appreciate that this does not provide any support for staff and
running costs.

"The real problem is that Gordon Brown has, as the Tories did before him,
regarded the motorist as an easy way of raising taxes in a guise of action for
the environment." Mr Ewing argued that, in many parts of Argyll and the
Highlands, the environmental argument was not applicable.

He added: "Few of us are choked in the congested roads on Colonsay, or suffer
from smog clouds in Strontian, or are victims of pollution as we sit bumper to
bumper on the freeway from Fort William to Mallaig. Ozone is not Oban's biggest
problem." He argued Scotland should follow France's lead and establish a
community support scheme for essential services, such as the local shop, post
office and petrol station.

But Argyll MSP George Lyon welcomed the revised grant scheme, claiming it would
help many small petrol stations to improve their infrastructure.

John Hunt, who runs Kintyre Filling Station, at Tarbert, Mid Argyll, welcomed
the move.

Mr Hunt, whose business is half-a-mile from the nearest petrol station, found he
was not eligible for the grant scheme when he needed to improve his petrol pumps
a couple of years ago. He said he had to take out a loan - which he is still
paying off - to meet the costs and added he will now search for help to upgrade
the building.

The grant scheme is administered by Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) and
Scottish Enterprise.

HIE has assisted 47 stations with grants, including £126,610 to Colonsay
Community Development for upgrading tanks and pumps and £66,646 to upgrade
petrol stations on Lewis.

More than 60 rural petrol stations have received grants totalling £2.7million
since the subsidy initiative was introduced in 1998. The new-look subsidy scheme
is due to come into effect on October 1.


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 31, 2004

Rural petrol stations get subsidy plan

BYLINE: Moira Kerr

SECTION: News; Consumer; Motors; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 568 words


Motorists throughout rural Scotland last night received a boost with the news
that more petrol stations could be built in the Highlands and Islands and
Argyll.  Rural stations will benefit from Government subsidies after a ban on
fuel suppliers developing within an eight-mile radius of each other was lifted.

But the fresh step to encourage businesses to apply for grants for up to 50% of
capital funding was last night criticised by opponents.

They claimed the new steps failed to take the cost of providing jobs into
account.

Grants were previously only available to stations which were at least eight
miles from other filling stations.

Announcing the sweeping changes, Transport Minister Nicol Stephen stressed they
followed a review which found the subsidy scheme provided substantial travel,
economic and environmental benefits to many rural communities in Scotland far in
excess of its cost.

He said: "Keeping rural petrol stations open reduces unnecessary travelling
which is good for local people, the local economy and the environment.

"By making the scheme available to all rural petrol stations, more communities
can benefit from this support. For many people and businesses in rural Scotland,
a nearby petrol station is vital to improving convenient travel." But Fergus
Ewing, SNP MSP for Inverness East, Nairn and Lochaber, claimed the Government
had not done enough to help rural petrol stations and motorists.  He said: "I
think this is a worthy scheme - as far as it goes - but it is important to
appreciate that this does not provide any support for staff and running costs.

"The real problem is that Gordon Brown has, as the Tories did before him,
regarded the motorist as an easy way of raising taxes in a guise of action for
the environment." Mr Ewing argued that, in many parts of Argyll and the
Highlands, the environmental argument was not applicable.

He added: "Few of us are choked in the congested roads on Colonsay, or suffer
from smog clouds in Strontian, or are victims of pollution as we sit bumper to
bumper on the freeway from Fort William to Mallaig. Ozone is not Oban's biggest
problem." He argued Scotland should follow France's lead and establish a
community support scheme for essential services, such as the local shop, post
office and petrol station.

But Argyll MSP George Lyon welcomed the revised grant scheme, claiming it would
help many small petrol stations to improve their infrastructure.

John Hunt, who runs Kintyre Filling Station, at Tarbert, Mid Argyll, welcomed
the move.

Mr Hunt, whose business is half-a-mile from the nearest petrol station, found he
was not eligible for the grant scheme when he needed to improve his petrol pumps
a couple of years ago. He said he had to take out a loan - which he is still
paying off - to meet the costs and added he will now search for help to upgrade
the building.

The grant scheme is administered by Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) and
Scottish Enterprise.

HIE has assisted 47 stations with grants, including £126,610 to Colonsay
Community Development for upgrading tanks and pumps and £66,646 to upgrade
petrol stations on Lewis.

More than 60 rural petrol stations have received grants totalling £2.7million
since the subsidy initiative was introduced in 1998. The new-look subsidy scheme
is due to come into effect on October 1.

Comment - Page 15

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 31, 2005 Monday

Seminar shows how saving energy can pay off

BYLINE: ANDY ROSEN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: CITY & TOWN

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


Energy prices are rising, but a meeting this week aims to show business owners
and farmers that improving efficiency and lowering costs has never been easier.

The Brattleboro Development Credit Corporation is teaming up with state and
federal agencies for a seminar on Friday at the Marlboro College Graduate
Center, where speakers will outline funding opportunities for efficiency and
renewable energy improvements.

The seminar, will be held Friday, Nov. 4 at Marlboro College's Grad Center on
Vernon Street from 10 a.m. to noon. It is not open to the general public.
Business owners and farmers must register to attend.

Along with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Division, the
Vermont Economic Development Agency and Efficiency Vermont, the local credit
corporation will attempt to facilitate improvements by making grants and loans
available to business owners.

The seminar will largely focus on grants available from the Rural Development
Division, and describe different ways to supplement them with funding from the
other organizations.

According to a statement from the USDA, the 2005 Farm Bill empowers rural
development to deliver grants and guaranteed loans to fund efficiency projects
and install renewable energy systems.

The grants range from $1,500 to $500,000 and can pay for up to 25 percent of the
cost of improvements.

The goal of the collaboration is to find ways to minimize the amount of personal
investment that owners have to put into energy improvements, said Dave Robinson,
senior business lender for rural development in Vermont.

"We want to reduce, if not eliminate, cash contributions from business owners by
matching and leveraging our grant money with all available sources," he said.

For example, Efficiency Vermont may be able to provide a free efficiency audit,
or the state's economic development agency may have funding or low-interest
loans that they can contribute.

Kurt Isaacson, of the Brattleboro Development Credit Corporation, said it makes
sense to invest in efficiency.

"Reducing our energy needs is a good thing in its own right," he said.

For information or to register, call [802] 257-7731.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                   Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc.

                             37250 West Highway 50
                              Gunnison 81230-0180
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Projects in 42 States and Two Territories
Designed to Improve Farm and Rural Business Energy Efficiency

   Aug 15, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 631 projects
across the nation - including 45 in North Carolina - that will help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce their energy consumption and costs,
use renewable energy technologies in their operations and/or conduct feasibility
studies for renewable energy projects.Grant and loan funding is made available
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP), which is authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill.With today's
announcement, USDA is making investments of more than $21 million in energy
projects nationwide. Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on
strengthening the rural economy. "As part of the Obama Administration's
'all-of-the-above' energy strategy, USDA continues to work with America's
farmers, ranchers and rural businesses to help them save energy and improve
their bottom line," Vilsack said. "This program and others like it would not be
available without a Food, Farm and Jobs Bill, and again I urge members of
Congress to pass a bill when they return to Washington next month." REAP helps
producers reduce energy costs and increase production efficiency. For example:
The Tate Family Farm in Climax, N.C., will use a $7,403 grant to install an
energy-efficient geothermal system. Yarbro Farms in Lawndale, N.C., was awarded
a $15,624 grant to make lighting, heating and insulation improvements to four
poultry houses. Butler Farms in Lillington, N.C., was selected to receive a
$16,250 grant to upgrade an anaerobic digester system to produce electricity
from the farm's waste stream.Farmers, ranchers, business owners and agriculture
producers in 41 other states, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico will also receive funding. For example, Iron Mountain Nursery in
Stagecoach, Nev., will use a $12,476 grant to install a 7 kW solar photovoltaic
system to provide power for its farm and nursery. This project is expected to
generate 13,000 kW of energy annually. Finca Gonzalez, a fruit and vegetable
farmer in Lajas, Puerto Rico, will use a $20,000 grant to install a 23 kW
photovoltaic system to replace 97 percent of the farm's energy consumption.
Under the terms of REAP, up to 25 percent of an eligible energy production or
conservation project can be funded through a grant, and additional support can
be provided in the form of a loan. Since the start of the Obama Administration,
REAP has helped fund nearly 7,000 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide. Today's announcement includes almost $300,000 in grants to
19 agricultural producers and rural businesses to conduct feasibility studies
for renewable energy systems. For example: The Gunnison County Electric
Association, Inc., in Gunnison, Colo., will receive a $6,739 grant to assess the
feasibility of installing a small hydropower generating plant at the Taylor
Reservoir Dam. If built, the plant would generate 4 megawatts of power. Salmon
River Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Challis, Idaho, will use a $23,759 grant to
determine the feasibility of building a 200 kilowatt gasification system to
create electricity out of waste biomass. Pioneer Energy, LLC in Hesperus, Colo.,
was selected to receive a $25,000 grant to help fund a feasibility study on
building a 99 megawatt wind farm near Lake Andes, S.D. View the list of
recipients for Rural Energy for America Program feasibility studies. REAP offers
financial assistance to farmers, ranchers and rural small businesses to purchase
and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements.
These federal funds leverage other private funding sources for businesses. REAP
also helps the conservation of natural resources and the development of new
forms of energy that reduces America's dependence on fossil fuels and creates a
stronger rural economy. View the list of recipients for Rural Energy for America
Program grants and loans. Minnesota REAP recipients were previously announced.
President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities. USDA,
through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America. USDA has
made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people, even as the
Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.



USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Service

   Oct 13, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural
electric cooperative utilities to improve distribution systems and smart grid
technologies in 27 states, as part of the Obama administration's continued focus
on investments in infrastructure that create rural jobs.The announcement was
made on the secretary's behalf by Dallas Tonsager, agriculture under secretary
for rural development, during a speech to the National Rural Electric
Association regional meeting in Denver, where he also stressed the importance of
the American Jobs Act to spur job creation throughout the country.Tom Vilsack,
USDA's secretary, said, "This investment in the electric grid will help address
the growing need for electric service nationwide and spur job creation by
building out rural infrastructure," Vilsack said. "Smart grid technology can
help better manage power use, provide rate stability for businesses and create
the climate for job growth in rural America." Over $2.1 billion in loans are
provided by USDA's Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development Agency, to help
rural electric utilities build and upgrade rural America's electric
infrastructure. These projects will fund over $40m in smart grid technologies
and will build or improve nearly 6,000 miles of line. Funding for distribution
cooperatives, which provide power to consumers, will benefit over 38,000 rural
businesses and residents. Included in the funding are three loans for Colorado
projects that will help keep electricity reliable and affordable for rural
communities. Gunnison County Electric Association will receive over $7m to build
or improve nearly 60 miles of lineover $1m of those funds will go to smart grid
technology. A loan of over $35m to Highline Electric Association will build or
improve over 280 miles of line and includes over $2m for smart grid technology.
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, owned by 44 distribution
cooperatives, will build or improve over 150 miles of transmission line, upgrade
substations and invest over $9m in smart grid technology with a total of $132m
in loan funds. In Virginia, a loan of $90m to Northern Virginia Electric
Cooperative will be used to build a 49.9 MW woody biomass generation facility.
The project is projected to cover approximately 6% of the cooperative's future
power needs for the years 2014 through 2030. In Georgia, a loan of almost $30m
to Amicalola Electric Membership Corporation will be used to build or improve
over 250 miles of transmission line. The loan amount includes $9,402,000 in
smart grid projects, which help utilities better manage electricity needs and
improve operational efficiencies. These investments also help rural utilities
improve their delivery and storage of renewable energy to generate electricity.
Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             July 6, 2004, Tuesday

WEIGHING UP SUCCESS FOR OUR RURAL RETAILERS

SECTION: 1st Edition; BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 426 words


FIFTY-SIX rural retailers from across Northern Ireland came together recently at
the Burnavon Arts & Cultural Centre, Cookstown, to celebrate their share in a
pounds 440,000 grant allocation under the Northern Ireland Rural Development
Council (RDC) Rural Retail Support Programme.

The programme - which opened in September, 2003, with funding from the EU Peace
II and International Fund for Ireland - aims to put support for the rural
retailer at the top of the shopping list.

Retailers were offered a combination of support, including a business
diagnostic, training and mentoring, along with the opportunity to access a small
project grant of up to pounds 10,000 at 50 per cent.

Caroline Breakey, Northern Ireland Rural Development Council (RDC), said: "We
are delighted to be in a position to share the results of this programme and to
mark the successful achievements of the rural retail participants. We are
pleased that representatives from the EU Peace II Programme and International
Fund for Ireland join us in this celebration.

"The programme has engaged with more than 60 retailers, with 57 of those going
on to secure a grant.

"Collectively, these retailers employ more than 200 staff, with programme and
project outputs helping to maintain 42 jobs and potentially create an additional
20. "These outputs alone demonstrate the valuable contribution rural shops play
in the commercial viability of local communities and to the rural economy."

Helen Kirkpatrick, board member with the International Fund for Ireland, said:
"The fund is particularly delighted to be involved in supporting the Rural
Retail Support Programme. By encouraging and supporting the development of the
rural retail sector, communities will benefit from improved access to services
and a strengthening rural economy. "The fund is extremely pleased with the
results to date and is delighted to announce a further programme investment
towards the support and development phase of a further call for applications."

Shaun Henry, director of Peace II with the Special EU Programmes Body, said: "
Rural shops have struggled, like many other businesses, to continue to provide
basic services to local communities throughout the conflict. This programme is
designed to encourage retailers to grasp the opportunities arising out of Peace
and contribute to a more stable economic and social rural environment."

A second call for applications opened on July 2, and will close on August 18.

* For more information contact RDC on 028 8676 6980.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 1, 2013

Energy efficiency/renewable energy training for federal funding to be held in
Lordsburg Feb. 13

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 401  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced this week that
during the next few weeks, USDA Rural Development will host free trainings on
obtaining loan guarantees and grants for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "We are hosting these trainings
because we want to make sure agricultural producers and rural small businesses
know how to apply for this financial support, which will make their businesses
more energy efficient and more competitive."

Brunner added, "In the past few years we have helped applicants replace
inefficient equipment with electric and solar well pumps, new lighting fixtures,
better insulation, new heat pumps and to provide a wide variety of types and
sizes of solar systems in Tyrone, Belen, Roswell, Las Vegas, Raton, Santa Fe
County, Placitas, Deming and other locations around the State. We hope to help
even more this year."

The financing program administered by USDAS Rural Development is called Rural
Energy for America Program (REAP). The REAP program offers grants and loan
guarantees to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses (no
residences) to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements. Grant funds are also available for renewable energy
feasibility studies.

Renewable energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal,
hydrogen-based projects and anaerobic digesters. Energy efficiency projects
include changing out inefficient pumps, insulation, roofing, lighting, heating
and cooling systems, etc. for more efficient ones.

Each workshop covers the same information except for the application workshop in
Albuquerque, where staff will give step by step details on the REAP application.
Although attendance is free, an RSVP is appreciated so plans can be made for
adequate seating and handouts. Also, if you RSVP and there is a cancellation due
to weather you will be called and notified of the postponement.

The local workshop will be held on

Wednesday, February 13, 2013 from 1 to 3 p.m. at the James H. Baxter Civic
Center.

To RSVP or to get more information on the trainings please contact Jesse Monfort
Bopp, USDA Rural Development at 505.761.4952 or jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov For more
information on these and all USDA Rural Development business and cooperative
programs, visit http://www.rurdev. usda.gov/rbs.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Opportunities in agriculture

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 498 words


FARMERS across the region looking to create jobs, diversify their business and
grow the rural economy could access grants and receive support through LEADER.

Providing grants to rural SMEs, farmers, foresters and communities, LEADER
supports projects that create jobs and grows the rural economy.

Supporting micro and small businesses, farm diversification, boosting rural
tourism, increasing farm productivity, increasing forestry productivity,
providing rural services and providing cultural and heritage activities are all
LEADER priorities.

This means that farmers across the North East have an opportunity of accessing
funds for their diversification project.

LEADER delivers a bottomup, community-led approach to rural and community
development, promoting sustainable development in rural areas.

An initial outline application will enable applicants to get a "yes, progress to
a full application" or "no" answer at an early stage, reducing the risk of
spending time and money developing an application for it to fail at an early
stage.

The funding available will primarily be for capital expenditure, with funding of
up to 40% of eligible costs, a minimum grant of £2,500 and no maximum limit.

North East Farmers looking to submit an expression of interest can do so to
Northumberland Uplands LEADER or Northumberland Coastal & Lowlands LEADER.

There are no set deadline dates or application windows and the funding is open
until 2020.

Another current diversification opportunity is Combined Heat and Power (CHP)
units. For those businesses with a heat requirement CHP could provide a generous
income stream through electricity generation and Government incentives as well
as heat cost savings.

For farmers looking to become self-sufficient from the National Grid and produce
their own energy, CHP is an opportunity worthy of serious consideration.

CHP provides both heat and electricity through the gasification of burning
woodchip or wood pellets.

This gas is used to drive an engine which generates electricity and heat. The
electricity can either be consumed on farm or exported to the grid.

A constant demand for the heat produced through the burning process is needed
and can be used for district heating, drying woodchip, heating warehouses,
poultry sheds, or reversing the heat for cold storage and so on.

Through Renewable Heat Incentives (RHIs) from the heat generation, Renewable
Obligation Certificates (ROCs) on the electricity and also the potential value
from the heat, it can also provide significant income generation.

With a 20-year guaranteed income (with connection prior to April 2017) and a
payback between threeseven years CHP systems are fast becoming a very attractive
option.

They are guiding and encouraging a number of clients to look at these systems as
a form of diversification and often an alternative enterprise for younger
members of the family.

For information on LEADER and CHP, contact Louis Fell or David Hume in the
George F White Alnwick office on 01665 603231.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Louis Fell of George F White

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2017 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Deer Park receives $50,000 grant

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


Nov. 23--DEER PARK -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has
awarded the town of Deer Park $50,000 in federal grant funding for the purchase
of a new utility service vehicle.

"Rural communities need a government on their side when it comes to upgrading
and maintaining critical infrastructure," said Sen. Barbara Mikulski, vice
chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee which funds the department.
"These federal funds will help keep families and businesses on the go by helping
the town of Deer Park clear roads and bridges of snow and debris when severe
weather strikes."

"Rural Marylanders deserve to have roads that are clear in the winter and clear
all year round, and this federal grant will help ensure that those who live in
Garrett County have both," said Sen. Ben Cardin. "USDA investments like these in
our local communities promote productivity and public safety."

The town will use this federal funding to purchase a new utility vehicle with a
plow and a dump bed, so they can better maintain streets and keep emergency
routes open during the inclement weather.

"Ensuring well-maintained streets and emergency routes is critical to keeping
Marylanders safe during severe weather and I'm pleased to see the federal
government investing in Garrett County," said U.S. Rep. John K. Delaney. "This
grant, through the USDA Rural Development Grants, will help provide funds to
maintain the infrastructure in Western Maryland and prepare for the winter
weather ahead."

The rural development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.

___ (c)2015 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151123-UM-Deer-Park-receives-50,000-grant-1123-20151123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2015 Cumberland Times-News


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

USDA announces grants for rural energy projects

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 444 words


Rural businesses in Kansas will receive a total of $237,000 for 12 energy
projects, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced earlier this month.

USDA Rural Development funds renewable energy and energy efficiency projects
through the Rural Energy for America Program, which is funded through the farm
bill. The program offers both loan guarantees, which increase lenders'
willingness to fund projects because they know USDA will pay them if the
borrower defaults, and direct grants.

Jessica Bowser, spokeswoman for USDA Rural Development in Kansas, said Kansas
businesses received a little more for energy projects than they did last year,
but the difference wasn't large. Grants and loans also may increase next year as
the new farm bill comes into effect, she said.

"It was typical to what we've seen," she said. "We expect a little more next
year."

The projects will save an estimated 660,000 kilowatt hours of energy and create
139,000 kilowatt hours of new renewable energy, according to a news release.

Businesses and individuals receiving grants were:

- BLI Rentals, Emporia, $46,600 grant to upgrade lighting systems and the
heating, ventilation, and air conditioning unit.

- Haverkamp Grocery, Centralia, $30,988 grant to replace existing refrigeration
and freezer cases with more energy efficient models.

- ISI Farms, Wichita, $8,625 grant to install solar panels.

- Johnson Farms, Bendena, $36,872 grant to replace an old grain dryer with a
more efficient 350,000 bushel grain dryer.

- Marilyn J. Salmans, Hanston, $8,378 grant to convert a diesel-powered
irrigation system to electric and to install a variable frequency drive.

- McGinn Land Co., Sedgwick, $20,000 grant to convert three diesel-powered
irrigation systems to electric.

- Ned G. and Teresa Bergkamp, Garden Plain, $5,957 grant to convert a
diesel-powered irrigation system to electric and to install a variable frequency
drive.

- Spinning Pies, Independence, $3,864 grant to replace an old heating,
ventilation and air conditioning unit.

- Wayne C. Larson, Oberlin, $49,875 grant to install a 30-kilowatt wind turbine
to generate electricity for a farm.

- Wiens Family Irrevocable Trust, Lyons, $5,454 grant to convert a
diesel-powered irrigation system to electric and to install a variable frequency
drive.

- Willard's, Humboldt, $8,561 grant to replace an old heating, ventilation and
air conditioning unit in a grocery store.

- William Segebartt, Hepler, $11,800 grant to install a biomass burner to heat
an agricultural machine shop.

To apply for next year's round of funding, contact David Kramer at USDA Rural
Development's Topeka office, (785) 271-2700, ext. 2736, or
david.kramer@ks.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                Nuneaton Edition

GRANT HELPS BUSINESS TO BOOST TRADE

BYLINE: Jenny Waddington

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 404 words


A WARWICKSHIRE entrepreneur is urging rural businesses to make the most of the
Rural Enterprise Grant scheme after her company benefitted from investment that
will help it nearly double its turnover in 2010.

Olivia Hatch, who runs the 20-acre Talton Lodge in Newbold-on-Stour, has used a
pounds 7,000 funding boost to develop the existing woodland, orchards and
parklands into a tourism operation that is looking to offer a sustainable venue
for meetings, team building and entertainment.

As part of a pounds 20,000 project, she has developed a new car park, increased
the range of leisure activities and turned a refurbished barn into a
state-of-the-art meeting and conference room with upstairs accommodation.

The improvements are the latest part of Olivia's plans to transform the family
home into one of the West Midlands' most attractive corporate venues and this
has already resulted in new clients and four part-time jobs.

Olivia, who used to work as a chef in London with Gary Rhodes and Fergus
Henderson, said: "The Rural Enterprise Grant has really made a difference to
completing the latest part of our growth and has given us the additional capital
to complete the car park and install the level of audio visual facilities we
must have, in order to compete with our rivals and attract clients from SMEs
through to big multi-nationals.

"Pleasingly, the administrative process was very easy to complete and the grants
team were brilliant in making sure they assisted us on every stage of the
application." Funded under the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
managed by Advantage West Midlands and administered by Herefordshire Council,
Rural Enterprise Grants are available for farmers and micro businesses
developing and diversifying into food and drink, environmental technologies and
tourism improvements.

Funding of up to 40 per cent - or pounds 62,500 - can be secured towards
projects ranging from processing machinery and supply chain equipment to energy
installations and improvements to tourism experiences. Four companies in
Coventry and Warwickshire have so far benefited from the scheme, with nearly
pounds 60,000 awarded towards the development of these rural businesses which
will create 18 new jobs, enhance the tourism offer in the county and allow the
expansion of local food and drink production facilities.

Bosses at the REG scheme are keen for more like-minded companies to come
forward.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2013

USDA Accepting Applications for Energy Improvement Projects

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 252  words


BISMARCK, N.D. Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, today
announced that USDA is seeking applications to provide assistance to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses for energy efficiency and
renewable energy projects. Funding is available under USDA's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP).

"Ag producers and business operations that become more energy efficient will
increase profitability and create new opportunities for economic growth,"
Schneider said. "These investments will lessen our dependence on foreign oil
while promoting North Dakota produced energy."

REAP, authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Farm Bill),
seeks to provide funding for projects that incorporate energy-saving practices
into business operations. USDA is accepting the following applications:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and
combination grant and guaranteed loan applications until April 30, 2013;

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan only
applications until July 15, 2013;

Renewable energy system feasibility study grant applications through April 30,
2013.

During Schneider's tenure as State Director, 69 North Dakota projects have been
awarded Renewable Energy grants for a total investment of $3.1 million. More
information on how to apply for funding is available in the March 29, 2013
Federal Register, pages 19183-19190 or by contacting the USDA Rural Development
office at (701) 530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Dickey County Leader


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:24 PM GMT

Vale of Glamorgan seeks closer economic ties with Cardiff;
A six-year strategy to boost the economy of the rural Vale of Glamorgan by
developing closer ties with Cardiff is set to be agreed by council leaders next
week.

BYLINE: By Peter Collins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


The Rural Local Development Strategy for the Vale of Glamorgan will go before
the council's cabinet on Monday and, if approved, will be sent to the Welsh
Government will allocate the necessary funding.

Under a funding agreement a grant of between £1.82m and £2.145m could be
offered.

The strategy will build on a £7.7m rural development programme which has been
running for six years and has included modernisation projects and farm
subsidies.

An action group and partnership called Creative Rural Communities has been set
up to help businesses, groups and individuals support themselves and make them
less reliant on grant funding in the longer term.

It has also provided substantial grant aid for community projects, business
expansion and creation of new businesses, primarily in the tourism sector.

The next programme for 2014-2020 is expected to start in January and the
strategy aims to create more economic value from the natural and historic
environment of the rural Vale; maximise the benefit of being part of the Cardiff
city region; encouraging local businesses and community enterprises to provide
local services; improving digital usage within local businesses and communities.

The strategy document says: "We aim to build on the existing links with the
capital and make much more of being part of the Cardiff city region.

"The rural Vale needs to be seen as a valuable asset for Cardiff - as a place to
work, to grow, to rest, to play and to breathe. Stronger ties can be created
with the cultural, educational and sporting institutions in order to bring
benefits back into the rural Vale."

It continues: "More could be made of the opportunities provided by Cardiff
Airport and the major enterprise zones at Rhoose and St Athan; and the rural
Vale can work harder to capitalise on the hundreds of thousands of people living
right on its doorstep."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 6:24 PM GMT

Vale of Glamorgan seeks closer economic ties with Cardiff;
A six-year strategy to boost the economy of the rural Vale of Glamorgan by
developing closer ties with Cardiff is set to be agreed by council leaders next
week.

BYLINE: By Peter Collins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


The Rural Local Development Strategy for the Vale of Glamorgan will go before
the council's cabinet on Monday and, if approved, will be sent to the Welsh
Government will allocate the necessary funding.

Under a funding agreement a grant of between £1.82m and £2.145m could be
offered.

The strategy will build on a £7.7m rural development programme which has been
running for six years and has included modernisation projects and farm
subsidies.

An action group and partnership called Creative Rural Communities has been set
up to help businesses, groups and individuals support themselves and make them
less reliant on grant funding in the longer term.

It has also provided substantial grant aid for community projects, business
expansion and creation of new businesses, primarily in the tourism sector.

The next programme for 2014-2020 is expected to start in January and the
strategy aims to create more economic value from the natural and historic
environment of the rural Vale; maximise the benefit of being part of the Cardiff
city region; encouraging local businesses and community enterprises to provide
local services; improving digital usage within local businesses and communities.

The strategy document says: "We aim to build on the existing links with the
capital and make much more of being part of the Cardiff city region.

"The rural Vale needs to be seen as a valuable asset for Cardiff - as a place to
work, to grow, to rest, to play and to breathe. Stronger ties can be created
with the cultural, educational and sporting institutions in order to bring
benefits back into the rural Vale."

It continues: "More could be made of the opportunities provided by Cardiff
Airport and the major enterprise zones at Rhoose and St Athan; and the rural
Vale can work harder to capitalise on the hundreds of thousands of people living
right on its doorstep."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 8, 2013

Applications sought for energy improvement projects

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 256  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced today that USDA is seeking applications to
provide assistance to agricultural producers and rural small businesses for
energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. Funding is available under
USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"Ag producers and business operations that become more energy efficient will
increase profitability and create new opportunities for economic growth,"
Schneider said. "These investments will lessen our dependence on foreign oil
while promoting North Dakota produced energy."

REAP, authorized by the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008 (Farm Bill),
seeks to provide funding for projects that incorporate energy-saving practices
into business operations. USDA is accepting the following applications:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and
combination grant and guaranteed loan applications until April 30, 2013;

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan only
applications until July 15, 2013;

Renewable energy system feasibility study grant applications through April 30,
2013.

During Schneider's tenure as State Director, 69 North Dakota projects have been
awarded Renewable Energy grants for a total investment of $3.1 million. More
information on how to apply for funding is available in the March 29, 2013
Federal Register, pages 19183-19190 or by contacting the USDA Rural Development
office at (701)530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Turtle Mountain Star


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 31, 2013 Sunday

USDA seeks applications for renewable energy improvement projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is
seeking applications to provide assistance to agricultural producers and rural
small businesses for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects.

Funding is available from USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). The
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying out
its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

The announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"The Obama Administration continues its commitment to help our nation become
more energy independent by partnering with agricultural producers and rural
small businesses as they build renewable energy systems and reduce energy
usage," said Vilsack. "These investments will not only help our farmers and
rural small businesses reduce energy costs, but also provide a new potential
revenue source and stabilize their operations' bottom lines."

REAP, authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, (Farm Bill)
is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce
energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.
USDA is accepting the following applications:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and
combination grant and guaranteed loan applications until April 30, 2013;

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan only
applications until July 15, 2013;

Renewable energy system feasibility study grant applications through April 30,
2013.

Since the passage of the 2008 Farm Bill and through the end of Fiscal Year 2012,
REAP has funded nationwide over 6,800 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects, feasibility studies, energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance projects.

Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner said, "The REAP program offers a
lot of flexibility in the types of energy projects that can be funded including;
renewable energy projects that involve wind, solar, geothermal, and anaerobic
digesters. It also funds energy efficiency projects where we'll help pay for
replacing, boilers, heaters, insulation, agricultural pumps and other types of
equipment for more efficient ones."

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to
foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong
partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

More information on how to apply for funding is available in the March 29, 2013
Federal Register, pages 19183-19190 or by contacting, Ms. Jesse Monfort Bopp,
USDA Rural Development's Albuquerque office at: jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov, or
505-761-4952, or by contacting Rural Development's area offices in Las Cruces;
575-522-8775. Ext. 122.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rural firms can bid for a share of £1 million funds

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 182 words


GRANTS worth up to £1 million are to be made available to small rural firms.

The Rural Economy Grant Scheme, worth up to £60 million, will be launched this
month.

It is aimed at boosting the competitiveness of farms, as well as supporting food
businesses, rural tourism, forestry, renewable energy and high-growth sectors.

The grant is another measure to be introduced under the Rural Development
Program for England (RDPE) and adds to the Farming and Forestry Improvement
Scheme (FFIS), launched in November 2011. This a scheme of support to help
farming, forestry and horticultural businesses in England to be more efficient.
There is £20 million available under FFIS until December 2013. The grants are
for capital items and the grant rate available is up to 40 per cent in non
upland areas, and up to 50 per cent in upland areas and the maximum grant
allowable per project is £25,000. The minimum grant is £2,500.

Robert Hall, of Savills Agribusiness, said: "The Rural Economy Grant Scheme and
FFIS offer a golden opportunity to get new ideas off the ground for farming and
other rural business."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2012 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

USDA $96K Grant to Enable WIU IIRA's Peace Corps Fellows Program to Serve Small
Business Enterprises in Rural IL

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Macomb: Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:



  A $96,000 grant recently awarded to Western Illinois University's Illinois
Institute for Rural Affairs (IIRA) will help small business in Illinois. The
grant, awarded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
(USDA-RD), will enable IIRA's Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in Community
Development to provide technical assistance to small business enterprise
initiatives in participating Illinois rural communities.





 According to PCF Program Manager Karen Mauldin-Curtis, the USDA-RD funding,
through its Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program, will enable
returned Peace Corps volunteers, who are enrolled in WIU's PCF Program, to serve
in full-time graduate internships in rural communities. In the communities,
graduate students will lead and implement community and economic development
projects. Participating communities in 2015-16 include include: Strasburg,
Windsor, Findlay and Shelbyville in Shelby County; LaHarpe in Hancock County;
Hillsboro in Montgomery County; and the Savanna Historical Society and Lanark,
both in Carroll County.



 "Through these efforts, at least 45 small businesses will be assisted and 10
full-time equivalent jobs will be created or retained in participating rural
communities. The residents in Illinois rural communities realize small business
development is critical to improving their economic situations; however,
oftentimes, they do not have sufficient resources readily available to implement
effective initiatives. Our program places graduate interns in communities that
have demonstrated a need, devised a plan and are committed to moving forward
with their goals. We greatly appreciate the USDA-RD's support and investment in
the communities we serve," Mauldin-Curtis said.



 "The use of this funding is the perfect example of the federal government
helping meet needs identified by the residents in the communities and regions
themselves. Then, combine the educational component, and you have 'people
helping people who then help people.' It's not just a win, win--it's a win, win,
win," added USDA-RD Director for Illinois Colleen Callahan.



 Mauldin-Curtis noted Lanark is a great example of a rural community investing
in its future. She said the community participated in IIRA's MAPPING the Future
of Your Community program and has followed up with an internship for WIU Peace
Corps Fellow Lexie Woodward.



 "Lanark is experiencing an economic upturn with several new businesses opening
recently," noted Lanark Mayor John Huggins. "We wanted to make sure this trend
continues, but not at the expense of the existing businesses. We needed someone
with the knowledge and resources to provide both recruitment and retention.
Lexie has filled that role perfectly. We are grateful for the USDA-RD being one
of the sponsors. Our small town has a tight budget to work with, and we would
not have been able to afford to participate in the Peace Corps Fellows program
without the USDA-RD's help."



 Since 2010, with support from USDA-RD, WIU's Peace Corps Fellows have assisted
429 small businesses and helped create or retain 33 jobs in such participating
Illinois communities as Rushville, Neoga, Petersburg and Durand. In Durand, the
program was so successful, community officials created a position and hired
their Peace Corps Fellow intern, Matt Wolf, to manage their community and
economic development initiatives. Wolf is now the executive director for an
initiative called "Durand Charm."



 Because the application process to participate in the PCF Program is
competitive, those communities that have participated in IIRA's strategic
visioning and planning process, through MAPPING Program, are often better
prepared to host a Fellow, Mauldin-Curtis said.



 "The process mobilizes residents and lays the foundation for a Peace Corps
Fellow to assist with implementation of the community's action plan and build
local capacity to sustain efforts beyond the internship. The MAPPING Program
staff members serve as ongoing resources to Peace Corps Fellows and their host
communities, as well," she added.



 IIRA Director Chris Merrett noted the partnership among Western, the IIRA and
the USDA-RG is a substantial benefit for rural communities in Illinois.



 "It enables a state-based organization, such as the IIRA, to take funding from
far-away Washington, D.C., and deploy these funds in a meaningful way that takes
into consideration the needs and wishes of residents in local communities."







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces Funding to Improve Rural Water Systems Nationwide and
Upgrade Water Infrastructure in Rural Alaska Villages

LENGTH: 820  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $352 million in loans and grants to upgrade rural water and wastewater
systems nationwide and make infrastructure improvements in rural Alaska
villages. The projects funded will not only help ensure rural places have access
to clean water, but will also create jobs and help communities retain and
attract new businesses and families.

"These investments are critical for our health and safety, and in the long term
for sustainable economic development," Vilsack said. "Investments like these in
the nation's water infrastructure also are critical to address the impact of
climate change on our water supplies. The projects supported with these
resources will ensure rural families have access to clean water and create jobs
in communities across the country."

Climate change is putting more stress on municipal water systems, Vilsack noted.
Many areas around the country have seen changes in rainfall, resulting in more
floods and droughts, declines in snowpack, intense rain as well as more frequent
and severe heat waves. All of these are placing fiscal strains on communities -
causing them to make more frequent and often costly repairs and upgrades.

Vilsack announced the awards during a speech here today at the annual conference
of the Alaska Federation of Natives.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $11 billion in new and
improved water and wastewater infrastructure that has benefited nearly 15
million rural residents and almost 6 million households and businesses.

USDA is providing $175 million in loans and $165 million in grants through the
Water and Environmental Program. This is part of more than $1.5 billion USDA
invested in rural water and wastewater projects during the 2014 Fiscal Year,
which ended September 30.

In Alaska, the city of Buckland is receiving a $45,000 grant to conduct a cost
analysis for preliminary engineering and environmental reports for a proposed
solid waste site.

Edgerton, Wis., is receiving a $7.8 million loan and $2.5 million grant to
upgrade its 31-year-old water treatment facility. The city is under a schedule
of compliance with the Department of Natural Resources. The new facility will
allow the city to meet newly imposed discharge limits.

In addition to the investments to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems,
Vilsack announced six grants totaling $12.1 million to help rural Alaskan
villages make infrastructure improvements. The Alaska Native Tribal Health
Consortium has been selected for a $5 million grant to remove dire sanitation
conditions in the community of Akiachak. Many residents there lack indoor
plumbing and must haul water and utilize honey buckets for waste disposal. The
consortium will use the grant to construct sewer mains, build a lift station and
bury water mains.

Akiachak is one of many communities targeted for special assistance through
USDA's StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to address persistent poverty in the United States through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty. Since then, the
Department has partnered with more than 400 community organizations to support
more than 80,000 projects that have leveraged nearly $10 billion in investments
into rural America.

The investments announced today are provided through USDA's Rural Utilities
Service (RUS), which also administers infrastructure programs that fund
broadband and rural electric systems to meet the needs of rural communities.
View the complete list of recipients and projects receiving funding under
today's announcement.

USDA's infrastructure investments have had a profound impact on rural
communities. This year alone, USDA provided nearly $10 million to improve water
and waste systems to help 74,000 residents of drought-affected areas of rural
California.

In April, USDA allocated $150 million in Farm Bill grants plus $237 million in
Rural Development funds for the Department's largest Earth Day investment in
rural water and wastewater systems. Of the nearly $387 million awarded for 116
Earth Day projects, 16 were in areas of persistent poverty and 29 were in
communities served by USDA's StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and
Opportunity.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Funding to Improve Rural Water Systems Nationwide and
Upgrade Water Infrastructure in Rural Alaska Villages

LENGTH: 820  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $352 million in loans and grants to upgrade rural water and wastewater
systems nationwide and make infrastructure improvements in rural Alaska
villages. The projects funded will not only help ensure rural places have access
to clean water, but will also create jobs and help communities retain and
attract new businesses and families.

"These investments are critical for our health and safety, and in the long term
for sustainable economic development," Vilsack said. "Investments like these in
the nation's water infrastructure also are critical to address the impact of
climate change on our water supplies. The projects supported with these
resources will ensure rural families have access to clean water and create jobs
in communities across the country."

Climate change is putting more stress on municipal water systems, Vilsack noted.
Many areas around the country have seen changes in rainfall, resulting in more
floods and droughts, declines in snowpack, intense rain as well as more frequent
and severe heat waves. All of these are placing fiscal strains on communities -
causing them to make more frequent and often costly repairs and upgrades.

Vilsack announced the awards during a speech here today at the annual conference
of the Alaska Federation of Natives.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $11 billion in new and
improved water and wastewater infrastructure that has benefited nearly 15
million rural residents and almost 6 million households and businesses.

USDA is providing $175 million in loans and $165 million in grants through the
Water and Environmental Program. This is part of more than $1.5 billion USDA
invested in rural water and wastewater projects during the 2014 Fiscal Year,
which ended September 30.

In Alaska, the city of Buckland is receiving a $45,000 grant to conduct a cost
analysis for preliminary engineering and environmental reports for a proposed
solid waste site.

Edgerton, Wis., is receiving a $7.8 million loan and $2.5 million grant to
upgrade its 31-year-old water treatment facility. The city is under a schedule
of compliance with the Department of Natural Resources. The new facility will
allow the city to meet newly imposed discharge limits.

In addition to the investments to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems,
Vilsack announced six grants totaling $12.1 million to help rural Alaskan
villages make infrastructure improvements. The Alaska Native Tribal Health
Consortium has been selected for a $5 million grant to remove dire sanitation
conditions in the community of Akiachak. Many residents there lack indoor
plumbing and must haul water and utilize honey buckets for waste disposal. The
consortium will use the grant to construct sewer mains, build a lift station and
bury water mains.

Akiachak is one of many communities targeted for special assistance through
USDA's StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to address persistent poverty in the United States through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty. Since then, the
Department has partnered with more than 400 community organizations to support
more than 80,000 projects that have leveraged nearly $10 billion in investments
into rural America.

The investments announced today are provided through USDA's Rural Utilities
Service (RUS), which also administers infrastructure programs that fund
broadband and rural electric systems to meet the needs of rural communities.
View the complete list of recipients and projects receiving funding under
today's announcement.

USDA's infrastructure investments have had a profound impact on rural
communities. This year alone, USDA provided nearly $10 million to improve water
and waste systems to help 74,000 residents of drought-affected areas of rural
California.

In April, USDA allocated $150 million in Farm Bill grants plus $237 million in
Rural Development funds for the Department's largest Earth Day investment in
rural water and wastewater systems. Of the nearly $387 million awarded for 116
Earth Day projects, 16 were in areas of persistent poverty and 29 were in
communities served by USDA's StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and
Opportunity.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Ulster Star

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

Call for grant applications

LENGTH: 477  words


LAGAN Rural Partnership has announced a new call for applications that will
drive forward the potential for new and expanding farm-based enterprises in
eligible rural areas within Lisburn City, Castlereagh Borough and Belfast City
Council areas.

The Partnership will accept applications under the Programme's Farm
Diversification measure, until 4pm on Friday, 14 December, 2012.

This new grant application call aims to specifically target members of a farm
household who wish to set up a new business or expand a current business and the
maximum grant that is available is £50,000.

Cllr Anne Marie Beattie, Chair of the Partnership's Joint Council Committee
said: "I have been delighted to see many of the projects that have already been
granted funding come to fruition. There is still significant potential for
farm-based applicants to apply to the fund for further development of their
current business or to set up a new business within the rural community. The
funding is available, what we need are people to apply to the fund."

Alderman Allan Ewart, Chairman of the Partnership's Local Action Group is urging
rural businesses to check if they qualify for the funding:

"So far the programme has unlocked the potential for the creation and expansion
of farm-based enterprises and we are keen to ensure every opportunity is given
to provide funding to potential applicants. Whether it is access to new markets,
the broadening of a customer base or the creation of new employment, the funding
allows rural businesses to take fundamental steps forward in their business
development. If you feel your business is eligible and would benefit from the
Partnership's funding please contact our office or come along to one of the
advice clinics to learn more."

A dedicated team of staff will be available to provide advice and assistance to
prospective applicants through a number of advice clinics. These will run on:

Tuesday, 27 November, Lisburn City Council, Lagan Valley Island 9.30am to 1pm

Thursday, 29 November, Moneyreagh Community Centre 2pm to 5pm

Thursday, 6 December, Lisburn City Council, Lagan Valley Island 9.30am to 1pm

A further measure is open specifically for Village Renewal applications from
rural communities who have completed Lagan Rural Partnership approved village
action plans.

There is also an opportunity for volunteers to become a social partner of the
Board of Lagan Rural Partnership's Local Action Group, all interested parties
are encouraged to contact the office.

To find out more about the Rural Development Programme and to receive an
application pack for any of the above grant measures or to find out more about
the call for social partners, please contact Melissa Cunningham at 028 9250 9489
or melissa.cunningham@lisburn.gov.uk

Alternatively, an application pack can be downloaded from our website:
www.laganruralpartnership.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INUS


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 30, 2008 Monday
                                  All Editions

USDA flood disaster assistance available

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has grant and loan funds
available to assist owners of residences and businesses damaged by the recent
flooding.

Areas that have been declared by President Bush as federal disaster areas will
receive priority consideration during the application process. These are
Aroostook County and parts of northern Penobscot County.

USDA Rural Development can provide assistance to homeowners whose residences
were damaged by this spring's flooding. The Single Family Housing 504 Loan
Program can be used for home repair or rehabilitation and provides funds at 1
percent interest to those who qualify. Loans of up to $20,000 are available with
a payback period of up to 20 years.

A Single Family Housing 502 Direct Loan, also available, provides housing
assistance to families that fall within income guidelines. The loan can be used
to purchase an existing home, repair an existing home, or for construction of a
new home. The amount of the loan is based on what the applicant can afford and
can be up to $181,800 for 33 years. Payment subsidy is available for qualified
applicants and can reduce payments to as low as 1 percent.

Grant funds are available to rural public entities that qualify for assistance.
Under the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program, grants are available for
rural projects that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging
rural businesses, and to help fund distance learning networks, adult education,
and employment programs. Rural public entities such as towns, communities, state
agencies, and authorities, Indian tribes, and rural private nonprofit
corporations are eligible to apply for funding. RBEG funds are available until
July 18 for designated disaster areas.

USDA Rural Development also offers funds for community assistance facilities
such as rural schools, libraries, day care centers, hospitals, fire and rescue
and emergency centers, fire, and police stations, public buildings, medical and
assisted living centers. Assistance is also available for infrastructure such as
water and waste water systems.

For information about assistance, call 800-352-8963, ext. 161, or e-mail
rdhelps@me.usda.gov with the subject: Disaster Assistance. Be sure to include
your name, phone number, town in which you live, as well as program you are
interested in learning more about.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or visit USDA's Web site www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood grants for farmers and landowners

BYLINE: Johanna Baker-Dowdell

SECTION: RURAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 198 words


The deadline for Tasmanian farmers and landowners to apply for flood grant
assistance is March 31.

Flood-affected communities, landowners and businesses can apply for funding to
clean up damage and rehabilitate land or take out business loans.

This funding covers clean-up grants, emergency assistance grants, transport
subsidies, rural relief funds and work done by the Flood Recovery Taskforce.

Primary Producer Clean-up Grants are up to $10,000 for clean-up and restoration
activities for primary producers in eligible local government areas.

Flood Recovery Loan Scheme offers loans between $25,000 and $200,000 for small
business and primary producers.

The Agricultural Landscape Rehabilitation Scheme has called for proposals from
private landowners and communities in eligible local government areas.

Contact AgriGrowth Tasmania on 6777 2233 or AGT.Admin@dpipwe.tas.gov.au for
Primary Producer Clean-up Grants; Business Tasmania on 1800 440 026 or
businessfinance@stategrowth.tas.gov.au for Flood Recovery Loan Scheme; and NRM
North on 1300 043 116 or alrs@nrmnorth.org.au for the rehabilitation scheme.

Contact Rural Business Tasmania on 1800 883 276 for financial counselling and
support.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood grants for farmers and landowners

BYLINE: Johanna Baker-Dowdell

SECTION: RURAL; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 198 words


The deadline for Tasmanian farmers and landowners to apply for flood grant
assistance is March 31.

Flood-affected communities, landowners and businesses can apply for funding to
clean up damage and rehabilitate land or take out business loans.

This funding covers clean-up grants, emergency assistance grants, transport
subsidies, rural relief funds and work done by the Flood Recovery Taskforce.

Primary Producer Clean-up Grants are up to $10,000 for clean-up and restoration
activities for primary producers in eligible local government areas.

Flood Recovery Loan Scheme offers loans between $25,000 and $200,000 for small
business and primary producers.

The Agricultural Landscape Rehabilitation Scheme has called for proposals from
private landowners and communities in eligible local government areas.

Contact AgriGrowth Tasmania on 6777 2233 or AGT.Admin@dpipwe.tas.gov.au for
Primary Producer Clean-up Grants; Business Tasmania on 1800 440 026 or
businessfinance@stategrowth.tas.gov.au for Flood Recovery Loan Scheme; and NRM
North on 1300 043 116 or alrs@nrmnorth.org.au for the rehabilitation scheme.

Contact Rural Business Tasmania on 1800 883 276 for financial counselling and
support.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

Cash available for rural firms

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 4-5

LENGTH: 256  words


MILLIONS of pounds in grants are available to boost businesses and create jobs
in rural Staffordshire.

£2.25 million is available over the next five years to develop projects which
will deliver jobs and growth in Staffordshire's rural economy.

Gill Heath, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for rural
issues, said: "Staffordshire is a predominantly rural county, and it is home to
a wide diversity of business and commerce. This grant scheme is aimed at
supporting a wide range of businesses or new entrepreneurs who can see an
opportunity to expand and create jobs and need a little help in getting their
idea off the ground."

The Staffordshire LEADER programme is part of the Rural Development Programme
for England and is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development. Delivered by the county council, grants can be for sums between
£2,500 and £40,000 and can fund up to 40 per cent of the total project costs,
though more can be awarded in exceptional circumstances.

Ms Heath added: "This is one of the largest LEADER programmes in England and it
reflects both the importance of rural business and industry to Staffordshire's
balanced economy and the fact that the county council has a track record of
ensuring that the millions of pounds of European funding we successfully bid for
are wisely and effectively spent.

"These grants are designed to reach the parts that others don't to create rural
employment and I would urge businesses, or entrepreneurs with an idea, to get in
touch and discuss it."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Horncastle News

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHNP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Market Rasen Mail

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMRP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Sleaford Standard

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Lincolnshire awarded £90k Defra regeneration grant

BYLINE: Philip Murray

LENGTH: 243  words


Lincolnshire County Council has been awarded a £90,000 grant from Defra designed
to help pave the way for future regeneration projects in the Lindsey, Coast and
Wash Fens areas.

Since 2007, the county council has supported three Leader' schemes, rural
partnerships giving grants to small businesses and community groups in three
locations.

The programme is funded by the Rural Development Programme for England, which is
jointly-funded by Defra and the European Union. Now the council has been awarded
a further £90,000 by Defra to help this work continue.

Councillor Colin Davie, executive member for economic development, said: "Over
the last six years we've invested around £6m in these areas, helping between 70
to 80 small businesses and rural communities.

"However, we now need to look ahead to the future, and decide how best we can
help these areas in the years to come.

"This new grant will help us do that, meaning we can make the best case possible
for our share of future funding."

Among the projects that have received support during the 2007-2013 programme are
The Curve in South Thoresby, which provides eco-friendly holiday accommodation,
and Farmer Brown's Ice Cream Parlour and tea room at Huttoft.

Councillor Davie added: "By helping these small businesses to grow and thrive,
we're also supporting the wider economy. And that benefits everyone."

The Defra grant will help the council prepare its bid for funding during the
2014-2020 programme.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSSP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               February 22, 1985

Finance for Small Businesses: Untangling the regional lifelines / Regional aid

BYLINE: By CLIVE WOODCOCK

LENGTH: 868 words


The Government is planning to cut back severely the amount of money spent on
regional aid, aiming to save some pounds 300 million out of a total budget of
pounds 600 million. It plans to concentrate its aid much more selectively than
in the past.

Regional policy is now viewed in a social rather than an economic light, with
such assistance as remains being largely aimed at helping areas with severe
unemployment problems rather than contributing to recovery in areas suffering
from structural change.


The old three-tier system of intermediate, development, and special development
areas has been replaced by a two-tier system of intermediate and development
areas. Grants for replacement of plant and machinery have been abolished, partly
as a result of pressure from the EEC, and there has been a reduction in the rate
of automatic grants.

The service sector now gets a much better deal, and smaller firms have been
excepted from the lower grant-per-job ceiling of pounds 10,000. The number of
people working in assisted areas has actually grown and now covers about 35 per
cent of the working population compared with just over a quarter previously.

This, however, is mainly a reflection of the fact that the West Midlands now has
intermediate area status.

Full details of what is available in particular areas can be obtained from
regional offices of the Department of Trade and Industry, which is responsible
for regional aid.

Further help with information and possibly in processing applications can be
obtained through the network of about 200 enterprise agencies which have been
set up around the country. A directory of enterprise agencies is published by
Business in the Community, 227a City Road, London EC1V 1JU (01)-253 3716.

Another course of information should be the DTI's Small Firms Service, which can
be contacted by dialling 100 and asking for Freephone Enterprise. One aspect on
which they could enlarge would be the Business Improvement Scheme under which
aid is available through grants for consultancy, for example, to firms in areas
affected by the decline of the textiles, shipbuilding industries.

Although they are not part of the Government's regional policy activities, local
authorities are taking an increasingly active role in financing new and existing
small firms and co-operatives, ranging from large operations like the Greater
London Enterprise Board to small loans and interest relief grants from small
councils.

In the rural areas of England, the Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas,
the main agency of the Development Commission, has more than 60 years
experience.

In addition to counselling and technical advice, CoSIRA does have funds of its
own to finance some projects but generally it prefers to help a business obtain
its funds from other sources. One of the ways in which it does this is through
agreements with clearing banks.

In certain areas grants are also available for converting redundant buildings in
country areas to work places, a scheme which has been very popular.

Details of CoSIRA's assistance can be obtained from its regional offices or the
head office at 141 Castle Street, Salisbury, Wiltshire SP1 3TP.

The Crafts Council can also provide grants and loans to artists and craftsmen
for various purposes, such as enlarging a workshop or buying additional
equipment. This aid is available in both rural and urban areas. Information can
be obtained from the Crafts Council, 12 Waterloo Place, London SE1Y 4AU.

Agencies which provide aid in rural areas are also active in Scotland and Wales.
In Scotland the Highlands and Islands Development Board provides aid including
loans, interest relief grants, participation in share and stock-holding, removal
grants, and grants for building and other purposes.

Full details can be obtained from the HIDB at Bridge House, Bank Street,
Inverness IV1 1QR.

Rural Wales is served by Mid-Wales Development which can arrange a number of
financial packages and other assistance to create jobs in manufacturing and
certain service industries.

CoSIRA, HIDB, and Mid-Wales Development all provide advance factories as well as
grants for converting redundant buildings and a full range of advisory services.
Mid-Wales Development can be contacted at Ladywell House, Newtown, Powys SY16
1JB.

Scotland and Wales also have their own full scale development agencies with a
wide brief to promote economic development in their respective spheres of
influence.

The SDA and WDA both have Small Business Divisions to channel aid to smaller
firms, which can be in the form of loans, grants, or even equity participation.

The SDA's Small Business Division is located at 102 Telford Road, Edinburgh EH4
2NP, and the WDA's Small Business Unit at Treforest Industrial Estate,
Pontypridd, Mid-Glamorgan CF37 5UT.

In Northern Ireland the Local Enterprise Development Unit is responsible for
help for small firms, dealing with companies employing up to 50 people. Grants
and loans are provided, geared to the needs of individual projects as well as
premises and business advice.

LEDU is located at Lamont House, Purdy's Lane, Belfast BT8 4TB.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Countryside and city set to join forces to help Vale

BYLINE: Peter Collins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 315 words


A SIX-YEAR strategy to boost the economy of the rural Vale of Glamorgan by
developing closer ties with Cardiff is set to be agreed by council leaders next
week.

The Rural Local Development Strategy for the Vale of Glamorgan will go before
the council's cabinet on Monday and, if approved, will be sent to the Welsh
Government to allocate the necessary funding. Under a funding agreement a grant
of between £1.82m and £2.145m could be offered.

The strategy will build on a £7.7m rural development programme which has been
running for six years and has included modernisation projects and farm
subsidies.

An action group and partnership called Creative Rural Communities has been set
up to help businesses, groups and individuals support themselves and make them
less reliant on grant funding in the longer term.

It has also provided substantial grant aid for community projects, business
expansion and creation of new businesses, primarily in the tourism sector.

The next programme for 2014-20 is expected to start in January and the strategy
aims to create more economic value from the natural and historic environment of
the rural Vale; maximise the benefit of being part of the Cardiff city region;
encourage local businesses and community enterprises to provide local services
and improving digital usage within local businesses and communities.

The strategy document says: "We aim to build on the existing links with the
capital and make much more of being part of the Cardiff city region. The rural
Vale needs to be seen as a valuable asset for Cardiff - as a place to work, to
grow, to rest, to play and to breathe. Stronger ties can be created with the
cultural, educational and sporting institutions in order to bring benefits back
into the rural Vale."

It continues: "More could be made of the opportunities provided by Cardiff
Airport and the major enterprise zones at Rhoose and St Athan."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

U.S. businesses to receive $7.4 million in grants for food, ag research

BYLINE: Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Sept. 07--WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that
76 small businesses around the country, including several in the Upper Midwest,
will receive $7.4 million in grants to conduct research related to food
security, natural resources, and agricultural issues.

The grants are made through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)
program, a competitive funding source that is coordinated by the Small Business
Administration and administered by 11 federal agencies including the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA), to encourage domestic small businesses to
engage in high-growth research and development that has the potential for
commercialization and could lead to significant public benefit.

"USDA is proud to stand behind America's small businesses, whose ingenuity and
commitment to community is appreciated worldwide," said Vilsack. "Rural America
is finally on the road to recovery after one of the worst economic recessions in
our history, and we cannot underestimate the role that small businesses'
innovation has played in bringing jobs back to their hometowns. The Small
Business Innovation Research Program is one of many ways that USDA has helped
thousands of rural businesses expand on new ideas for the benefit of their own
operations and for our society as a whole. "

Examples of projects that will receive funding today include:

--Unmanned Experts, Inc. in Denver, Colo., is receiving a grant today to conduct
research to accelerate the adoption of unmanned aircraft systems for better fire
and natural resource management, and improved safety for wildland firefighters
and aviators.

--Foundation Instruments, Inc. in Collierville, Tenn., will use a grant to
evaluate the feasibility of a mobile drinking water laboratory to improve water
quality and reduce costs at rural water treatment plants. This project will
develop a mobile laboratory that can be shared between members of a rural
cooperative to provide rural water treatment plants the same access to
high-tech, on-site monitoring programs that are available to large metropolitan
systems. This will allow rural water treatment plans to optimize their treatment
practices, minimize treatment costs, and improve water quality for their
customers.

--Hazel Technologies, LLC in Skokie, Ill., is working to reduce food waste by
developing materials that inhibit ethylene gas, a hormone that plants produce as
they age, in a wider variety of plants and later in the supply chain than is
typically done currently.

The National Institute for Food and Agriculture (NIFA) administers USDA's
portion of the SBIR program with additional funding provided by the Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service, the Agricultural Research Service, the Economic
Research Service, the National Agricultural Statistics Service, and the U.S.
Forest Service. More information on the SBIR projects announced today may be
viewed on the NIFA website.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160907-AW-U-S-businesses-to-receive-7.4-million-in-grants
-for-food-ag-research-0907-20160907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Applications: Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6627  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS):

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two
types of funding assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into
their operations.
Dates

Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. There will be two
application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015
grant funds. These dates apply to both fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition
will not take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received
and ready to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over $20,000
and Combinations) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) May 1,
2015 June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014 Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants December 29,
2014 February 12, 2015.*
Addresses

This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as
well as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural
electric cooperatives; a public power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451, who serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses.
For Further Information Contact

The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley Oehler, Branch
Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
I. Program Description

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and
Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.

A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis.This
Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on February 7, 2014,
(2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal year 2015, for: grants,
guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and
install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and
for grants to conduct energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed
Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152, apply to guaranteed loans for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal
year 2015, the guarantee fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of
the loan and the annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent)
of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition
to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants.
II. Federal Award Information

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for applications to
be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is being published prior to the
Congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The
Agency will continue to process applications received under this announcement
and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the
following Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the
same provisions in this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds.
For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects only,
there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The state allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less
can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

(a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30,
2015, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

(b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of funding requested,
will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of grant and
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and
C(2).

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2015 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2015. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2015. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 2,000, but
will depend on amount of funds made available and on the number of eligible
applicants participating in this program.

E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.
III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public Law 113-79,
mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP canprovide. Within the
maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of total eligible project costs, whether the
grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

(2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, a
grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number
(unless the applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.

B. Application Submittal.

(1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

(a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located.

(b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered. A list of USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

(c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

(2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those
that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy.

(3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy.

C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to participate
in this program must submit applications in accordance with this Notice and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete applications
containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.

(1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications must be received,
in order to compete for the funds available.

(2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be considered
complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

(a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

(b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

(c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

(d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

(e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by
7 CFR 4280.165(c).

(f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

(3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their application, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

(4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7
CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(1), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

(5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

(6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Applications. If an application for a project was submitted for the first time
for fiscal year 2014funding and that initial application was determined
eligible, but was not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year
2014 application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that qualify
under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional information to
document the environmental benefits scoring criterion without creating a new
complete application date. If an applicant submitted the initial application on
or prior to June 14, 2013, the applicant must submit a new application meeting
the requirements of this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015
funds for that project and a new submission date of record will be established.

D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

(1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or plan;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits to the
Agency.

(4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the Agency may determine the
applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after
these dates will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this Notice,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to
be considered for funding in fiscal year 2015 are outlined in the following
paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of paragraph IV.E:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. The Agency is
establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal
years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete for grant funds based on their grant score. The two
dates that complete applications must be received by the Agency in order to
compete for available funds are:

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition
will not take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received
and ready to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) July 8,
2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) May 1,
2015 June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014 Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants December 29,
2014 February 12, 2015.*

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to applications
submitted under this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

(a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2015.

(b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

(c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount
of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.

(2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

(a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2015
funds.

(b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill, mandates that the
recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an agricultural producer
or a rural small business must require the agricultural producer or rural small
business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall
be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the audit.

(3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.

(1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application.

(2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

(3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
V. Application Review Information

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications for projects in rural
areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty will qualify for administrative points applicable under 7 CFR
4280.120(g). This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120.

(2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding.

(a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications must be
submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be considered for these set aside funds.
All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to
the National Office.

(b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000
or less received by April 30, 2015, will be competed against other applications
for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.

(c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that
can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds
for those complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points,
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant-only.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant
funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under §
4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain
after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national
competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget
authority will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.

(5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant
or combination application, the applicant must be notified that they mayaccept
the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve
funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.

If one or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award all, the
remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
applicant must be notified they may accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project.

At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2015.
VI. Federal Award Administration Information

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

(1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

(3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant
Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable.
VII. Other Information
A.

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.
B.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program
complaint please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer." The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.
Dated: December 18, 2014.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator,Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-30184 Filed 12-24-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

USDA grants available for rural development

BYLINE: Winston-Salem Journal

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 186 words


JEFFERSON | USDA Rural Development has an additional $115 million available in
2010 to assist businesses, communities and homeowners in rural North Carolina.
Loans and grants will be available through Sept. 30, or until all the money has
been awarded.

A variety of projects may be eligible, including businesses and economic-
development organizations trying to create jobs, along with communities in need
of infrastructure or facility improvements.

Low-interest, no-down-payment loans are available for eligible families to buy
homes in rural areas or in communities with fewer than 20,000 residents.

USDA Rural Development already has awarded more than $776 million in
stimulus-fund loans and grants since February 2009 in rural North Carolina.

The money includes special funds of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
during the past year that have helped 5,215 families buy homes through nearly
$695 million in guaranteed or direct home loans, or both.

Sixteen businesses in rural communities have received nearly $31 million in
guaranteed loan funds.

For more information on the program, go to www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Maine gets $234,800 for rural development

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 141 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Republican U.S. Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins recently announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program awarded three Rural
Business Enterprise grants totaling $234,800 for projects in Maine.

The funding is distributed as follows:

.  $90,000 to Border Riders Sportsman Club Inc. in Dennistown. This grant will
be used to acquire a snowmobile trail-groomer.  The project is expected to
create two jobs, save 24 jobs and assist eight businesses.

.   $99,800 to the town of Van Buren. This Rural Business Enterprise Grant will
be used to support a revolving loan fund for small businesses in Van Buren.

.  $45,000 to Piscataquis County. These funds will help the county acquire a
2-acre lot adjacent to the ATV and ITS snowmobile trails connecting residents
and tourists to destinations throughout Maine and into Quebec.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Antrim Times

                                  May 26, 2009

GROW funding for rural projects

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 318 words



HIGHLIGHT: GROW South Antrim has announced its first call for applications under
the themes of Tourism & Heritage, Village Renewal and Basic Services for the
Economy & Rural Population.


The call for applications will close at 4pm on Monday, June 22.

The programme is open to individuals, farmers, private businesses, community
groups and not-for-profit organisations, offering support to develop tourism and
preserve rural heritage, enrich village communities and improve the quality of
life in rural areas.

Chair of the GROW Local Action Group, Vera McWilliam, said: "These themes aim to
encourage tourism activities, conserve and upgrade rural heritage, support
villages and enhance basic services for people who live in rural South Antrim.

"We look forward to supporting projects and investing in the local communities
to make a real difference, especially in these difficult economic times. We
would urge anyone with a project idea to get in touch with us to find out what
support is available. By investing together, we can grow together.""

Up to £250,000 is available to not-for-profit organisations at a maximum grant
rate of 75%, so if your total project cost is, for example, £40,000, you can
apply to GROW for a maximum grant of £30,000. The maximum grant available for
private businesses is £50,000 at a 50 per cent grant rate.

Details of eligible activities can be found on the GROW website
www.growsouthantrim.com or by contacting the GROW office on 028 9448 1311.

Applications can be completed online through www.eugrants.org Applications
submitted after the deadline of 4pm on Monday, June 22 will not be accepted.

The second call for applications under the Farm Diversification and Business
Creation & Development themes will open on Monday, October 19.

GROW South Antrim has been set up to manage and deliver funding under the
Northern Ireland Rural Development Programme 2007 - 2013 across rural South
Antrim. The Rural Development Programme 2007-2013 is part financed by the
European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the Department of
Agriculture and Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ANTM


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016

LENGTH: 6802 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)


  Action

  Notice.

  Summary

  The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance
of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is
designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy
costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP
have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2)Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.



  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

 Dates
 Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV.E. of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016.

  For Further Information Contact

  The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  For information about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

  Supplementary Information

  Eligible Applicants: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses.

  I. Program Description

  REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants.

  A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined
grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems,
and make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance.

  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from
these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

  The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

  B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

  C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project
Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed
loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
For fiscal year 2016, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent
(0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

  D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

  E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants.

  II. Federal Award Information

  A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

  B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

  C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only
funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects
only, there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewableenergy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

  (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds until June 30,
2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

  (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement will consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory
funding from fiscal year 2015.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will consist of
fiscal year 2016 funds.

  (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2)
of this section.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

  D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.

  E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

  III. Eligibility Information

  A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program,
an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

  B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion
of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in
7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

  C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

  D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

  (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants,
a grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

  E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

  IV. Application and Submission Information

  A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly
recommends that applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov.

  B. Application Submittal.

  (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

  (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered.

  (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

  (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e.,
those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine
applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the
technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.

  (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be
received in order to compete for the funds available.

  (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

  (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

  (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than
$80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

  (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

  (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

  (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).

  (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

  (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

  (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in
7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must
be prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

  (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

  (6) Fiscal Year 2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grant Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was
submitted after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding
and that initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in
either the State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider
that application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established.

  D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

  (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application;

  (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

  (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application it submits to the Agency.

  (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this section, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

  E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section:

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant funds are:

  (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the &ldquo;Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,&rdquo;
complete applications must be received no later than:

  (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on November 2, 2015, or

  (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications eligible and ready to be funded.

  (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 1, 2016.







      Application

      Applicationwindowopeningdates

      Applicationwindowclosingdates





      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds)

      July 1, 2015

      November 2, 2015.



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for the remaining set aside funds)

      November 3, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)

      July 1, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
Loans

      Continuous application cycle

      Continuous application cycle.



      Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants

      February 13, 2015

      February 1, 2016.*





  F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

  G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

  (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016.

  (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

  (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section
contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans.

  (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

  (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2016
funds.

  (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016.

  (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.

  (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice,
the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system,
energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

  H. Other submission requirements and information.

  (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised
to contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable to ensure adequate review time.

  (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
&ldquo;Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, &ldquo;Assurance Regarding
Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Both
forms can be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.

  (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

  (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

  V. Application Review Information

  A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented below.

  (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator consider
awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b) below.

  (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who are
members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is:

  (i) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and

  (ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups
whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because
of their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners ofthe project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.

  (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which addresses applications that
further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of Agriculture priority,
projects:

  (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the
most recent 5-year American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at
least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding by
2016 to these areas of need and

  (ii) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.

  (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.

  (3) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

  B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to
the competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on
submittal date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete
application. The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the
last piece of information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to
score, rank, and compete the application for funding.

  (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications
must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or May 2, 2016, in order to be considered
for these set-aside funds. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for
those complete applications the Agency receives by November 2, 2015, and 50
percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May
2, 2016. All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be
pooled to the National Office.

  (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of
$20,000 or less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other
applications for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016.

  (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted
grant State funds. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, will be allocated to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will
be pooled to the National Office.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant-only applications.

  (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant funds allocated
to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this section. If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan
reserve, and no further competition will be required.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained
in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from
each State, based on the scoring criteria established under &sect; 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.

  (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the
total amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit the total request
for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant
agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes
of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to
complete the project.

  (a) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional
amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office reserve. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project.

  (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

  C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

  D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2016.

  VI. Federal Award Administration Information

  A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency
will award and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements
of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to this Notice.

  B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

  (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

  (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

  (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart.
Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue
any form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the
Agency.

  (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

  C. Reporting.

  Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the &ldquo;For Further Information Contact&rdquo;
section of this notice.

  VII. Other Information

  A. Paperwork Reduction Act

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

  B. Nondiscrimination Statement

  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)

  If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a
letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your
completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

  Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

  Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).


   Dated: September 29, 2015.

   Samuel H. Rikkers,

   Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25321 Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016

LENGTH: 6802 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)


  Action

  Notice.

  Summary

  The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance
of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is
designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy
costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP
have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2)Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.



  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

 Dates
 Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV.E. of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016.

  For Further Information Contact

  The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  For information about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

  Supplementary Information

  Eligible Applicants: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses.

  I. Program Description

  REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants.

  A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined
grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems,
and make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance.

  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from
these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

  The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

  B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

  C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project
Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed
loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
For fiscal year 2016, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent
(0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

  D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

  E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants.

  II. Federal Award Information

  A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

  B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

  C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only
funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects
only, there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewableenergy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

  (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds until June 30,
2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

  (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement will consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory
funding from fiscal year 2015.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will consist of
fiscal year 2016 funds.

  (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2)
of this section.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

  D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.

  E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

  III. Eligibility Information

  A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program,
an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

  B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion
of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in
7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

  C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

  D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

  (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants,
a grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

  E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

  IV. Application and Submission Information

  A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly
recommends that applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov.

  B. Application Submittal.

  (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

  (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered.

  (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

  (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e.,
those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine
applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the
technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.

  (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be
received in order to compete for the funds available.

  (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

  (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

  (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than
$80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

  (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

  (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

  (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).

  (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

  (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

  (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in
7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must
be prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

  (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

  (6) Fiscal Year 2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grant Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was
submitted after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding
and that initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in
either the State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider
that application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established.

  D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

  (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application;

  (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

  (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application it submits to the Agency.

  (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this section, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

  E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section:

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant funds are:

  (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the &ldquo;Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,&rdquo;
complete applications must be received no later than:

  (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on November 2, 2015, or

  (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications eligible and ready to be funded.

  (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 1, 2016.







      Application

      Applicationwindowopeningdates

      Applicationwindowclosingdates





      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds)

      July 1, 2015

      November 2, 2015.



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for the remaining set aside funds)

      November 3, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)

      July 1, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
Loans

      Continuous application cycle

      Continuous application cycle.



      Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants

      February 13, 2015

      February 1, 2016.*





  F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

  G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

  (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016.

  (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

  (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section
contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans.

  (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

  (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2016
funds.

  (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016.

  (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.

  (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice,
the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system,
energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

  H. Other submission requirements and information.

  (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised
to contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable to ensure adequate review time.

  (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
&ldquo;Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, &ldquo;Assurance Regarding
Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Both
forms can be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.

  (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

  (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

  V. Application Review Information

  A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented below.

  (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator consider
awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b) below.

  (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who are
members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is:

  (i) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and

  (ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups
whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because
of their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners ofthe project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.

  (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which addresses applications that
further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of Agriculture priority,
projects:

  (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the
most recent 5-year American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at
least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding by
2016 to these areas of need and

  (ii) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.

  (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.

  (3) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

  B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to
the competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on
submittal date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete
application. The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the
last piece of information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to
score, rank, and compete the application for funding.

  (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications
must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or May 2, 2016, in order to be considered
for these set-aside funds. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for
those complete applications the Agency receives by November 2, 2015, and 50
percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May
2, 2016. All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be
pooled to the National Office.

  (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of
$20,000 or less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other
applications for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016.

  (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted
grant State funds. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, will be allocated to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will
be pooled to the National Office.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant-only applications.

  (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant funds allocated
to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this section. If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan
reserve, and no further competition will be required.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained
in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from
each State, based on the scoring criteria established under &sect; 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.

  (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the
total amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit the total request
for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant
agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes
of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to
complete the project.

  (a) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional
amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office reserve. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project.

  (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

  C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

  D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2016.

  VI. Federal Award Administration Information

  A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency
will award and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements
of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to this Notice.

  B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

  (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

  (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

  (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart.
Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue
any form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the
Agency.

  (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

  C. Reporting.

  Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the &ldquo;For Further Information Contact&rdquo;
section of this notice.

  VII. Other Information

  A. Paperwork Reduction Act

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

  B. Nondiscrimination Statement

  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)

  If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a
letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your
completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

  Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

  Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).


   Dated: September 29, 2015.

   Samuel H. Rikkers,

   Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25321 Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 14, 2002 Sunday

Farmers urged to apply for value-added project grants; Funds: Several programs
are available to help market products

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a17

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: MAQUOKETA, Iowa


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing in new ideas.

The federal farm bill, passed this year by Congress, authorizes $$ @40 million
annually for the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants
program. Value-added products return more revenue to farmers than bulk
commodities do, such as, using corn for ethanol production or growing organic
vegetables.

"The primary objective of this grant is to help eligible producers to market
their products," said Tom Miller, with the agriculture department's Rural
Development office in Maquoketa.

Independent farmers, farmer cooperatives, and agriculture producer groups are
eligible. Businesses where farmers own majority control also are eligible.

"It's really wide open. The eligibility criteria have been expanded," Miller
said.

Grant funds may be used for planning a value-added agricultural enterprise, or
for working capital. The grant dollars must be matched by the applicants.

There also is a plethora of other governmental, quasi-governmental, and
privately funded grant and loan programs to help entrepreneurs.
Rural-development officials outlined some of the tools available at an
informational meeting Thursday in Maquoketa. About 40 people from around eastern
Iowa attended.

"We are there to help you," said Cali Beals, with the Iowa Department of
Economic Development. Beals said some business people at the meeting may be
eligible for the state's Value-Added Agricultural Products and Processes
Financial Assistance Program. The program has invested $$ @5.5 million in 34
value-added projects since 1994, she said.

Value-added projects also could be eligible for assistance from rural electric
cooperatives. Patty Manual, with the Maquoketa Valley Rural Electric
Cooperative, said the cooperative's Rural Economic Development Loan Program can
provide some "gap finances."

Another resource for value-added agricultural enterprises is the Iowa Farm
Bureau Federation, said Dennis Harding, the Farm Bureau's Commodity Services
Coordinator.

The Farm Bureau offers a technical assistance grant that can be used in a
variety of ways, Harding said.

"It's a very flexible grant program," Harding said. He also urged agricultural
entrepreneurs to network with local economic-development agencies.

"I think you'll be pleasantly surprised on how much information is out there and
how much support is out there," Harding said.

That includes county farm bureau organizations, said Tim Neiss, regional manager
for five eastern Iowa Farm Bureaus.

"Don't overlook what the county farm bureaus can do for you," he said.

The various state and local grant programs can be used in conjunction with the
federal program as part of a total assistance package for new businesses, Miller
said.

The federal program is a competitive grant. Projects submitted for consideration
are scored and compete with other proposals from across the United States.
Miller is optimistic Iowa's value-added projects will be competitive.

"We've got a lot of things funded in Iowa from this program," he said. Last
year, Iowa projects received $$ @9 million of the $$ @25 million available.

The deadline to submit applications is Aug. 8. Miller said he looks for the
program to be popular in Iowa.

"I'm expecting to be real busy," he said.

<br>

<br>

News You Can Use

More information on the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development
Grants Program is available on the web at:

Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grant Program, on the web
at:

www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Tom Miller

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES OVER $199,000 USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT GRANT TO UTRGV

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has awarded an over $199,000 Rural Cooperative Development grant to
the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.









 The Rural Development funds will be used to create new cooperatives or business
enterprises, provide assistance to several existing cooperatives and cooperative
groups, and further promote the benefits of cooperatives through advocacy,
training, and technical assistance.







 "I am pleased that UTRGV has been awarded over $199,000 through the USDA Rural
Development Grant program. These funds will help provide much needed assistance
to Rio Grande Valley employers and cooperative enterprises. They can use these
funds to develop their business plans and strategies in order to grow their
ventures and in turn generate continued economic development and job growth
across our region."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

USDA seeks apps to spur job creation, economic growth

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


WASHINGTON, DC - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is
seeking applications for grants to help rural businesses create jobs and spur
economic development.

"This funding is part of the Obama administration's commitment to using existing
federal resources to foster regional innovation, create sustainable jobs and
help ensure long-term prosperity," Vilsack said. "The funding will speed up job
creation and new business start-ups and expansions by building regional economic
systems in rural areas."

USDA Rural Development plans to award up to $8.6 million through the Rural
Community Development Initiative program. Applications are sought for projects
that:

Provide technical assistance to improve the capacity of local organizations to
complete successful housing, economic development and community facilities
projects;

Help recipients complete pre-development requirements - such as architectural
and engineering plans;

Help development organizations improve their board operations, management and
knowledge of financial and information technology systems;

Provide homeownership education or training for entrepreneurs.

When told of the availability of this funding, USDA Rural Development State
Director Terry Brunner said, "In these challenging times, when America is facing
tough competition from around the globe, we need to up our game. And that is why
USDA is providing this type of funding which in the long run will create jobs
and revitalize New Mexico's economy."

Part of the RCDI funds to be awarded may be used for projects associated with
the Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator Challenge, which was announced on
March 8, 2012. This initiative was designed by the Taskforce for the Advancement
of Regional Innovation Clusters and the White House Rural Council. Secretary
Vilsack chairs the Council. The Jobs Accelerator is being funded by USDA, the
U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration, the Delta
Regional Authority and the Appalachian Regional Commission.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is May 9, 2012. Applications must
be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the applicant's
headquarters are located. A list of these offices is available on the USDA Rural
Development website. For more information, see the March 21 Federal Register.

The deadline to apply for RCDI funding for Rural Jobs and Innovation Accelerator
projects is May 9, 2012. For more information on how to apply, please visit
Grants.gov. Applications for Jobs Accelerator projects must be submitted to both
USDA and the EDA.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council -chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack - the President wants the federal government to be the
best possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs and for people who
want to live, work and raise their families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices.

Rural Development has an active portfolio of more than $165 billion in
affordable loans and loan guarantees.

These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This funding is part of the Obama administration's commitment to using
existing federal resources to foster regional innovation, create sustainable
jobs and help ensure long-term prosperity. Secretary Tom Vilsack, US Dept. of
Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Businesses urged to apply for £1 million grant fund

BYLINE: JAN WOOSTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 422 words


BUSINESS people in the Bay are being urged to apply for grants to help grow
their business by the Heart of the South West (HotSW) Local Enterprise
Partnership (LEP).

The £1 million Rural Enterprise Grant Programme, which was launched in January,
has received over 100 applications so far and businesses are being encouraged to
apply now to maximise their chances of success. The Rural Enterprise Grant,
designed to boost growth and create jobs throughout the area, is in addition to
the Government's £2.9 million investment in HotSW's Rural Growth Network (RGN).

The RGN is expected to create around 1,300 new jobs in the Devon and Somerset
and increase gross value added (GVA) by tens of millions.

Rural enterprises with fewer than ten employees are eligible to apply for the
business grants, although applicants will need to meet 60 per cent of project
costs, with the grant covering a maximum of 40 per cent.

Applications from the following sectors will be prioritised during the
assessment process - manufacturing, information communication and technology,
creative industries, environmental technologies and business services, unless
significant economic impact can be demonstrated.

The grant scheme is part of Defra's Rural Development Programme for England that
has already transformed the prospects of thousands of rural businesses across
the country. Stephen Bird, Chair of the RGN Management Board, which acts as the
grants decision making panel for this fund, said: "Micro businesses represent
around 90 per cent of businesses across Devon and Somerset, so this grant has
massive potential to grow the economy in our area.

"We've been really pleased with the number of applications so far, but we'd like
to remind people about the grant and ask them to submit their applications as
soon as possible: once the money has been allocated to grants, the application
process will be closed.

Keri Denton, Head of Economy and Enterprise at Devon County Council said: "We
know that Devon contains some of the most exciting and innovative businesses and
we want to help them grow and these grants give entrepreneurs an opportunity to
invest in their business.

"To qualify for funding, applications need to be processed as soon as possible
and we are encouraging businesses to make contact with Rural Focus to clarify
their eligibility in the first instance."

Interested applicants are asked to visit the website for further details at
http:// www.heartofswlep.co.uk/rural-growthgrants or call 08456 047047 to speak
with a Rural Focus advisor.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2013 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 30, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Partnerships receive funds for building communities

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: H; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 787 words


Fourteen community partnerships, including three in Southeast Nebraska, will
share $341,716 in grants from the state Department of Economic Development and
the Rural Development Commission.

The grants were awarded through the Building Entrepreneurial Communities Act
(BECA).

"Each of these projects not only address very pressing needs with great care and
intent, but involves many partners in doing so," said John Jordison, director of
government affairs and economic development for Great Plains Communication Inc.,
and current chairman of the Rural Development Commission.

"And therein lies the beauty of the BECA program," he said. "The more
stakeholders there are in these projects, the greater the odds are for highly
successful outcomes."

BECA grants encourage regional projects. All 14 applicants received some
funding, with 12 of the 14 projects providing a 25 percent cash match. Two
limited resource areas were awarded planning grants to establish collaborations
and develop proposals for submission. No match is required for planning grants.

Southeast Nebraska grant recipients :

* Geneva, Shickley, Fairmont and Milligan. $5,600 to invite alumni to "Come Home
to Fillmore County" through direct mail, Web sites and podcasts. All four
communities and Fillmore County Development Corp. will provide the match.

* Workforce Improvement Network, a partnership among Auburn, Seward and North
Platte. $55,000 to enable each partnering community to implement a workforce
development campaign promoting economic development within the respective
communities and their regions. Matching funds will be provided through the AIM
Institute.

* Thayer County Entrepreneurship Incentive, a partnership between Thayer County
and Davenport. $10,000 to develop a strategy that addresses business
development, encourages youth and young adult participation in entrepreneurship
programs and educates youth about the opportunities for coming home to work and
live. The Thayer County Economic Development Alliance, made up of the
communities of Alexandria, Belvidere, Chester, Davenport, Gilead, Bruning,
Byron, Carleton, Deshler, Hebron and Hubbell, will provide matching funds.

Other recipients:

* The St. Paul and Howard County partnership. $5,028 to create collaborations
between existing and potential businesses and to provide business education and
technical assistance for the advancement of communities in Howard County.

* Partnership between Gering and Scottsbluff. $70,000 to market a new workforce
recruitment Web site, www.wehavejobs.net, the only one in the western region of
the state offering active jobs and recruitment information.

* The Ord and Valley County partnership. $20,000 to create a marketing CD and
job opportunities Web site, hire alumni to teach leadership classes, provide
entrepreneurial support and welcome newcomers.

* The Aurora and Hamilton County partnership. $11,440 to host Hamilton Strategic
EDGE to increase management skills that lead to new, expanding and profitable
small businesses and to help sharpen participants' entrepreneurial skills.

* Gibbon Country Community County Celebration (Gibbon, Arnold and Creighton).
$23,200 to educate and train residents about creating rural tourism businesses
that generate revenue for residents and attract tourism dollars to the
community.

* Partners Western Nebraska Development Network and Hemingford. $5,000 planning
grant to build a strategic coalition for western Nebraska.

* Building and Enhancing Business and School Communication and Collaboration
(Knox County and Creighton). $16,000 to establish a positive school and business
collaboration and communications in the county. Students also will develop
professional interview skills.

* New Resident Recruitment (Brown and Keya Paha counties and project partner
North Central Development Center). $60,000 to educate residents about available
job opportunities in north central Nebraska and to attract new residents.

* Western Nebraska Community Web site and New Resident Service Bureau (Cheyenne,
Deuel, Kimball, Garden, Scotts Bluff, Box Butte and Morrill counties). $35,500.
The High Plains Compass Community Web site will be a communication tool for
existing and potential residents to improve retention of employees in western
Nebraska.

* Bringing Back People to Cedar County to Stay (Fordyce and Hartington). $19,948
to recruit alumni, conduct entrepreneurial, leadership and business training,
and to attract new residents to the region.

* Elkhorn River Valley Business Development (Beemer, Pilger and Wisner, Stanton
County, and Wisner-Pilger Public Schools). $5,000 to implement a planning study
focused on small business development, entrepreneurship, business transfer and
ways to attract new residents.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            June 18, 2005, Saturday

BOOST FOR RURAL SHOPS

SECTION: Ulster Edition; BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 238 words


AN initiative aimed at keeping rural shops open has been launched by the
Northern Ireland Rural Development Council. The Rural Retail Support programme
recognises the contribution shops make in providing vital services to those
living in rural areas. Managed and delivered by the council, the programme
provides eligible retailers with an opportunity to avail of specialised business
mentoring, training and development support. Businesses will also have the
chance of applying for grant assistance of up to £10,000. Caroline Breakey,
chair of the Rural Development Council, said: "We are delighted to announce a
further call for applications on to the Business Development Support phase of
the programme. "We are currently working with over 80 rural retailers from
across Northern Ireland, having invested over £900,000 in Peace II money and
£340,000 from the International Fund for Ireland. She added: "Local shops are
often more than a provider of goods and services, they are a place where people
meet, access information and are a valuable asset both in terms of their social
and economic outputs." To be eligible, retailers must be located at least three
miles away from any settlement of greater than 5,000 people and be the sole
provider of a particular service within the targeted area. The programme is open
for applications which must be completed by July 25. For more information visit
www.rdc.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2005 Century Newspapers Limited


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            June 18, 2005, Saturday

BOOST FOR RURAL SHOPS

SECTION: Ulster Edition; BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 242 words


AN initiative aimed at keeping rural shops open has been launched by the
Northern Ireland Rural Development Council.

The Rural Retail Support programme recognises the contribution shops make in
providing vital services to those living in rural areas.

Managed and delivered by the council, the programme provides eligible retailers
with an opportunity to avail of specialised business mentoring, training and
development support.

Businesses will also have the chance of applying for grant assistance of up to
£10,000.

Caroline Breakey, chair of the Rural Development Council, said: "We are
delighted to announce a further call for applications on to the Business
Development Support phase of the programme.

"We are currently working with over 80 rural retailers from across Northern
Ireland, having invested over £900,000 in Peace II money and £340,000 from the
International Fund for Ireland.

She added: "Local shops are often more than a provider of goods and services,
they are a place where people meet, access information and are a valuable asset
both in terms of their social and economic outputs."

To be eligible, retailers must be located at least three miles away from any
settlement of greater than 5,000 people and be the sole provider of a particular
service within the targeted area.

The programme is open for applications which must be completed by July 25. For
more information visit www.rdc.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2005 Century Newspapers Limited


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               September 24, 2009

Mississippi utility lands loan from USDA

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 96  words


Southwest Mississippi Electric Power Association is receiving a $740,000 loan
from USDA Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program, one of 11
recipients to receive $6.17 million in loans and grants to spur economic
development in eight states.

USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program provides zero-interest
loans and grants to local utilities that re-lend money to local businesses for
projects that will create and retain jobs in rural areas.

Funding of each recipient is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
conditions of the loan or grant agreement.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 19, 2008 Monday
                                   e1 Edition

EU funding brings life to rural businesses in KwaZulu-Natal

BYLINE: Samantha Enslin-Payne Durban

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 985 words


Funding from Gijima KZN, a local economic development programme set up by the
KwaZulu-Natal government and funded by the EU, has breathed life into 171 rural
businesses, creating a base for further development.

Designing the programme, selecting suitable projects and ensuring their
effective implementation have been challenging, says team leader Gareth Coleman.
But the lessons learnt will enable the province's department of economic
development to take the project and its funding forward - perhaps in an altered
form - when it is fully handed over next year.

Coleman says: "The aim of Gijima KZN was to get a pipeline of projects. We had
700 applications which means there are still ideas out there."

Coleman, who works for consultancy WYG International, has been managing the
project for the department, which is gearing up for the handover. It now has 19
staff members working on local economic development, compared with three people
when the project started five years ago.

In 2003 the EU signed a funding agreement with South Africa's treasury, with the
Europeans committing R300 million to the project in KwaZulu-Natal. The bloc has
also funded economic development projects in Limpopo and the Eastern Cape.

In KwaZulu-Natal the project took a while to get off the ground. Consultants
were appointed through a tender process that was finalised in September 2004.
The project was then designed, and in January 2005 the first call for proposals
was issued, followed by nine subsequent calls.

The project was meant to be wrapped up this year, but because of delays an
extension from the EU has been requested.

There was initially uncertainty on whether to disburse the EU funds as loans or
grants for businesses or fund studies. But the decision to go for grants has
proved fortuitous because banks, which have since jointly funded some projects,
"like grants because it cushions their risks", Coleman says.

Standard Bank, Absa, First National Bank, Ithala and the Industrial Development
Corporation have all funded projects.

Coleman says: "These are not survivalist ventures. These are projects that could
become sustainable businesses."

As the programme focuses on rural areas, funding has been skewed towards
agroprocessing. Coleman says that in future, there is likely to be a limit on
agricultural projects, because to develop rural areas, their economies need to
be diversified.

Depending on the size of the grant, applicants either had to put in 30 percent
of their own funds or make a contribution in kind. The grants are paid out in
instalments over the life of the project.

Businesses that have received grants include Clearlife, which makes toilet seat
covers and received R3.8 million. Chief executive Logan Naidoo says the business
produced 27 216 units a day, which are stocked at Clicks, Pick n Pay
hypermarkets and other big chain stores.

Clearlife used the grant primarily to market its disposal waterproof toilet seat
cover, Loo-genic, which is targeted at women in living standards measures 7 to
10 who use public toilets at shopping centres and restaurants.

Stable Wine Estate received funding for extensions to its winery, vineyards and
restaurants. Marketing director Judy van Niekerk says one of the ideas behind
Gijima is to increase competitiveness to ensure sustainability and hence
employment. "It certainly assisted us. We were able to buy equipment which
improved our yield by 25 percent. This pushed the cost of production down and
profits increased."

Stables Wine employs 16 permanent staff and up to 35 seasonal workers for 10
months of the year. The company mostly focuses on the KwaZulu-Natal market,
exports to the UK, and has export orders from France.

Nkandla Essential Oils, which grows and processes roses, geraniums and rosemary,
is another Gijima KZN project. Chief executive Mduduzi Xulu says that initially,
funding was received for assistance with the business plan. Subsequent funds
will be used to expand from 15ha to 25ha, along with further funding from local
government. Xulu says there are plans to expand into lemon grass and tea tree
oils.

Coleman says: "I expect most of the businesses funded will be sustainable."

Of the 200 projects initially funded, 16 were never contracted due to the
applicants' inability to raise their share of the funds. A further 13 never got
off the ground as the applicants did not meet all the conditions.

"There is not a culture in South Africa of compliance with the contractual
obligations which come with grant funding," Coleman says. "For example, some
people don't see the necessity to comply with the time frames set in the project
agreement. Of course, this can be due to circumstances beyond their control."

Even with the fairly rigorous application process, Coleman says it could still
be improved. Applicants had to prove financial capability by submitting
financial statements and projected cash flows. "But it's a paper check. Bringing
banks in has provided greater safeguards as they have their own vetting
processes."

In future, candidates should be interviewed, as some people are good at
applications but do not have the skills to manage projects, Coleman says.

"You need tight controls when dealing with free money," he adds. "Sometimes this
attracts people without the skills to operate in the real economy, or sharks."

But the EU process itself is very time consuming for applicants that may then
not receive funding. Coleman suggests a simplified application to trim down the
projects to those that have a greater chance of success.

So far Gijima KZN has disbursed R140 million. Coleman hopes that once approval
for the extension is granted, a further R25 million may be available for fresh
proposals.

Before the project is finally handed over to the provincial government, an
assessment will be done on who have been the real beneficiaries of Gijima KZN.
The outcome will influence how the province takes the project forward.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Village of Morris to Receive Over $2 Million in
Federal Funding for Water Management

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Village of Morris has received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant for
a total of $2,475,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. The funding will
be used for several water management projects, including construction of a new
water storage tank that will replace the existing 130 year old tank. In
addition, Morris will replace aging water mains and install individual water
meters for each service as well as a section of pipe for increased chlorine
contact time to ensure safe drinking water.

"Supporting New York's rural communities with smart investments for water
management is pivotal for communities like the Village of Morris and its local
economy. It improves water quality and spurs economic development," said Senator
Schumer. "This USDA Rural Development investment for the Village of Morris will
improve local access to clean water in turn will help enhance quality of life in
the community and lead the way for further economic development in the region."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more families in the Village of Morris, and help strengthen
the local economy," Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is
an effective way to attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by
making these investments at the federal level, we can help hold the line on
property bills to help Morris families keep more of what they earn."

The USDA Rural Development funding for the Village of Morris in Otsego County
comprises a $1,725,000 loan and $750,000 grant. The USDA Rural Development's
mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve the quality of life for
rural residents. USDA Rural Development fosters growth in homeownership,
finances business development, and supports the creation of necessary community
and technology infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

Four area broadband grants announced

BYLINE: Tim Krohn, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


Jan. 11--Four area telecommunication companies have been awarded state grants to
expand high-speed broadband in rural areas.

The awards, among 42 grants totaling $34 million for projects across Greater
Minnesota, were announced Wednesday by Lt. Gov. Tina Smith.

New Ulm Telecom will get $200,397 toward a project that will serve 14 unserved
households and 32 unserved businesses in Lake Hanska Township in Brown County
and Riverdale Township in Watonwan County. New Ulm Telephone will improve
service levels in an area populated with farms and home-based businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $445,326, with a $244,929 local match.

Blue Earth Valley Telephone Co. got $152,828 to help serve 18 unserved
households (including farms), eight unserved businesses, two underserved
households and three underserved businesses in rural Winnebago in Faribault
County. Blue Earth Valley Telephone will improve services that will help
livestock and grain farmers in the region. The total eligible project cost is
$382,070, with a $229,242 local match.

The Granada Telephone Co. got $157,920 to serve 26 unserved households and 14
unserved businesses in the rural Granada area in Martin County. Granada
Telephone will provide advanced broadband services to farms and residences in
the area. The total eligible project cost is $394,800, with a $236,880 local
match.

Martin County also received $1.68 million to serve 1,784 unserved households, 51
unserved businesses and nine unserved community institutions in Martin County.
Frontier Communications will partner with Martin County to provide services that
will attract economic development and make businesses more competitive. The
total eligible project cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.82 million local match.

"This will really level the playing field, providing them access to the same
opportunities available to urban area residents," Smith said during a telephone
press conference. "This will expand high-speed internet to over 16,000
households and 2,200 businesses and 71 community institutions."

She said the grants will leverage another $40 million in private and local
funding to expand broadband.

The $34 million in funding was approved by the 2016 Legislature. Gov. Mark
Dayton had requested $100 million.

Since starting the Border-to-Border Broadband Development Program, the state has
provided $66 million that have been matched by nearly $82 million in private
funding.

DEED Commissioner Shawntera Hardy said broadband access is especially important
to rural businesses. "Broadband is an important economic development tool that
will improve people's quality of life and make businesses more competitive."

A new report is recommending another $110 million be budgeted for the effort
during the 2017 legislative session. But while lawmakers and Gov. Mark Dayton
have had well-publicized debates over the grant funding, the telecommunications
industry has been winning quieter battles that may be undermining the program,
Dan Dorman told The Free Press in a recent interview.

"It's really been a tough uphill battle," said Dorman, executive director of the
Greater Minnesota Partnership, which lobbies for policies that promote outstate
economic development.

One of Dorman's biggest concerns is a change in the grant program approved by
the Legislature in 2016 that allows existing cable companies and other internet
providers to challenge grants being sought by a new competitor looking to enter
a marketplace.

The provision seemed reasonable at first blush -- that existing companies could
object to state aid being provided to competitors if the existing provider
promised to upgrade its service.

"On the surface, a lot of legislators said, 'Well, that sounds reasonable -- let
the local provider have that chance," Dorman said. "... It sounds like it just
protects the local guy, but it really is really anti-competitive and keeps the
competitor out."

The problem is that incumbent providers can challenge most grant applications by
promising that they are planning to provide better service. The promised service
can be substantially slower than what the new competitor is proposing, and the
existing providers don't have to actually follow through on their promise.

Follow Tim Krohn on Twitter @TimKrohn

___ (c)2017 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170111-FP-Four-area-broadband-grants-announced-0111-20170111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2017 The Free Press


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday

USDA announces support for rural housing projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


WASHINGTON DC - Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Dallas
Tonsager announced the selection of recipients in 49 states and the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico for grants to make repairs and improve housing conditions for
low- and very-low-income rural residents.

"For many rural residents, maintaining a home with basic features such as indoor
plumbing and safe electrical wiring is often unaffordable," Tonsager said. "This
program supports basic repairs to improve living conditions for rural residents
with extremely limited incomes."

The more than $4.4 million in funding announced is being provided through USDA
Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant program. Funds are provided to
intermediaries such as town or county governments, public agencies, federally
recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit and faith-based and community
organizations. These organizations then distribute the funds to homeowners and
owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings who repair
dwellings occupied by low- and very-low-income residents.

Two projects in New Mexico were included in the announcement; the first is a
Habitat for Humanity project in Taos that will use $22,232 to rehabilitate and
repair two homes in Taos County.

The second project will see another $22,232 granted to Tierra de Sol Housing
Corporation. That funding will be used to rehabilitate and repair three homes
located in Luna County and Dona Ana County.

Grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds may
also be used to weatherize and make homes more energy efficient. Many of the
USDA grants are being leveraged with funding from additional sources.

USDA's Housing Preservation Grant Program has a record of helping low-income
rural residents eliminate safety or health challenges.

Please click here for a complete list of recipients that were selected to
receive USDA housing preservation grants. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement. For information on other
Rural Development's projects, please visit the agency's new interactive web map
at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/RDSuccessStories.html. The map features program
funding and success stories for fiscal years 2009-2011.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $174 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "For many rural residents, maintaining a home with basic features such
as indoor plumbing and safe electrical wiring is often unaffordable. This
program supports basic repairs to improve living conditions for rural residents
with extremely limited incomes. Dallas Tonsager, Agriculture Under Secretary for
Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 71689 - 71696 [FR DOC #
2016-25163]

LENGTH: 7873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following [[Page
71690]] link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For
information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and
Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Program
Description The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and
helps meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any
time throughout the year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates
that applications have to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided
by the Agricultural Act of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017
for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to
purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency
improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance. The administrative requirements in effect at the time
the application window closes for a competition will be applicable to each type
of funding available under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice: (1) The provisions specified
in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type described in this
Notice. (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply
to renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.
(3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan. (4) The
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196
apply to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II.
Federal Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under 7 U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number.
10.868. C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates
for applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being
published prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for
Federal FY 2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under
this announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will
be announced on the following Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural
-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-systems-energy-efficiency, and are
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. To ensure that small projects
have a fair opportunity to compete for the funding and are consistent with the
priorities set forth in the statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the
Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30, 2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant-funds.
There will be allocations of grant funds to each Rural Development State Office
for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements applications. The
State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds
and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements applications for either grants of
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less. (2) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements loan guarantee funds. Rural Development's
National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed loan funds. (3) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of funds available for combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications are outlined in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2) of this Notice.
(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory
funds and will be maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these
funds will take place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be
moved to the renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in
any of the renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions. D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
1,000 based on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory
funding of $50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount
of funds made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating
in this program. E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/
guaranteed loan combinations. III. Eligibility Information The eligibility
requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project (as applicable)
are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized in this Notice.
Failure to [[Page 71691]] meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met. A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable. B. Eligible
Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of the program,
lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125
and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this
program, a project must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable. D. Cost Sharing or
Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum percentages of funding that
REAP can provide. Additional clarification is provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1)
through (3). (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
funding. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan
will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether
the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit
and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate that the grantee
that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of providing the
energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended practice for on
farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers, and farmers is
the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers S612 Level II
audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the Natural Resource
Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or more grants under
this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7 CFR 4280.100,
which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of 50 percent or
more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be considered
eligible for subsequent funding. E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found
in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that
contain other compliance requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1)
through (3), and IV.F of this Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in
violation of applicable Federal statutes will be ineligible. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application Package. Application
materials may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy
Coordinators, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov. B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants
seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant application. (a) Information for the required
content of a grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart B. (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (ii) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total
project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000, must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (iii) Grant applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total project
costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.117. (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy
development assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.190. (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy
to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site. (i) Applicants submitting a grant
application as a hard copy must submit one original to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (ii) Applicants
submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov (Web site) will
find information about submitting an application electronically through the Web
site, and may download a copy of the application package to complete it off
line, upload and submit the completed application, including all necessary
assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After electronically
submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a www.grants.gov
tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that applicants do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through www.grants.gov. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the
intent to make a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR
4280.122 (a) through (h) for the grant agreement to be executed. (2) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan application.
(a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137. (b) All guaranteed loan
applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal [[Page 71692]] award,
borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note guarantee as
outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142. (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant application. (a) Information for
the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (b) All combined guaranteed
loan and grant application applications must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal award, applicants must
meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and certifications,
specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137, as applicable,
for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee. (4) Energy audits
or renewable development assistance grant applications. (a) Grant applications
for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance must provide the
information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be considered a complete application.
(b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make
a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the
grant agreement to be executed. 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) Number and System for Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who have an exception approved by the Federal
awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d), are required to: (a) Be registered in SAM
prior to submitting an application; which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705- 5711 or online at fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
(b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application. (c) Continue to maintain an
active SAM registration with current information at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application under consideration by the Agency.
(d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award. C. Submission
Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance
provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY 2017, may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes,
the next application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered
for funding. If an application window falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal
holiday, the application package is due the next business day. An application
received after these dates will be considered with other applications received
in the next application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural
Development State Office or via www.grants.gov. The deadline for applications to
be received to be considered for funding in Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the
following paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of this section:
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are: (a) For applicants requesting
$20,000 or less that wish to have their application compete for the ``Grants of
$20,000 or less set aside,'' complete applications must be received no later
than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time
on March 31, 2017. (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000
(unrestricted) or funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31,
2017. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received, with periodic competitions. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Applications must be received no
later than 4:30 p.m. local time on January 31, 2017.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Application Application Application window opening window closing dates dates
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and May 3, 2016....... October 31, 2016. Energy
Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to
approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and
November 1, 2016.. March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
($20,000 or less competing for the remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy
Systems and May 3, 2016....... March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous Continuous Energy Efficiency
Improvements application cycle. application Guaranteed Loans. cycle. Energy
Audit and Renewable February 2, 2016.. January 31, 2017. Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ *
Applications received after this date will be considered for the next funding
cycle in the subsequent Federal FY. [[Page 71693]] D. Intergovernmental Review.
REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of
Federal Programs. E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations
apply to applications submitted under this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements projects. (a) Applicants can be awarded only
one renewable energy system project and one energy efficiency improvement grant
in Federal FY 2017. (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is
$2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantees, the minimum
REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount of a guaranteed
loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million. (d) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan and grant combination
applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this Notice contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy
audit grant application and one renewable energy development assistance grant
application for Federal FY 2017 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any
one recipient under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017. (c)
The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the
purposes of this Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity
will not exceed $750,000 for Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvements, energy audit, and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.
F. Other Submission Requirements. (1) Environmental information. For the Agency
to consider an application, the application must include all environmental
review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1970. Any required environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of
funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised to contact the
Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure
adequate review time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate
applicants submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through www.grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act
Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an exception under
2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements to
receive funding. (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that
each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.
However, failure to furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State
Director and Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280
subpart B, the application dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice
identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be received in
order to compete for the funds available. (1) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications. Complete renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications are eligible to
compete in competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121. (a) Complete renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications requesting
$20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five competitions as described
in 7 CFR 4280.121(b). (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements grant applications, regardless of the amount of funding
requested are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal FY-- a State
competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (2)
Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a). (3) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant applications.
Complete combined guaranteed loan and grant applications are eligible to compete
in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (4) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grant applications. Complete energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants applications are eligible to
compete in one national competition per Federal FY as described in 7 CFR
4280.193. B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the
Notice. (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
[[Page 71694]] date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete
application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information
that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete
the application for funding. (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the
States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1,
2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. Approximately 50
percent of these funds will be made available for those complete applications
the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately 50 percent of the
funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All
unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the
National Office. (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or
less, that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National
Office to compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other
States at a national competition. Obligations of these funds will take place
prior to June 30, 2017. (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, received by May 1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds.
Unrestricted grant funds will be allocated to the States. All unused State
allocated unrestricted grant funds will be pooled to the National Office. (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017, which
include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State allocations can
be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant applications from
other States at a final national competition. (2) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received. Those
applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements, are credit
worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete in national competitions
for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded eligible guaranteed
loan-only applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a
final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been
completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after the final
guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize
budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications. (3) Renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding
for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further
competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. (4) Energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grant applications. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants will be scored in accordance with
7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. Applications received by January
31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national competition, based on the
scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192, will compete for funding at a
national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance national competition, the Agency may elect to
transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.
C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017: (1) 7
CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved or
under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met: (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to
individuals as sole proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not
less than 20 percent. In order to receive points, applicants must provide a
statement in their applications to indicate that owners of the project have
veteran status; or (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group,
which are groups whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of their identity as members of a group without regard to
their individual qualities. In order to receive points, the application must
include a statement to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for
applications that further a Presidential initiative, or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority to receive additional points including: (a) Located in
rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year
American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community (village, town, city,
or Census Designated Place) with a median household income of 60 percent or less
of the State's non-metropolitan median household income. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding to
these areas of need; and (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone
areas, which is a Secretary of Agriculture's priority. D. Other Submission
Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may be
submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete [[Page
71695]] applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via www.
grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice. (1) Insufficient
funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of an application:
(a) For State allocated funds: (i) The applicant must be notified that they may
accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.
(ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the grant
request. (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which
this is the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting
grants of over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their
grant application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (ii) For
an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible to
compete in one or more additional competitions after the national competition,
the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or have
their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the applicant agrees to
lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will
notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of
funds or be notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.
(iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. (2) Award
considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. (3)
Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all applicants
will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding determination of the
application. VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. (5) Reporting.
Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and grants, and energy
audit and energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants that
are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in
Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B
and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this Notice. (a) Renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are awarded are required
to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.123. (b)
Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143. (c) Combined guaranteed
loan and grant applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.165(f). (d) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants grant applications that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.196. VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts For further information contact
the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information about
this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6866, [[Page 71696]] Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov VIII. Other Information A. Paperwork
Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this
Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under
OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination
Statement The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal
and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the
form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: October 12, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed
10-17-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 71689 - 71696 [FR DOC #
2016-25163]

LENGTH: 7873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following [[Page
71690]] link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For
information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and
Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Program
Description The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and
helps meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any
time throughout the year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates
that applications have to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided
by the Agricultural Act of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017
for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to
purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency
improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance. The administrative requirements in effect at the time
the application window closes for a competition will be applicable to each type
of funding available under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice: (1) The provisions specified
in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type described in this
Notice. (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply
to renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.
(3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan. (4) The
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196
apply to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II.
Federal Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under 7 U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number.
10.868. C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates
for applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being
published prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for
Federal FY 2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under
this announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will
be announced on the following Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural
-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-systems-energy-efficiency, and are
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. To ensure that small projects
have a fair opportunity to compete for the funding and are consistent with the
priorities set forth in the statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the
Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30, 2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant-funds.
There will be allocations of grant funds to each Rural Development State Office
for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements applications. The
State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds
and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements applications for either grants of
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less. (2) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements loan guarantee funds. Rural Development's
National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed loan funds. (3) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of funds available for combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications are outlined in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2) of this Notice.
(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory
funds and will be maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these
funds will take place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be
moved to the renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in
any of the renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions. D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
1,000 based on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory
funding of $50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount
of funds made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating
in this program. E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/
guaranteed loan combinations. III. Eligibility Information The eligibility
requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project (as applicable)
are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized in this Notice.
Failure to [[Page 71691]] meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met. A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable. B. Eligible
Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of the program,
lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125
and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this
program, a project must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable. D. Cost Sharing or
Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum percentages of funding that
REAP can provide. Additional clarification is provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1)
through (3). (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
funding. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan
will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether
the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit
and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate that the grantee
that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of providing the
energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended practice for on
farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers, and farmers is
the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers S612 Level II
audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the Natural Resource
Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or more grants under
this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7 CFR 4280.100,
which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of 50 percent or
more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be considered
eligible for subsequent funding. E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found
in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that
contain other compliance requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1)
through (3), and IV.F of this Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in
violation of applicable Federal statutes will be ineligible. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application Package. Application
materials may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy
Coordinators, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov. B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants
seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant application. (a) Information for the required
content of a grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart B. (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (ii) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total
project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000, must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (iii) Grant applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total project
costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.117. (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy
development assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.190. (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy
to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site. (i) Applicants submitting a grant
application as a hard copy must submit one original to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (ii) Applicants
submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov (Web site) will
find information about submitting an application electronically through the Web
site, and may download a copy of the application package to complete it off
line, upload and submit the completed application, including all necessary
assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After electronically
submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a www.grants.gov
tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that applicants do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through www.grants.gov. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the
intent to make a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR
4280.122 (a) through (h) for the grant agreement to be executed. (2) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan application.
(a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137. (b) All guaranteed loan
applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal [[Page 71692]] award,
borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note guarantee as
outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142. (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant application. (a) Information for
the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (b) All combined guaranteed
loan and grant application applications must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal award, applicants must
meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and certifications,
specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137, as applicable,
for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee. (4) Energy audits
or renewable development assistance grant applications. (a) Grant applications
for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance must provide the
information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be considered a complete application.
(b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make
a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the
grant agreement to be executed. 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) Number and System for Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who have an exception approved by the Federal
awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d), are required to: (a) Be registered in SAM
prior to submitting an application; which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705- 5711 or online at fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
(b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application. (c) Continue to maintain an
active SAM registration with current information at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application under consideration by the Agency.
(d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award. C. Submission
Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance
provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY 2017, may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes,
the next application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered
for funding. If an application window falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal
holiday, the application package is due the next business day. An application
received after these dates will be considered with other applications received
in the next application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural
Development State Office or via www.grants.gov. The deadline for applications to
be received to be considered for funding in Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the
following paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of this section:
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are: (a) For applicants requesting
$20,000 or less that wish to have their application compete for the ``Grants of
$20,000 or less set aside,'' complete applications must be received no later
than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time
on March 31, 2017. (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000
(unrestricted) or funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31,
2017. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received, with periodic competitions. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Applications must be received no
later than 4:30 p.m. local time on January 31, 2017.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Application Application Application window opening window closing dates dates
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and May 3, 2016....... October 31, 2016. Energy
Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to
approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and
November 1, 2016.. March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
($20,000 or less competing for the remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy
Systems and May 3, 2016....... March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous Continuous Energy Efficiency
Improvements application cycle. application Guaranteed Loans. cycle. Energy
Audit and Renewable February 2, 2016.. January 31, 2017. Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ *
Applications received after this date will be considered for the next funding
cycle in the subsequent Federal FY. [[Page 71693]] D. Intergovernmental Review.
REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of
Federal Programs. E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations
apply to applications submitted under this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements projects. (a) Applicants can be awarded only
one renewable energy system project and one energy efficiency improvement grant
in Federal FY 2017. (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is
$2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantees, the minimum
REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount of a guaranteed
loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million. (d) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan and grant combination
applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this Notice contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy
audit grant application and one renewable energy development assistance grant
application for Federal FY 2017 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any
one recipient under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017. (c)
The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the
purposes of this Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity
will not exceed $750,000 for Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvements, energy audit, and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.
F. Other Submission Requirements. (1) Environmental information. For the Agency
to consider an application, the application must include all environmental
review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1970. Any required environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of
funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised to contact the
Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure
adequate review time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate
applicants submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through www.grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act
Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an exception under
2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements to
receive funding. (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that
each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.
However, failure to furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State
Director and Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280
subpart B, the application dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice
identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be received in
order to compete for the funds available. (1) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications. Complete renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications are eligible to
compete in competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121. (a) Complete renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications requesting
$20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five competitions as described
in 7 CFR 4280.121(b). (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements grant applications, regardless of the amount of funding
requested are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal FY-- a State
competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (2)
Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a). (3) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant applications.
Complete combined guaranteed loan and grant applications are eligible to compete
in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (4) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grant applications. Complete energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants applications are eligible to
compete in one national competition per Federal FY as described in 7 CFR
4280.193. B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the
Notice. (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
[[Page 71694]] date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete
application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information
that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete
the application for funding. (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the
States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1,
2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. Approximately 50
percent of these funds will be made available for those complete applications
the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately 50 percent of the
funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All
unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the
National Office. (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or
less, that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National
Office to compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other
States at a national competition. Obligations of these funds will take place
prior to June 30, 2017. (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, received by May 1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds.
Unrestricted grant funds will be allocated to the States. All unused State
allocated unrestricted grant funds will be pooled to the National Office. (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017, which
include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State allocations can
be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant applications from
other States at a final national competition. (2) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received. Those
applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements, are credit
worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete in national competitions
for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded eligible guaranteed
loan-only applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a
final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been
completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after the final
guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize
budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications. (3) Renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding
for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further
competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. (4) Energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grant applications. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants will be scored in accordance with
7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. Applications received by January
31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national competition, based on the
scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192, will compete for funding at a
national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance national competition, the Agency may elect to
transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.
C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017: (1) 7
CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved or
under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met: (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to
individuals as sole proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not
less than 20 percent. In order to receive points, applicants must provide a
statement in their applications to indicate that owners of the project have
veteran status; or (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group,
which are groups whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of their identity as members of a group without regard to
their individual qualities. In order to receive points, the application must
include a statement to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for
applications that further a Presidential initiative, or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority to receive additional points including: (a) Located in
rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year
American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community (village, town, city,
or Census Designated Place) with a median household income of 60 percent or less
of the State's non-metropolitan median household income. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding to
these areas of need; and (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone
areas, which is a Secretary of Agriculture's priority. D. Other Submission
Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may be
submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete [[Page
71695]] applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via www.
grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice. (1) Insufficient
funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of an application:
(a) For State allocated funds: (i) The applicant must be notified that they may
accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.
(ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the grant
request. (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which
this is the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting
grants of over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their
grant application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (ii) For
an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible to
compete in one or more additional competitions after the national competition,
the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or have
their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the applicant agrees to
lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will
notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of
funds or be notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.
(iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. (2) Award
considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. (3)
Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all applicants
will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding determination of the
application. VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. (5) Reporting.
Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and grants, and energy
audit and energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants that
are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in
Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B
and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this Notice. (a) Renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are awarded are required
to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.123. (b)
Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143. (c) Combined guaranteed
loan and grant applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.165(f). (d) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants grant applications that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.196. VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts For further information contact
the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information about
this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6866, [[Page 71696]] Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov VIII. Other Information A. Paperwork
Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this
Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under
OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination
Statement The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal
and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the
form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: October 12, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed
10-17-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Tourism hotspots

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 145 words


TOURIST businesses in Kirklees could benefit from grants being made available
through regional development agency Yorkshire Forward.

People trying to start, grow or improve a tourism business in rural parts of the
region could be eligible for grants which are being rolled out as part of the
Rural Development Programme for England.

The move follows research commissioned by Yorkshire Forward which identified the
need to improve the quality of accommodation offering in some parts of rural
Yorkshire.

Grants from pounds 25,000 and equivalent to 50% of total project costs are
available for accommodation meeting the criteria.

Serviced accommodation is the key priority - including rural pubs wishing to
develop new high quality bedrooms or upgrade existing accommodation.

Businesses can check to see if their location fits the criteria at
www.yorkshire-forward.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 9, 2006 Thursday

Bush budget would cut some small-business programs

BYLINE: Kevan Goff-Parker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 978  words


President George W. Bush's $2.77 trillion budget plan includes the elimination
of or cuts to dozens of small-business initiatives and programs that benefit
Oklahomans, according to a report recently released by the U.S. House Small
Business Committee's Democratic staff.</p>

"The Impact of the 2007 Budget on Small Business" report found that 75 percent
of the nation's small-business programs will be cut or eliminated in the
proposed 2007 budget. Vikki Dearing, director of business solutions for the
Oklahoma Department of Commerce, said she's concerned by many of the proposed
cuts and the potential elimination of program related to small businesses.</p>

"Many of these cuts are going to affect our partners that help us do economic
development, especially in rural Oklahoma," Deering said. "Small businesses are
the bread and butter of rural Oklahoma. We would hate to see the loss of any
programs or funding that might affect the ability of rural Oklahoma to
prosper."</p>

She said the Oklahoma Department of Commerce also manages Community Development
Block Grants, which have also been slated for cuts.</p>

"We did know those were going to be cut, and we've been talking about what we
can do to reduce the impact," Deering said. "Oklahoma is made up of small
businesses, and they have the greatest potential for creating new jobs in our
state. Studies show that more than 80 percent of new jobs created are created by
existing companies, and usually they are small companies.</p>

"Some of these proposed cuts could have a significant impact," Deering said. "I
believe our rural partners need to be aware and prepare for possible cuts that
are on the horizon. We know that work force is the key issue in economic
development in Oklahoma, and anytime we see cuts to post-secondary education,
we're concerned."</p>

The report found that nearly 40 of the small business programs in this year's
request were cut by more than 80 percent, with nearly a half of the 100 small-
business programs slated for termination.</p>

Lu Eyerman, deputy press secretary for Gov. Brad Henry, said the governor had
not yet had an opportunity to review the president's budget proposal for
2007.</p>

"But he would be opposed to any cuts that would adversely affect small business
," Eyerman said. </p>

State Rep. John Auffet, D- Stillwell and vice-chair of the Oklahoma House of
Representatives' Business and Economic Development Committee, said the impact of
the proposed cuts and eliminations would negatively affect the state.</p>

"Many of those programs benefit rural Oklahoma," Auffet said. "If the people we
send up there (to Washington, D.C.) support this, they are not representing us
in our own best interest." </p>

State Rep. Ray Young, R-Yukon, chairman of the Oklahoma House of
Representatives' Business and Economic Development Committee, declined to
comment on the report because he had not reviewed it.</p>

Oklahoma's Small Business Development Center has 15 offices and locations and
serves more than 7,500 Oklahomans annually. Grady Pennington, state director of
Oklahoma Small Business Development Center, said the programs slated for cuts
and eliminations serve as "very valuable tools" that the centers use when they
work with clients.</p>

"The 7(a) Loan Program is something we've relied on for a long time, and it's
the premier Small Business Administration loan that provides funding for start
ups," Pennington said.</p>

"It's going to make our work a lot harder in identifying resources, and it will
be more difficult for services to be provided for these people," he said.</p>

Pennington said Small Business Development Center funds will also be cut
nationwide by about $700,000. </p>

"Our program returns more money to the economy than it costs," Pennington said.
"For every dollar we spend on this program, there is $4 returned in federal and
state tax revenue."</p>

He said an independent study of the state's Small Business Development Centers'
clients revealed that 92.8 percent of respondents said the centers' counseling
was beneficial.P></p>

The following is a list of a handful of small-business programs that would be
eliminated or would go unfunded under President Bush's budget request.</p>

* 7(a) Loan Program (received no funding), but brought in $145,398,000 through
854 loans to Oklahoma businesses in FY '05.</p>

* Oklahoma businesses currently have one active Advanced Technology Program
(ATP) award totaling $492,699 for the research and development of innovative
technologies.</p>

* The Economic Development Initiative (EDI) provided Oklahoma with $708,913 in
grants in FY '05 to enhance small-business loan guarantees and support local
community development initiatives. </p>

* Farm Services Agency (FSA) provided small farmers in Oklahoma with $165.2
million in FY '05 to administer programs that preserve and promote American
agriculture.</p>

* Microloan brought in $359,577 through 32 loans and $824,599 in technical
assistance to Oklahoma businesses in FY '05. </p>

* Migrant and Seasonal Farm Worker Program employment and entrepreneurship
initiatives brought in $1.3 million in FY '05 for Oklahoma farmers. </p>

* The PRIME program brought in $122,061 to Oklahoma small businesses in FY
'05.</p>

* Rural Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) brought in $1.6 million in FY '05 to
assist in the development of small rural businesses in Oklahoma. </p>

* The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) provided businesses and
organizations in Oklahoma with $300,000 in technical assistance grants in FY '05
for rural micro-enterprise development. </p>

* In FY 05, Section 108 Community Development Loan Guarantees provided Oklahoma
businesses with $5 million in funding to finance a wide range of community and
economic development activities. </p>

Information Provided by Allyson L. Ivins, press assistant, Office of U.S.
Congresswoman Nydia M. Velazquez (NY-12)</p>

</p>

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

CLA urges government to speed up rural grants

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 94 words


The Country Land and Business Association (CLA) has welcomed the Government's
decision to increase grant funding from 50% to 100% for projects under the Rural
Development Programme for England.

But, it says that if the move is going to help rural businesses survive during
recession, the process of administering grant funding must be speeded up.

CLA East Midlands director Helen Woolley said: "If this is going to work, it has
to be done quickly. Our concern remains that in too many cases, applications for
grants under rural development programmes can take months."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2009 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Rural Business-Cooperative Service
DC-2014-0105

LENGTH: 2525  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0105
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Thursday, October 2, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted from current career/career-conditional Rural
Development (RD) employees with competitive status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Cooperative Services Program, Rural
Development-Business and Cooperative Programs.  The primary purpose of the
position is to perform analyses on a variety of grant programs, i.e.,
Value-Added Producer, Rural Cooperative Development Grant and to develop
information and establish criteria to measure program accomplishments.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a citizen or US National.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.
    A one-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides staff expertise for the various grant programs including analysis and
advice on industry developments.
    Implements contracts, policies/procedures for matters related to grant
processing, grant services, recipient reporting requirements and internal
management information systems.
    Participates in the training of Business and Cooperative Programs personnel
and provides advice and assistance to State offices regarding procedural or
operational changes.
    Prepares Federal Register Notices, Federal Regulations, Staff Instructions,
bulletins, policies and procedures for use by recipients and Business and
Cooperative Programs staff.
    Generates management information reports and provides specialized assistance
concerning recipient financial data and grant statistics.
    Compiles and maintains a computerized statistical database of information
regarding the grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restriction and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in Grade:  Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade (e.g., one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration to the GS-13 grade level).

For GS-13 level: Applicants must meet one year specialized experience equivalent
to the GS-12 level: OR its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
writing Government regulations such as Business Cooperative Programs, Federal
Register and Office of Management and Budget requirements for publishing
documents; experience applying program policies, grant processing procedures,
and Business and Cooperative Programs regulations as they relate to
administrative operations and management objectives; experience conducting
thorough analyses and reviews of grant documents, program data, and financial
statistics and experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There
is no education substitution for this grade level.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=ee462395-771c
-493d-baf3-a3a400b4eeec

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

£20m Fund Launched To Help Rural Businesses

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: A; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 424 words


A£20M fund to help rural businesses increase profits and reduce their impact on
the environment has been launched by agriculture minister Jim Paice.

Farmers, foresters and horticulturalists can apply for grants of up to £25,000
to invest in green projects and new machinery so their businesses can grow in an
environmentally friendly way.

The Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme will fund new profit-boosting green
schemes that  save energy and reduce carbon emissions, reduce dependence on
artificial fertilizers through better use of manures, improve soil quality,
improve animal health and welfare, save and recycle water, and promote woodland
management by processing timber more efficiently.

Agriculture minister Jim Paice said: "Growing our economy goes hand in hand with
protecting and improving our environment.

"We want rural businesses to thrive and this new fund will help farmers,
foresters and horticulturists to boost their profits and use greener and more
efficient ways of working." The Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme is part
of Defra's Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE).

Funds will be allocated between now and December 2013. Grants will cover a
maximum of half of the total cost of projects in upland  areas and, at most, 40%
of the total cost of projects in non-upland  areas.

The Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) aims to improve
competitiveness in the agriculture and forestry sectors, safeguard and enhance
the rural environment, foster competitive and sustainable rural businesses and
thriving rural communities.

Under the Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme, all farmers, foresters,
contractors and horticulturalists in England are invited to apply for grants of
between £2,500 and £25,000. Applicants will be assessed on their ability to meet
one or more of six objectives.

Some grants are available to enable farmers to improve soil quality and reduce
their use of artificial fertilisers through better use of farm slurries and
manures. Others will help businesses to reduce or recover energy    saving money
and reducing carbon dioxide emissions.

Farmers, foresters and horticulturalists can apply for funding that will help
them to save, recycle and reuse rainwater, or to improve the health and welfare
of farm animals.

Money will also be invested in new mechanical equipment to process timber more
efficiently   giving land owners a financial incentive to manage woodland and
improve biodiversity.

Growing our economy goes hand in hand with protecting and improving our
environment

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Gainsborough Standard

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Lincolnshire: Grants to support rural businesses

LENGTH: 262  words


Businesses in Lincolnshire's rural villages can apply for up to £10,000 to
enhance key services for local residents.

Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant aims to improve access to local
services in Lincolnshire's small towns and villages.

The grant can support the development of business or community projects which
maintain or enhance rural life by providing essential services, and reducing the
need to travel.

Examples include the introduction of new services to a village shop such as
increased fresh produce or home delivery, accommodating the post office within
the local pub or supporting local produce counters within an existing vital
service.

Coun Richard Davies, executive councillor for Highways and Transportation at
Lincolnshire County Council, said: "We recognise the value of essential rural
services to local people and understand that they are often a focal point for
the community; particularly important in serving the needs of disadvantaged,
vulnerable and elderly people."

"The Rural Gain Grant aims to support essential rural services and reduce the
need to travel."

Funding of up to £10,000 is available to organisations based in a Lincolnshire
village or small town whose population is less than 5,000 people.

The grant requires 50 per cent match-funding by the business.

Since March 2010, Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant has supported
26 projects, awarding £122,000 to rural communities.

To find out if your business is eligible for the Rural Gain Grant, contact Clare
Hogben on 01522 782 070 or visit www.lincolnshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGAS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Retford Trader & Guardian

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Lincolnshire: Grants to support rural businesses

LENGTH: 262  words


Businesses in Lincolnshire's rural villages can apply for up to £10,000 to
enhance key services for local residents.

Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant aims to improve access to local
services in Lincolnshire's small towns and villages.

The grant can support the development of business or community projects which
maintain or enhance rural life by providing essential services, and reducing the
need to travel.

Examples include the introduction of new services to a village shop such as
increased fresh produce or home delivery, accommodating the post office within
the local pub or supporting local produce counters within an existing vital
service.

Coun Richard Davies, executive councillor for Highways and Transportation at
Lincolnshire County Council, said: "We recognise the value of essential rural
services to local people and understand that they are often a focal point for
the community; particularly important in serving the needs of disadvantaged,
vulnerable and elderly people."

"The Rural Gain Grant aims to support essential rural services and reduce the
need to travel."

Funding of up to £10,000 is available to organisations based in a Lincolnshire
village or small town whose population is less than 5,000 people.

The grant requires 50 per cent match-funding by the business.

Since March 2010, Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant has supported
26 projects, awarding £122,000 to rural communities.

To find out if your business is eligible for the Rural Gain Grant, contact Clare
Hogben on 01522 782 070 or visit www.lincolnshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRTG


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Worksop Guardian

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Lincolnshire: Grants to support rural businesses

LENGTH: 262  words


Businesses in Lincolnshire's rural villages can apply for up to £10,000 to
enhance key services for local residents.

Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant aims to improve access to local
services in Lincolnshire's small towns and villages.

The grant can support the development of business or community projects which
maintain or enhance rural life by providing essential services, and reducing the
need to travel.

Examples include the introduction of new services to a village shop such as
increased fresh produce or home delivery, accommodating the post office within
the local pub or supporting local produce counters within an existing vital
service.

Coun Richard Davies, executive councillor for Highways and Transportation at
Lincolnshire County Council, said: "We recognise the value of essential rural
services to local people and understand that they are often a focal point for
the community; particularly important in serving the needs of disadvantaged,
vulnerable and elderly people."

"The Rural Gain Grant aims to support essential rural services and reduce the
need to travel."

Funding of up to £10,000 is available to organisations based in a Lincolnshire
village or small town whose population is less than 5,000 people.

The grant requires 50 per cent match-funding by the business.

Since March 2010, Lincolnshire County Council's Rural Gain Grant has supported
26 projects, awarding £122,000 to rural communities.

To find out if your business is eligible for the Rural Gain Grant, contact Clare
Hogben on 01522 782 070 or visit www.lincolnshire.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWGU


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Uttoxeter Advertiser

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Grants on offer to support rural firms

SECTION: NEWS:EMPLOYMENT; Pg. 14-15

LENGTH: 181  words


FIRMS in Uttoxeter  are being urged to apply for grants  to boost businesses and
create jobs in rural Staffordshire.

Staffordshire County Council has £2.25 million  available over the next five
years to develop projects which will deliver jobs and growth in Staffordshire's
rural economy.

Gill Heath, the council's cabinet support member for rural issues, said:
"Staffordshire is a predominantly rural county and it is home to a wide
diversity of business and commerce.

"This grant scheme is aimed at supporting a wide range of businesses or new
entrepreneurs who can see an opportunity to expand and create jobs and need a
little help in getting their idea off the ground."

The Staffordshire Leader programme is part of the Rural Development Programme
for England and is funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development.

Delivered by the  council, grants can be for sums from £2,500 to £40,000 and can
fund up to 40 per cent of the total project costs, although more can be awarded
in exceptional circumstances.

More information is available by visiting staffsleader.  org.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HELPING HAND ... Gill Heath, of the county council.
HELPING HAND ... Gill Heath, of Staffordshire County Council.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2010 Thursday

Funding set for Potlatch Industrial Park study: Grant allows LEDC to start study
that could be finished in the fall

BYLINE: Christina Lords, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


Jun. 17--When D8, Inc. owner Barry Ramsay was looking for an industrial building
site for his aluminium molding business, already-industrial zoned land owned by
the Potlatch Corp. in Potlatch seemed like a perfect fit. The problem was, at
the time, Potlatch wasn't ready to sell.

Ramsay went through a process to rezone the land D8 now sits on to industrial --
an issue that could be circumvented in the future if plans for a Potlatch
Industrial Park are able to move forward, he said.

"I recognize, for this region to be sustainable, it would be nice if there were
opportunities for small manufacturers available to be able to (start) a
business," he said.

Aimee Shipman, the executive director of the Latah Economic Development Council,
said steps are being taken to make the Potlatch Industrial Park more of a
reality after the city of Potlatch was awarded a $10,000 Gem Grant to partially
fund a planning study for the project.

The LEDC has informal confirmation it has secured a supplementary $15,000 USDA
rural business enterprise grant for the project, Shipman said.

The industrial park in Potlatch is part of a more comprehensive plan for land
use in Latah County, she said. After the planning study has been conducted, the
LEDC will be able to continue to apply for grant money to begin development,
Shipman said.

She said the planning study could be completed as early as this fall.

The industrial park would be on five to 10 acres of land owned by the Potlatch
Corp. The land could have mixed uses, including some residential uses and
possibly a golf course.

Shipman and Ramsay agreed the industrial park may lead to manufactory job
creation in the county, which could lead other industries to Potlatch, like
accounting and engineering.

Ramsay said people in rural communities can benefit from manufacturing jobs
because they generally pay more and can be sustainable for the long term.

As energy and fuel costs continue to rise, residents of Latah County will
continue to seek jobs closer to home instead of driving the 20 to 30 miles to
Moscow or Pullman, he said.

"Most manufacturing jobs pay higher than service industries or agriculture," he
said. "The nice thing about it is, from a business standpoint, most
manufacturing brings in revenue outside the state, region and country."

Shipman said the LEDC also received a $25,000 grant from the Rural Economic
Development Professional Program to extend her position from part-time to
full-time employment.

She said the Potlatch Industrial Park is just one project that will benefit from
her ability to work full time with the LEDC. "We really need to go establish
strong relationships with those towns in the county ... and that's largely a
matter of time," she said. "It will better enable me and the council to fulfill
our obligations to rural Latah County by having my position out to full time."

Because of the downturn in the economy, the grant application process has been
more and more competitive, Shipman said. This is the first time LEDC has applied
for grant money of this kind. If renewed, that grant money for Shipman's salary
and benefits will be available for three years.

Christina Lords can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext. 301, or by e-mail to
clords@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100617-1MW-Funding-set-for-Potlatch-Industrial-Park-study-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2010 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Business Briefs: PRC enhances service guidelines in Doña Ana County

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 652 words


SANTA FE &GT;&GT; Public Regulation Commissioners today approved a voluntary
agreement between New Mexico Gas Company and Zia Natural Gas to help make
customer service boundaries clearer in and around Doca Ana County while also
eliminating uncertainties for emergency personnel who interact with underground
gas facilities in the area.

The decision follows several hearings in which concerns about the nearly
abutting proximity of each company's facilities underscored issues of confusion
over service territories and facility management during emergencies such as gas
leaks.

According to PRC staff, gas lines in some areas of the county are less than 60
feet apart, often making it unclear who should serve certain customers and which
company should be called if a line needs to be shut. The new agreement
establishes exclusive service areas for NMGC and Zia near communities like
Hatch, Vado and Mesilla. The companies will delineate boundaries using natural
features like arroyos and newly-designated perimeters set in equal distances
from each other's existing facilities.

"These new parameters will serve the public interest in several ways by
eliminating economic waste, decreasing delays in customer service and averting
the potential for litigation over territorial disputes," said Commissioner Ben
Hall, whose District 5 covers most of the areas affected.

Visit the NMPRC online at www.nmprc.state.nm.us .Udall announces funding to help
Deming winery expand

DEMING &GT;&GT; U.S. Senator Tom Udall, a member of the Senate Appropriations
Subcommittee on Agriculture and Rural Development, recently visited the St.
Clair Winery in Deming and announced a $50,000 grant to help expand production
of its Hatch chile-infused wines and support New Mexico's agricultural industry,
which is creating jobs in Luna County. The funding will help the winery to boost
revenues and grow its customer base for its chile-infusted line of wines by
reimbursing production, marketing and distribution costs.

"St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile-infused wines are a distinctly New Mexican
product, and I'm proud to support funding to help the winery grow its business
and expand the market for this unique specialty product," Udall said.
"Agriculture is an important part of New Mexico and Luna County's economy, and I
was pleased to learn more about the jobs that are being created. As a member of
the Senate Appropriations Committee, I'll continue to fight for resources to
support producers and business like New Mexico Wineries Inc. as they create new
products, break into new markets, and generate tourism that strengthens the
economies of rural New Mexico communities."

The funding was awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products. The grants often support business development for niche and specialty
products in rural communities. Funding for the grant program is authorized
through the Farm Bill, which Udall helped to pass earlier this year. On the
Senate Appropriations Committee, Udall has been a long-time supporter of USDA
Rural Development programs, and he continues to push for investments that will
promote development in rural communities in New Mexico and across the nation.

St. Clair Winery's Hatch chile line of wines is produced using premium chile
from Hatch Valley, creating a uniquely New Mexican product. The family-owned
winery's vineyard is located 47 miles west of Deming, and the company operates
St. Clair Winery and Bistro locations across New Mexico. Its products are sold
at locations throughout the Southwest, and the grant funding will help to
further expand its production and distribution.

Pro's Ranch Market New Name Revealed Los Altos Ranch Market to be Unveiled on
September 3, 2014 in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas

Sun-News reports

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Shenandoah gets USDA funding for new police car

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Aug. 08--SHENANDOAH -- The Shenandoah Police Department is in need of a new
vehicle, and thanks to a federal grant, a new four-wheel drive cruiser will be
purchased in the near future.

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, and Thomas P. Williams, U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development Pennsylvania state director, visited Shenandoah on
Tuesday morning to announce that $18,240 has been awarded to the borough through
a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative Grant to purchase a 2013 Ford
police cruiser to replace an inoperative vehicle.

The check presentation was made outside the police station, with Holden,
Williams, Mayor Andrew Szczyglak, borough council President Leo Pietkiewicz,
Borough Manager Joseph L. Palubinsky and Edward Kleha, legislative aide for
state Rep. Neal P. Goodman, D-123, attending the presentation.

In his first duty as mayor, Szczyglak accepted the grant and was appreciative of
the financial help for a new police vehicle.

"I want to thank Tim Holden for all the years of support to Shenandoah and the
surrounding communities," Szczyglak said. "He has always been a big help with
emergency services in the borough and the county. This is a great gift to us and
helps us out a great deal."

Williams said it was great to represent Holden and the Obama Administration in
helping small communities throughout rural Pennsylvania.

"We're going to buy them (Shenandoah) a new one, or at least 55 percent of a new
one," Williams said.

"Tom and I have been working together for a long time, during his time at USDA
and before when he worked for Congressman (Paul E.) Kanjorski," Holden said.
"When people think of the Department of Agriculture, their first inkling is
production agriculture, but what Tom and his team have done across Pennsylvania
and USDA around the country with rural development in helping communities like
Shenandoah and just about every community in Schuylkill County over the years
can be seen by residents."

Holden said he hopes to see the investment in rural development continue, adding
it has been a struggle in Washington with the leadership in the U.S. House of
Representatives in trying to reauthorize the farm bill.

Kleha said, "On behalf of Representative Goodman, it has always been a pleasure
to partner with the congressman and USDA as a team player. We appreciate all the
help we've received in the legislative district over the years."

Palubinsky said the grant funds will be received just when the borough needs
them.

"The timing couldn't be any better with this grant," Palubinsky said. "Our other
four-wheel drive vehicle is out of commission and needs major repairs. The fact
that we are receiving a grant for 55 percent of the cost of a new vehicle in
this day of declining revenue capacity, it's very helpful to the borough and
residents."

Palubinsky also expressed his thanks to Holden for his assistance to the borough
over the years and the sorrow of Holden leaving office this year. After serving
20 years in the U.S. House of Representatives, Holden was defeated in this
year's primary election by Matt Cartwright.

"On a sad note, I can't say enough about Congressman Holden. The residents of
the 17th District are losing a friend, not only because of grant money, but
basically a real friend," Palubinsky said. "He always had an open door policy.
You're not going to have that anymore, and we're going to miss that. I wish him
all the luck."

Through its Rural Development mission area, USDA administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development serves as the
lead federal agency for rural development needs by offering financial and
technical assistance to individuals, businesses and community. The programs
include funding for day care centers, fire trucks and other community facility
projects; the purchase, construction or repair of homes; loans and guarantees to
rural business to save or create jobs and renewable energy; and loans and grants
for water and sewer utility projects.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120808-RN-Shenandoah-gets-USDA-funding-for-new-police-car-0808-20120808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          February 6, 2002, Wednesday

ENTERPRISE: GOOD NEWS THAT NEEDS TO FILTER THROUGH TO THE TOWN

BYLINE: Diane Rayner

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 478 words


There is a saying that good news travels fast, but apparently this is not always
so. Here is good news for urban businesses that does not appear to be reaching
them.

The grants through the Rural Recovery Fund to businesses that have been severely
affected by the foot and mouth disease crisis is now extended to businesses
right across the West Midlands - there is no longer a postcode embargo.

This could be very good news indeed for businesses previously left without help
simply because their business address is in an urban area even though their main
source of customers are in rural areas or their trading outlets are at rural
events.

One such business is Gemini Motif. Stan Hughes and his wife run this company
from their base in Wednesbury, but all their sales are gained through dog shows
and agricultural shows. Last year was a disaster for them. It could well have
been the end of their enterprise, as grants were not available because they work
out of an urban area.

Stan took the problem to the Federation of Small Businesses who lobbied the
Minister for Rural Affairs, Alun Michael, and talked to all the relevant
agencies about the problems facing urban as well as rural businesses. Meanwhile,
Stan contacted his MP, Adrian Bailey, wrote to newspapers, spoke on local radio
and appeared on television. In fact he worked as hard to save his business as he
had to build it. That hard work has paid off and may well be the reason for the
change ofheart that now gives all small businesses similarly affected a chance
to regain their position after last year's disaster.

The grant is specifically for small businesses employing less than 50 people and
is only for people who can prove that their turnover between March and August
last year fell by fifty per cent on the previous year.

The grant is only available to certain sectors such as manufacturers of arts and
crafts, riding and trekking establishments, infrastructure support for rural
events, leather products and woollen products, agricultural engineers and
ancillary trades.

There are other criteria that apply. The grant cannot, of course, be greater
than the loss incurred but matching funding is not required and the grants can
be between pounds 5,000 and pounds 15,000. The money is given against a recovery
plan. The plans must include such activities as marketing, promotion, capital
investment, product development, market research and skills training. Business
Links are administering this new fund of pounds 2 million. They are able to give
free help and advice in writing recovery plans. If your business was affected by
the restrictions of foot and mouth disease it is well worth calling the Business
Link helpline number 0800 975 5355 for the full information pack. Diane Rayner
is area policy development officer for the Federation of Small Businesses .

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          February 6, 2002, Wednesday

ENTERPRISE: GOOD NEWS THAT NEEDS TO FILTER THROUGH TO THE TOWN

BYLINE: Diane Rayner

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 478 words


There is a saying that good news travels fast, but apparently this is not always
so. Here is good news for urban businesses that does not appear to be reaching
them.

The grants through the Rural Recovery Fund to businesses that have been severely
affected by the foot and mouth disease crisis is now extended to businesses
right across the West Midlands - there is no longer a postcode embargo.

This could be very good news indeed for businesses previously left without help
simply because their business address is in an urban area even though their main
source of customers are in rural areas or their trading outlets are at rural
events.

One such business is Gemini Motif. Stan Hughes and his wife run this company
from their base in Wednesbury, but all their sales are gained through dog shows
and agricultural shows. Last year was a disaster for them. It could well have
been the end of their enterprise, as grants were not available because they work
out of an urban area.

Stan took the problem to the Federation of Small Businesses who lobbied the
Minister for Rural Affairs, Alun Michael, and talked to all the relevant
agencies about the problems facing urban as well as rural businesses. Meanwhile,
Stan contacted his MP, Adrian Bailey, wrote to newspapers, spoke on local radio
and appeared on television. In fact he worked as hard to save his business as he
had to build it. That hard work has paid off and may well be the reason for the
change ofheart that now gives all small businesses similarly affected a chance
to regain their position after last year's disaster.

The grant is specifically for small businesses employing less than 50 people and
is only for people who can prove that their turnover between March and August
last year fell by fifty per cent on the previous year.

The grant is only available to certain sectors such as manufacturers of arts and
crafts, riding and trekking establishments, infrastructure support for rural
events, leather products and woollen products, agricultural engineers and
ancillary trades.

There are other criteria that apply. The grant cannot, of course, be greater
than the loss incurred but matching funding is not required and the grants can
be between pounds 5,000 and pounds 15,000. The money is given against a recovery
plan. The plans must include such activities as marketing, promotion, capital
investment, product development, market research and skills training. Business
Links are administering this new fund of pounds 2 million. They are able to give
free help and advice in writing recovery plans. If your business was affected by
the restrictions of foot and mouth disease it is well worth calling the Business
Link helpline number 0800 975 5355 for the full information pack. Diane Rayner
is area policy development officer for the Federation of Small Businesses .

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

USDA Awards $55,000 to Great Lakes Ag-Tech Business Incubator

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) signed a grant agreement to
provide the Great Lakes Ag-Tech Business Incubator (GLATBI) with $55,000 to
enhance their marketing, outreach, and training efforts. The GLATBI, located in
Ottawa County, serves entrepreneurs, farmers, and existing businesses who have
an ag-technology idea or invention they would like to develop, either into a
business or to license to other entities. Ottawa County ranks third in the State
in total farm receipts, making it a perfect location to discover and develop
ag-technologies.





 The USDA funding, which comes from the Rural Business Development Grant
program, will help the GLATBI promote their services and better connect with
entities seeking assistance. The Rural Business Development Grant program is a
competitive program designed to support targeted technical assistance and other
related activities leading to the development or expansion of small and emerging
private businesses in rural areas that have fewer than 50 employees and less
than $1 million in gross revenues.



 Development of ag-technology ideas and inventions can create new businesses and
jobs that will spark the economy in Ottawa County and around the State. GLATBI
provides hands-on, customized business services to help clients address their
specific challenges as they launch their ag-technology into the marketplace. The
GLATBI's eight sponsor organizations also use their expertise to assist staff in
addressing each client's unique business hurdles.



 Once an entity meets with the GLATBI about their ag-technology, staff uses
their industry resources to assess the viability of the entity's concept or
invention before signing an agreement to provide services to the entity. This
ensures a high level of success for both the GLATBI and their clients.



 There is no upfront fee for clients to receive services. When the client begins
generating revenue, then a portion of that revenue, called a business services
fee, is paid to the GLATBI. The amount of the business services fee depends upon
whether the client builds a business, licenses their product, or if the client
is an existing business.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kidderminster Shuttle

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

£20m fund launched to help rural businesses

SECTION: BUSINESS (KS NEWS BUSINESS)

LENGTH: 406 words


A NEW £20 million fund to help rural businesses increase profits and reduce
their impact on the environment has been launched by Agriculture Minister Jim
Paice.

Farmers, foresters and horticulturalists can apply for grants of up to £25,000
to invest in green projects and new machinery so their businesses can grow in an
environmentally-friendly way.

The Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme will fund new profit-boosting green
schemes that:

save energy and reduce carbon emissions

reduce dependence on artificial fertilisers through better use of manures

improve soil quality

improve animal health and welfare

save and recycle water

promote woodland management by processing timber more efficiently

Mr Paice said: "Growing our economy goes hand in hand with protecting and
improving our environment. We want rural businesses to thrive and this new fund
will help farmers, foresters and horticulturists to boost their profits and use
greener and more efficient ways of working."

The Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme is part of Defra's Rural Development
Programme for England (RDPE).

Funds will be allocated between now and December, 2013. Grants will cover a
maximum of half of the total cost of projects in uplands areas and at most 40
per cent of the total cost of projects in non-uplands areas.

The Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) aims to improve
competitiveness in the agriculture and forestry sectors, safeguard and enhance
the rural environment, foster competitive and sustainable rural businesses and
thriving rural communities.

Under the Farming and Forestry Improvement Scheme, all farmers, foresters,
contractors and horticulturalists in England are invited to apply for grants of
between £2,500 and £25,000. Applicants will be assessed on their ability to meet
one or more of six objectives.

Some grants are available to enable farmers to improve soil quality and reduce
their use of artificial fertilisers through better use of farm slurries and
manures. Others will help businesses to reduce or recover energy, saving money
and reducing carbon dioxide emissions.

Farmers, foresters and horticulturalists can apply for funding that will help
them to save, recycle and reuse rainwater or to improve the health and welfare
of farm animals.

Money will also be invested in new mechanical equipment to process timber more
efficiently, giving land owners a financial incentive to manage woodland and
improve biodiversity.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

FARMING: Whhich grants will be available to you

LENGTH: 889  words


Grant schemes under the reformed Common Agricultural Policy will open in England
next year.

Consultant Mark Wheeler of Brown & Co looks at what is likely to be available.

The emphasis of the CAP is shifting increasingly to new decoupled payments
promoting rural development and management of the countryside.

The scope of these so-called Pillar Two  payments is increasingly wide, so
farmers and landowners need to understand how to make the most of the new Rural
Development Programme for England (RDPE), which will begin on January 1.

Under the new schemes, grants will again be awarded on a competitive basis, so
those making the strongest cases will have the best chance of securing funds.

Successful bids will involve projects which give the best value in terms of
improving productivity, efficiency and/or the health of the rural economy.

Funding could be considered for a variety of projects, whether capital items or
for revenue support. It will be important to identify which scheme is most
relevant to ensure efforts are focussed in the right area, so rural business
needs to think laterally about what items and projects might be eligible and
whether they can meet the criteria.

As well as the benefits these grants offer to farming enterprises, there will be
opportunities to secure help to develop energy, employment, tourism and other
diversification projects.

Over the next seven years the programme will invest £3.5bn in a range of schemes
that will support three key areas:

* Managing the environment

* Increasing farming and forestry productivity

* Growing the rural economy

Anyone with a project already in mind should prepare in good time and be ready
to see how it fits the criteria.

The first area - managing the environment - will be covered by a single scheme,
the New Environmental Land Management Scheme (NELMS), which will account for
£3.1bn of the RDP funding.

This will replace the existing Environmental Stewardship and English Woodland
Grant schemes and is likely to have broad appeal. Successful eligible agreements
are likely to start from January 1, 2016 and will normally run for a duration of
five  years.

That leaves a considerable pot of money for the second and third areas. Final
guidance on exactly what these entail and how to apply for funds is expected in
the next few months.

We do know that there will be about £140m of funds to increase farming and
forestry productivity over the life of the programme. This area has several
aims, including:

* Innovation through the use of new technology and research

* Improving skills and training

* Greater co-operation between farmers and others, including agri-food
businesses, in the land-based sectors

* Supporting projects that benefit the environment

The new scheme, the Farming and Forestry Production Scheme (FFPS), will replace
the very practical and valuable Farm and Forestry Improvement Scheme (FFIS).

It is likely to be similar to FFIS, consisting of a number of rounds run
throughout the programme, offering small-scale grants targeted at quite specific
areas that can generally deliver very strong returns to the business employing
them.

Recent FFIS priorities have included nutrient management (eg GPS technology to
assist with nutrient application) as well as energy saving and water resource
management. Under FFIS, 40 per cent grants in lowland areas and 50 per cent  in
upland areas to a maximum of £35,000 were available. The scheme's popularity is
demonstrated by the fact that bids worth £26m were put in for the £10m available
in the final round.

Brown & Co had a success rate of more than 98 per cent in the recent rounds,
with precision farming guidance systems accounting for the bulk of our FFIS
applications and bringing significant environmental as well as economic
benefits. On average grants of close to £8,000 were awarded, which was a
significant help to many projects.

Grants will also be administered through regional Local Enterprise Partnerships
(LEPs) and Local Action Groups (LAGs).

LEPs will target £177m at rural priorities such as:

* Development of business knowledge and skills

* Supporting small or micro-businesses

* Investing in broadband and renewable energy

* Promoting rural tourism

LAGS are formed under an EU programme known as LEADER which encourages local
representatives to become involved in shaping the development priorities of
local areas.

These groups will have £138m to spend over the programme, which will be
available to farmers, foresters, other local businesses and rural communities.
This money represent a real opportunity - themes will be much wider than the
FFPS and not necessarily exclusively agricultural.

LEP and LAGs are currently bidding for funds and shaping what projects they will
support, so it is well worth farmers getting involved or at least making an
effort to meet some of those on the boards and in local groups to either shape
the priorities or at least understand them.

In addition to the schemes falling under the RDPE umbrella there are significant
other grants available.

In the East there are around 20 avenues that could be pursued. It is a potential
maze. If you have a project in mind, take advice and focus your time on the
right scheme.

Schemes are usually competitive, so I recommend getting your dominoes lined up
now so you are better prepared as application windows open.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Nowata Star (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2013

Grant applications for rural broadband now being accepted

BYLINE: Nowata Star staff

LENGTH: 604  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that applications are being
accepted for grants to finance broadband deployment in remote, rural areas.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"The Obama Administration believes that reliable infrastructure is critical to
rural economic opportunity. Broadband service expands educational, medical and
health services for rural residents," Vilsack said.

"Expanded broadband service also is important because it supports employment
opportunities and makes income growth possible in rural areas."

Through this notice, USDA Rural Development may award up to $21 million in
grants through the Community Connect Grant program. It serves rural communities
where broadband service is not available, but where it can make a tremendous
difference in the quality of life for citizens.

For example, last year USDA provided a grant to the isolated Alaska Native
Community of Saint Paul.

Located in Alaska's Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea, the town of about 500 is
installing a modern system, and the Native-owned operating firm estimates that
in the next five years Internet access will result in saving or creating an
estimated additional 44 full time jobs including the five existing jobs on the
island.

The project will also support 23 construction and clerical jobs.

Complementing today's funding opportunity, USDA recently announced new rules to
better target Community Connect broadband grants to areas where they are needed
the most.

Since its inception, the Community Connect program has funded 229 projects with
USDA investments of $122 million. In 2012, USDA assistance led to improved
broadband service nationwide for nearly 65,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions such as libraries, schools and first responders.

For more information, see page 34979 of the June 11, 2013 Federal Register. The
deadline for submitting applications is July 11.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way strengtheningAmerica's economy, small towns and rural
communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use
of Federal resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the
government is a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working
families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budgetreductions.

These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Nowata Star


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Requests for Applications: Rural Business Development Grant Program to Provide
Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems

LENGTH: 4588  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This notice is to invite applications for grants to provide technical
assistance for rural transportation (RT) systems under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program for fiscal year (FY) 2016. Funding shall be
made available to qualified national organizations to provide technical
assistance for RT systems and for RT systems to Federally Recognized Native
American Tribes' (FRNAT) (collectively "Programs") from funds appropriated for
the RBDG program. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) will administer
these awards for FY 2016 under the RBDG program and the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act. This notice is subject to the terms and funds for the
Programs made available in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114-113) (FY 2016 appropriation).





 All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.

 Dates



 Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development State
Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016. Applications
received at a USDA Rural Development State Office after this date will not be
considered for FY 2016 funding.

 Addresses



 Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

 For Further Information Contact



 Cindy Mason and Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Specialty Programs Division, Business
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC
20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400. For further information on this notice, please
contact the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State in which the
applicant's headquarters is located.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Business Development Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.351.



 Dates: Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development
State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016, to be
eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Applications received after this date will
not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

 A. Program Description



 1. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of this program is to improve the
economic conditions of rural areas.



 2. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under section 310B(c) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Regulations are
contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. The program is administered on behalf
of RBS at the State level by the USDA Rural Development State Offices.
Assistance provided to rural areas under the program may include the provision
of on-site technical assistance to local and regional governments, public
transit agencies, and related non-profit and for-profit organizations in rural
areas; the development of training materials; and the provision of necessary
training assistance to local officials and agencies in rural areas.



 Awards under the RBDG passenger transportation program will be made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart E, and in accordance with section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Information required to be in the
application package includes Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal
Assistance;" RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information;" Scope of Work
Narrative; Income Statement; Balance Sheet or Audit for previous 3 years;
AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension Certification;" AD-1048, "Certification Regarding
Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion;" AD-1049,
"Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;" SF LLL, "Disclosure
of Lobbying Activities;" RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" RD 400-4,
"Assurance Agreement;" and a letter stating Board authorization to obtain
assistance. For the FRNAT grant, which must benefit FRNATs, at least 75 percent
of the benefits of the project must be received by members of FRNATs. The
project that scores the greatest number of points based on the RBDG selection
criteria and the discretionary points will be selected for each grant.



 Applicants must be qualified national non-profit organizations with experience
in providing technical assistance and training to rural communities nationwide
for the purpose of improving passenger transportation service or facilities. To
be considered "national," RBS requires a qualified organization to provide
evidence that it operates RT assistance programming Nation-wide. There is not a
requirement to use the grant funds in a multi-State area. Grants will be made to
qualified national non-profit organizations for the provision of technical
assistance and training to rural communities for the purpose of improving
passenger transportation services or facilities.



 3. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.403.



 4. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this notice based on the provisions in 7 CFR 4280,
subpart E and as indicated in this notice. However, the Agency advises all
interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this notice.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Award: Grants.



 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016.



 Approximate Number of Awards: To be determined based on qualified applications
received. Historically two awards have been made.



 Expected Amounts of Individual Awards and Amount of Funding per Federal Award:
$500,000 and $250,000 depending on the number of applicants.



 Maximum Awards: A total of $500,000 will be awarded for technical assistance
for rural transportation systems and a maximum of $250,000 for FRNATs.



 Award Date: Prior to September 30, 2016.



 Performance Period: October 1, 2016, through September 30, 2017.



 Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None.

 C. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligible Applicants



 To be considered eligible, an entity must be a qualified national non-profit
organization serving rural areas as evidenced in its organizational documents
and demonstrated experience, per 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Grants will be
competitively awarded to qualified national non-profit organizations.



 The Agency requires the following information to make an eligibility
determination that an applicant is a national non-profit organization. These
applications must include, but are not limited to, the following:



 (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, "Application for Federal Assistance
(For Non-construction);"



 (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the applicant's
legal existence and authority to perform the activities under the grant;



 (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed Project,
details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes for
completion of each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and the
estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation;



 (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following items:



 (i) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of the proposed
Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible purposes;



 (ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e., town, county,
etc., to be affected by the Project;



 (iii) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development
activities with other Economic Development activities within the Project area;



 (iv) Businesses to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished;



 (v) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years;



 (vi) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in
providing the proposed Project assistance, including experience of key staff
members and persons who will be providing the proposed Project activities and
managing the Project;



 (vii) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that
will receive the service;



 (viii) A brief description of how the work will be performed, including whether
organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be used; and



 (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a grant
award determination.



 (e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the applicant's
financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the applicant is less than
3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include all balance sheet(s),
income statement(s) and cash flow statement(s). A current audited report is
required if available;



 (f) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be
used in conjunction with the funds from RBDG;



 (g) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant costs,
indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the Project.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching.



 Matching funds are not required.

 3. Other



 Applications will only be accepted from qualified national non-profit
organizations to provide technical assistance for RT. There are no
"responsiveness," or "threshold" eligibility criteria for these grants. There is
no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit under this
announcement. In addition to the forms listed under program description, Form
AD-3030 "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status
for Corporate Applicants," must be completed in the affirmative.



 None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter
into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with,
make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that
has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all
judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding
agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has
considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government.



 None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter
into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with,
make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that
was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the
preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction,
unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government.

 4. Completeness Eligibility



 Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should
contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES
section of this notice to obtain copies of the application package.



 Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted to a
Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and local
time deadline.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 An application must contain all of the required elements. Each application
received in a USDA Rural Development State Office will be reviewed to determine
if it is consistent with the eligible purposes contained in section 310B(c) of
the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Each
selection priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.435 must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a USDA Rural Development State Office.



 All projects to receive technical assistance through these passenger
transportation grant funds are to be identified when the applications are
submitted to the USDA Rural Development State Office. Multiple project
applications must identify each individual project, indicate the amount of
funding requested for each individual project, and address the criteria as
stated above for each individual project.



 For multiple-project applications, the average of the individual project scores
will be the score for that application.



 The applicant documentation and forms needed for a complete application are
located in the Program Description section of this notice, and 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart E.



 (a) There are no specific formats, specific limitations on number of pages,
font size and type face, margins, paper size, number of copies, and the sequence
or assembly requirements.



 (b) The component pieces of this application should contain original signatures
on the original application.



 (c) Since these grants are for technical assistance for transportation
purposes, no additional information requirements other than those described in
this notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E are required.

 3. Unique Entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



 All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at
(866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Each applicant (unless the
applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency that is excepted from the
requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an exception approved by the
Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is required to: (i) Be registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM) before submitting its application; (ii)
provide a valid unique entity identifier in its application; and (iii) continue
to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The Federal awarding agency may not
make a Federal award to an applicant until the applicant has complied with all
applicable unique entity identifier and SAM requirements and, if an applicant
has not fully complied with the requirements by the time the Federal awarding
agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding agency may
determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and use
that determination as a basis for making a Federal award to another applicant.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 (a) Application Deadline Date: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March
31, 2016.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the local deadline date and time as indicated above. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the
next business day.



 (b) The deadline date means that the completed application package must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office by the deadline date
established above. All application documents identified in this notice are
required.



 (c) If completed applications are not received by the deadline established
above, the application will neither be reviewed nor considered under any
circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the application receipt date based
on the actual date postmarked.



 (e) This notice is for RT technical assistance grants only and therefore,
intergovernmental reviews are not required.



 (f) These grants are for RT technical assistance grants only, no construction
or equipment purchases are permitted. If the grantee has a previously approved
indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the applicant may elect to
charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR 200.414(f) or request
a determination of its Indirect Cost Rate. Due to the time required to evaluate
Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all funds will be awarded by the time the
Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No foreign travel is permitted. Pre-Federal
award costs will only be permitted with prior written approval by the Agency.



 (g) Applicants must submit applications in hard copy format as previously
indicated in the Application and Submission Information section of this notice.
If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its application, the addresses for these
deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES section of this notice.



 (h) If you require alternative means of communication for program information
(e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET
Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 E. Application Review Information

 1. Criteria



 All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on
the selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR 4280.435 and will select
grantees subject to the grantees' satisfactory submission of the additional
items required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions. Failure to address any one of the criteria by the
application deadline will result in the application being determined ineligible,
and the application will not be considered for funding. The amount of an RT
grant may be adjusted, at RBS's discretion, to enable RBS to award RT grants to
the applications with the highest priority scores in each category.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR 4280.416 and 4280.417.
If determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National
Office. Funding of projects is subject to the applicant's satisfactory
submission of the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural
Development Letter of Conditions. The Agency reserves the right to award
additional discretionary points under 7 CFR 4280.435(k).



 In awarding discretionary points, the Agency scoring criteria regularly assigns
points to applications that direct loans or grants to projects based in or
serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the USDA Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the grant award will be approved. Unsuccessful
applications will receive notification by mail.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR 4280.408, 4280.410, and 4280.439. Awards are subject to USDA
grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV which incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR part 200.



 All successful applicants will be notified by letter, which will include a
letter of conditions, and a letter of intent to meet the conditions. This letter
is not an authorization to begin performance. If the applicant wishes to
consider beginning performance prior to the grant being officially closed, all
pre-award costs must be approved in writing and in advance by the Agency. The
grant will be considered officially awarded when all conditions in the letter of
conditions have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for the project.



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1 to 400.18, and
successor regulations to these parts.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements
can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-
grants.



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



 (a) Form RD 4280-2 "Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance
Agreement."



 (b) Letter of Conditions.



 (c) Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."



 (d) Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."



 (e) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."



 (f) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."



 (g) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (
Grants)."



 (h) Form AD-3030, "Representation Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate
applicants who receive an award under this notice.



 (i) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."



 (j) SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.



 (k) use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement."

 3. Reporting



 (a) A Financial Status Report and a project performance activity report will be
required of all grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds are expended
and yearly thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal year. The
grantee will cause the project to be completed within the total sums available
to it in accordance with the Scope of Work and any necessary modifications
thereof prepared by the grantee and approved by the Agency. A final project
performance report will be required with the final Financial Status Report. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report. The final report must
provide complete information regarding the jobs created and supported as a
result of the grant if applicable. Grantees must continuously monitor
performance to ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time
periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are being
achieved. Grantees must submit an original of each report to the Agency no later
than 30 days after the end of the quarter. The project performance reports must
include, but not be limited to, the following:



 (1) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for
that period;



 (2) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have affected or
will affect attainment of overall project objectives, prevent meeting time
schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular project work
elements during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation;



 (3) Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period;



 (4) Any special reporting requirements, such as jobs supported and created,
businesses assisted, or economic development which results in improvements in
median household incomes, and any other specific requirements, should be placed
in the reporting section in the Letter of Conditions; and



 (5) Within 90 days after the conclusion of the project, the grantee will
provide a final project evaluation report. The last quarterly payment will be
withheld until the final report is received and approved by the Agency. Even
though the grantee may request reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3
months of reimbursements will be withheld until a final project, project
performance, and financial status report are received and approved by the
Agency.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s)



 For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this notice.

 H. Other Information

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden has been
cleared by OMB.

 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act



 All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866)705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be
registered in SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register
for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and
executive total compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170.

 I. Nondiscrimination



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment, or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email.

 Dated: March 9, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06036 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                              July 13, 2009 Monday

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 152 words


GRANTS totalling £3.7m are up for grabs across Greater Manchester and Cheshire
as regeneration chiefs look to boost the region's rural economy.

The Northwest Regional Development Agency has begun accepting expressions of
interest from rural businesses, farms and community ventures.

It is making the money available under a national programme to boost rural
development. Around £3.1m is being allocated to Cheshire and grants of between
£5,000 and £100,000 will be available for those in the county.

Greater Manchester will receive £600,000 and grants of up to £20,000 will be
available for those who qualify.

The scheme is aimed at projects which add value to farm and forestry products,
are involved in research and development of new products and processes, help
farms to diversify into non-agricultural activities and create or develop small,
rural enterprises.

Go to www.nwda.co.uk/rdpedirect for more information.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 28, 1994 Tuesday

LENGTH: 362 words


Rural business grant awarded The North Dakota Agricultural Products Utilization
Commission has received a $250,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grnt from the Rural
Development Administration. The grant will enable APUC to provide technical
assistance to small and emerging private business enterprises. The money will
also be used to develop new and expanded uses for agricultural products. Farmers
Home Administration administers the Rural Development Administration.

ED & F install e-mail system The North Dakota Department of Economic Development
and Finance has installed an electronic mail system. Dan Maggio, research
analyst for the department, designed and installed the e-mail system. It is
meant to improve communication between ED & F and economic development
professionals throughout the state, he said. The department's electronic mail
system has a toll-free telephone numberand 27 offices across the state are
currently on-line, Maggio said. For information, contact Maggio at 221-5314.

New ad price rule aidconsumers New advertising price rules are meant to help
North Dakotans make better, more informed, merchandise comparisons. These rules,
which clearly identify misleading and deceptive price comparisn advertising, are
the result of cooperation between the North Dakota Retailers Asociation and the
attorney general's Consumer Protection Division. The credibility of all
advertising suffers when businesses make unbelievable claims about discounts and
price reductions they offer to consumers, said Lori Laschkewitsch, an
investigator for the attorney general. Consumers don't know what to believe, so
they become suspicious of all advertising claims, she said. The new rules, which
went nto effect on Feb. 1, cover all of a seller's price comparison statements,
no matter how they are made. They apply to newspaper, television and radio
advertisements as well as in-store signs, price tags, point-of-sale displays,
flyers, catalogs and verbal statements made by salespeople. Merchandise that has
been preticketed by the manufacturer is also covered. The rules also cover the
use of terms like free,sale and wholesale. For information, call 1-800-472-2600.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Boost for Uis SMEs

BYLINE: Adam Hartman

LENGTH: 246 words


Three small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Uis each received a N$50 000 boost
from the Ministry of Local Government and Housing and Rural Development's Rural
SME Micro Finance Programme last week.

The businesses included a craft, weaving and carpentry business - all which have
already been operational for some time; an important condition that gave them
success over 360 other applicants. In fact, only four SMEs from the entire
Daures Constituency, Erongo's largest rural constituency, which includes
Omatjete, Uis, Spitzkoppe and Okombahe, were successful in their applications
for the grant that is offered annually.

"You are very fortunate to have succeeded, and this is key for you now to open
more opportunities in Uis," said Daures Constituency Councillor, Ernst Katjiku,
who officiated the grants. "All we need from you is hard work and commitment."

The aim of the rural SME micro finance programme is to assist in the alleviation
of poverty through business stimulus and job creation. Only those applicants
that are from the constituency and have shown an initiative to start the
business, and whose businesses have been on the go for some time were
shortlisted.

The boosting of SME's is considered a cornerstone in economic development as
about 30 per cent of the GDP comes from small and medium enterprises, according
to Katjiku.

"I hope that the best crafts, clothes, carpets and furniture will come from Uis
and will be exported to the rest of Namibia," said Katjiku.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Berwick Advertiser

                           February 6, 2013 Wednesday

Small rural businesses to get £1million fund boost

LENGTH: 287  words


A GRANT fund of £1 million has been set up to help small businesses in the rural
North East to grow.

Launched by the North East Rural Growth Network, the fund aims to allow new
businesses or existing business with less than ten employees to develop new and
much-needed jobs.

The money is being provided from the Department for Environmnet, Food and Rural
Affairs' (Defra) Rural Development Programme, in addition to £3.2million already
invested by Defra in the North East Rural Growth Network.

The Small Business Growth Fund is seeking to support over 30 micro enterprises
during 2013.

Fiona Cruickshank, North East local enterprise partnership board member, said:
"The scheme will help equip high quality rural micro-enterprises across the area
with the resources to grow and compete. We would encourage applications from any
such businesses with ambitious plans for their future"

Rural enterprises will be able to apply for grant funding of between £10,000 and
£150,000.

The fund is looking for projects that will boost turnover, create new jobs and
open up access to new markets. The project must be a new activity or step change
for the business applying. Projects that create jobs and bring wider economic
benefits to the local community will be prioritised for grant and guidance and
support will also be provided.

The LEP was due to meet last week to discuss rural economic growth as part of
the North East Economic Review, led by Lord Adonis. Speakers included Lord Don
Curry, chairman of NFU Mutual Insurance, Northumberland farmer and member of the
North East economic review team.

To learn more about the Small Business Growth Fund visit
http://www.northumberland.gov.uk/ or phone Alison Hesselberth on 01670 623924.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBBA


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Oxford Times

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

Cash grants for rural businesses

SECTION: DIARY (IBDIARY)

LENGTH: 284 words


Farmers, growers, foresters, or food businesses in south Oxfordshire are being
urged to pitch for a share in a £1.89m grant pot.

A special event has been organised on Friday for individuals and organisations
who belive they may qualify for funding through the Southern Oxfordshire LEADER
programme.

The LEADER programme is a European-funded initiative to support rural projects
and involves South Oxfordshire and Vale of White Horse District Councils.

Projects such as farm diversification, tourism initiatives, rural community
projects, renewable energy initiatives, and support for rural businesses, which
meet the aims of the programme and are within the Southern Oxfordshire boundary,
could receive a grant of up to £50,000.

Grants already made include £23,220 to support the energy efficiency aspects of
a new milking parlour that is being developed at Step Farm, Faringdon and
£30,000 towards the development of a community-run village shop in Brightwell
cum Sotwell.

Harry Barton, chairman of the Southern Oxfordshire Local Action Group, said:
"The programme offers a real opportunity for farmers to secure major funding
support.

"It could help them to diversify their businesses, to develop new products or
processes or use new technologies, or to modernise their operations for example
by introducing energy efficiency measures."

The event runs on Friday from 11.30am-1pm at South Oxfordshire District Council
headquarters, Crowmarsh Gifford OX10 8ED.

Representatives of businesses or organisations who believe they may qualify for
funding can find out more at www.southernoxfordshireleader.org.uk More details
are available from Kate Forrest on 01491 823176 or e-mail
info@southernoxfordshireleader.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday

FEDERAL GRANTS AVAILABLE TO AID NEW MEXICO FARMERS AND RANCHERS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 230 words


The U.S. Development of Agriculture's Rural Development business program has
about $18 million nationwide in competitive grant funds to help farmers and
ranchers.

"This grant program is designed to help independent farmers and ranchers develop
strategies to create marketing opportunities and provide working capital for
value-added activities," acting State Director Eric Vigil said in a prepared
statement. "A grant could assist a farmer or rancher in creating a feasibility
study for developing renewable energy on their farm or ranch; or, a grant could
cover working capital expenses for a chile farmer to turn chile into salsa."

USDA Rural Development business program is interested in projects that highlight
innovative uses of agricultural products.

Applicant can apply for one grant each year -- either for planning or working
capital. The maximum amount for planning is $100,000 and the maximum amount for
working capital is $300,000.

Ten percent of available funds are reserved for beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmers or ranchers.

Applications must be submitted no later than July 6 to be eligible for fiscal
2009 grant funding, or June 22 if applying for reserved funds. They will be
accepted by the Rural Development State Office located at 6200 Jefferson, NE,
Albuquerque, NM 87109.

For information call (505) 761-4953 or visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs.

--Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           February 7, 2006, Tuesday
                                 First Edition

RURAL LIVING: Shake-up of grants to diversify

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 200 words


The Government has launched a massive shake-up of how farmers and rural
businesses are able to apply for billions of pounds worth of grants.

Schemes which have helped thousands of farmers diversify will be scrapped in
June.

In the past six years the schemes have given farmers and rural businesses pounds
1.6 billion of Government and EU funding to help pave the way for
diversification schemes. They include the Rural Enterprise Scheme, the
Processing and Marketing Grant, the Vocational Training Scheme and the Energy
Crops Producer Group Scheme.

The move is part of a change in Defra's rural strategy, which will see millions
of pounds worth of funding transferred from the Rural Development Service into
the hands of the regional development agency Advantage West Midlands.

It is hoped this will help target the needs of rural people and businesses in
each region.

The changes do not affect the current Environmental Stewardship, covering
agri-environment funding.

In the West Midlands the Rural Development Service is offering one-to-one
consultations to discuss how a particular project can be taken forward.

For more information con tact either Rob Rawles on 01905 362944 or Sarah Davies
on 01905 763355.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

3 farms to get Rural Development grants;
Two planning wind turbines

BYLINE: Bradford L. Miner, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 448 words


The Carter and Stevens dairy farm on Old Stage Road, the Red Apple Farm in
Phillipston and Foppema Farm in Northbridge were among 15 farms and small
businesses in Massachusetts to receive Rural Development grants yesterday.

Nearly $1 million was distributed statewide through the federal Renewable Energy
and Energy Efficiency Improvements program.

David H. Tuttle, state director of the Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program, presented facsimile checks to Albert Rose of Red Apple
Farm, for $19,985, and to Molly Stevens DuBois of Carter and Stevens, for
$28,828. Foppema Farm was awarded a grant of $19,819.

The money for both Red Apple Farm and the Carter and Stevens farm will be used
toward the construction of wind turbines.

The 15-kilowatt wind turbine at the Carter and Stevens farm is expected to
produce 27,200 kilowatts per hour, or about 45 percent of the farm's energy
needs.

The Red Apple Farm will also be putting up a 15-kilowatt wind turbine, Mr. Rose
said.

Mr. Tuttle said the program that distributed $35 million in grants and loans to
639 individuals, farms and small businesses in 43 states is highly competitive.

He explained that the program provides financial help to farms for renewable
energy projects using wind, geothermal, hydrogen, solar and biomass sources.

Both Mr. Rose and Mrs. DuBois said the topography of the orchard and the dairy
farm made wind the first choice as a source of renewable energy.

And both agreed they need all the help they can get in light of rising energy
costs, feed and fertilizer costs for the dairy farm, and the threat of crop loss
from a summer of hail-bearing thunderstorms for the orchard.

Mr. Rose said the wind turbine at the orchard, which will be available for the
public to view, will produce 19,100 kilowatts an hour, or about 80 percent of
the Red Apple Farm's energy needs.

"We are very excited to be chosen to be a part of the Renewable Energy program.
This will be great for the community as well, because others will be able to see
firsthand the benefits of wind energy," Mrs. DuBois said.

"Beyond that, it will be nice for us to be just a little more energy
independent," she said, citing the energy costs associated with the farm's
milking operation.

Yesterday's presentation took place at the Carter and Stevens Farmstand on West
Street, where the farm sells its own milk and ice cream among other products.

Mr. Rose said he's optimistic the installation of the wind turbine will begin in
October at Red Apple Farm, and that it will be "up and running" sometime in
November.

He said the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative assisted in the determination
that a wind turbine would be of value at Red Apple Farm.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
T&G Staff/VILAYPHET KRUOCH
Massachusetts renewable energy and energy efficiency loans and grants

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Arts inspire Ada;
East Central University fuels cultural district to spur growth

BYLINE: Steve Lackmeyer, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: ADA


ADA - East Central University has always been an anchor to this town's Main
Street, but it took a visit to Tahlequah before local leaders realized the
distance that separated the school from downtown merchants.

"They are a part of our district, and they are a great asset for us," said Cari
Gray, director of Ada's Main Street Program. "But the buildings on the block
haven't been conducive for college businesses. It needed street construction,
new sidewalks, new lights - it needed to be more pedestrian friendly and
inviting."

Gray said a visit last year to Tahlequah and Northeastern State University
inspired her to approach East Central University about forging closer ties in
Ada. In Tahlequah, the university years ago entered into partnerships with local
merchants resulting renovation of run-down buildings between the school and the
heart of downtown into restaurants and shops that are frequented by students and
faculty.

As a result of those talks a year ago, construction of the Hallie Brown Ford
Fine Arts Center is being looked upon as the cornerstone of an arts district the
school hopes to encourage along Main Street. Future expansions include a large
conference center.

Two recent grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture are being heralded as
a critical next step.

How it works

The first grant, $219,880, was announced earlier this summer that will pay for
planning of the arts district. A $404,444 Rural Business Enterprise Grant,
meanwhile, will pay for the East Main Enterprise Center and Incubator on land
adjacent to the university.

"This center will provide a one-stop location to support the development of
small and emerging arts-related private businesses throughout rural Oklahoma,"
said Richard Rafes, ECU president. "This is exciting because this will be the
place where start-up businesses and businesses that want to expand can find the
help they need."

The center will provide space for two business incubators for arts-related
businesses; training facilities that will accommodate approximately 25 people
for conferences, training sessions, meetings and video conferencing; and new,
expanded office space and easier access to ECU's Small Business Development
Center.

It also will have office space for the East Main economic development
coordinator who will be hired with funding from the Rural Business Opportunity
Grant paying for the arts district master planning. Rafes said the activities
related just to the East Main Enterprise Center and Incubator are expected to
help create 50 jobs within three years after it is completed.

Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. will manage the incubator and advise its
occupants. REI manages 15 incubator spaces in 10 rural Oklahoma communities and
has been credited with creating or retaining 403 jobs.

Incubator to spark growth

Steve Turner, interim vice president for administration and finance, is the
grant's project director.

Turner said the expected increase in jobs and businesses is linked to businesses
aided by the incubator, training activities at the center and the relocation of
arts-related businesses to the cultural arts district.

Seven organizations involved in economic development are working together to
coordinate planning of the district - ECU, the Tri-County Indian Nations
Enterprise Community, Ada Area Chamber of Commerce, Ada Jobs Foundation, Ada
Main Street, Chickasaw Nation and the city of Ada.

ECU officials say that as the cultural arts district becomes established,
arts-related events will increase, more residents and visitors will be attracted
to the area and indirectly related businesses will be created, all bringing
additional income and jobs to the city.

"Arts events translate into jobs and income," said Rick Wetherill, who will
oversee the arts district master planning as director of ECU's Center of
Continuing Education and Community Services. "Ada can expect to achieve more
than $23 per person, per event, from event-related expenditures. In short,
25,000 visitor days tied to event-related expenditures will generate a direct
infusion of approximately $600,999 into the local economy."

Steve Lackmeyer:  475-3230,  SLackmeyer@Oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: The Hallie Brown Ford Fine Arts Center is being looked upon as
the cornerstone of an arts district East Central University hopes to encourage
along Main Street in Ada. Future expansions include a large conference center. -
RENDERING PROVIDED
Construction continues on the Hallie Brown Ford Fine Arts Center on Main Street
in Ada. - PHOTO PROVIDED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                      March 27, 2002, Wednesday Edition 1

Branch out with confidence

BYLINE: By The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 50

LENGTH: 558 words







The Rural Enterprise Scheme is a relatively new idea administered regionally by
Defra with a 152,000,000 budget over the lifetime of the England Rural
Development Programme.

It provides grant aid assistance for projects that help to develop more
sustainable diversified and enterprising rural economies and communities.

This is a very wide ranging scheme, but primarily helps farmers "to adapt to
changing markets and develop new business opportunities".

Linked to the Rural Development Scheme is the Rural Grant and Free Planning
Advice Scheme which provides professional planning help for farmers,
incorporating an initial planning feasibility study.

Such advice is being supported by a grant from Defra.

These schemes are quite rightly being promoted by planners and land agents and
other professionals, and overall they give substantial support to
diversification projects.

Any government support which helps farm diversification projects is, of course,
most welcome.

However, as a lawyer, I have some concern that once the proposed project is
identified, the feasibility study prepared and the application for grant aid
made, one should check whether the proposed scheme of diversification fits in
with the present business arrangement.

For instance, does the proposed business comply with the terms of any tenancy
agreement under which the land is held? Is the consent of a landlord required
for the project? Is the specific consent of the landlord required for the
improvement for tenant right claims?

In the case of proposed development on owner/occupied land where, for instance,
the owner also rents an additional substantial holding, does the proposal
prevent members of the family being eligible for succession?

It may well be that at the present moment, the farmer with an owned holding and
a rented holding can secure succession rights for members of his family to the
tenanted holding.

An increased holding, as a result of the project, on the owned farm may well
deny a son succession in the future to the tenanted holding.

All these matters can be put right with a little care and forethought.

Another area that sometimes causes problems is where a partnership develops a
project; for instance, a holiday chalet complex or a livery stable or a caravan
site on land owned by one of them. Who then owns the added value to the land
occasioned by the project?

If the partnership ends as the result of any one of the Triple Ds [Death Divorce
or Dispute] so loved by lawyers this could well cause some confusion.

The effect of the investment could even run into the world of wills.

If a farmer has left his farming business to his favourite son and on his death
that farming business is predominantly a series of fishing lakes and holiday
complex, will his son succeed?

Nothing that I have said should deter anyone from considering applications for
ERDP grants or applications for the free planning advice, or indeed from
considering any form of diversification.

However, as with any substantial investment made in a farm or farming business,
one should do a little lateral thinking and ensure that the proposals fit in
with the overall business framework and the future plan of the owners of the
business and the owners of the land concerned.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

US agency grants 14m dollars to NGOs to restore Zimbabwe's agriculture sector

LENGTH: 388 words


Text of unattributed report entitled "USAid awards grants aimed at rural
farmers" published by privately-owned weekly newspaper The Zimbabwe Independent
website on 7 January

The United States Agency for International Development (USAid) has awarded 14m
dollars in grants to seven non-governmental organizations aimed at restoring
livelihoods to farmers in rural Zimbabwe and kick-starting agricultural
recovery. The grants target more than 52,000 farmers and agri-businesses in
support of a broad range of activities and sectors, with the ultimate goal of
increasing production and raising incomes.

Grant activities include vouchers for agricultural inputs, provision of
extension services to farmers, training in conservation farming, strengthening
agro-dealers and processors, development of local commodity associations,
re-establishment of market linkages, business training, seed retention, creation
of internal savings and lending groups, and small-scale irrigation.

One grant focuses on increasing production, processing, and marketing of meat,
milk, and eggs, whereas other grants focus on staple crops (e.g., maize,
groundnuts, beans, and sweet potato) and cotton.

The projects will benefit farmers in Mashonaland Central, Mashonaland East,
Mashonaland West, Masvingo, Midlands, Matabeleland, and Manicaland.

USAid Mission Director Karen Freeman noted that the United States government is
committed to restoring the agricultural sector in Zimbabwe as an engine of
growth and a source of pride.

"Zimbabwe's economy has always revolved around agriculture. We are proud of the
activities proposed by the Livelihood awardees to help to restore this important
sector to health," she said. "This is an investment from the people of the
United States which demonstrates our strong and continued support for Zimbabwean
farmers and agri-businesses."

The NGOs include Agricultural Cooperative Development International/Volunteers
in Overseas Cooperative Assistance, International Relief and Development, the
Cooperative League of the USA, Africare, Mercy Corps, Care, and Land O'Lakes.
Beneficiaries of the grants will work with local partners and communities to
ensure quick start-up, rapid and sustainable impact, and high levels of local
involvement and participation.

Source: The Zimbabwe Independent website, Harare, in English 7 Jan 10

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 June 11, 2015

Small Grants and Loans (II) - How to Access African Enterprise Challenge Fund
[opinion]

BYLINE: Yinka Kolawole With Agency Report

LENGTH: 847 words


A Challenge Fund, also referred to as enterprise challenge fund, is a
competitive financing facility to disburse donor funding for international
development projects, typically utilizing public sector or private foundation
funds for market-based or incentive driven solutions.

The Africa Enterprise Challenge Fund (AECF) is a $250m multiple window funding
platform capitalized by multilateral and bilateral donors to stimulate private
sector entrepreneurs in Africa. It is meant to help find profitable ways of
improving access to markets and the way markets function for the poor,
particularly in rural areas.

The Fund which was launched in June 2008, awards grants and repayable grants to
private sector companies to support innovative business ideas in agriculture,
agribusiness, renewable energy, adaptation to climate change and access to
information and financial services. It is managed by KPMG. The purpose is to
improve incomes of smallholder farmers and the rural poor in Africa.

It is supported by the governments of Australia, Denmark, Netherlands, Sweden
and the United Kingdom, as well as the International Fund for Agricultural
Development (IFAD), and is hosted by the Alliance for a Green Revolution in
Africa (AGRA).

The Fund supports private sector investments that: Provide solutions that help
small holder farmers develop their businesses and increase their income; Develop
new markets for agricultural products along the value chain and; Increase
financial services to businesses and people in rural areas. It is open to
companies all over the world, as long as the idea is implemented in Africa.

The AECF portfolio is spread across 23 countries with 49 percent in East Africa,
26 percent in Southern Africa, 11 percent Western Africa, 9 percent in the Horn
of Africa and 3 percent in Central Africa.

The AECF proposal application process follows a two-stage process that is common
to all AECF funding windows. The first stage is submission of an initial
application form where the applicants write about their business ideas, and
about their company(s). The ideas should not only be in terms of commercial
viability but also on potential rural development impact. During the first
stage, the applications are assessed solely on the quality of the written
submissions.

An interested business submits their application when invited in the Concept
Note stage. Once the competition for entries closes, the concept notes are
assessed, and if successful in the initial assessment, the applicant is asked to
submit a more comprehensive Business Plan for the project in the business plan
stage.

Being selected is the second stage of the funding process and is a 3-stage
process. During this stage, AECF engages with and visits all of the companies
preparing business plans. The final business plans are presented to the
independent Investment Committee for a decision about which business ideas win
the competition for AECF funding.

Once awarded funding the successful businesses are informed and invited for an
Induction Workshop prior to contract signing. The contracting process is
followed by reporting and disbursement of funds. As part of its mandate, the
AECF monitors and evaluates the project over the 6 year life of the contract.

It is mandatory for grant beneficiaries to self-report semi-annually. The
beneficiaries can, however, chose to report quarterly if they need funds
disbursed. The Fund Manager undertakes monitoring and evaluation visits to the
projects semi-annually with some being visited quarterly. The visits mainly
assess both technical and financial progress.

AECF measures business performance using two key indicators - turnover and
profitability. Turnover, and growth in turnover, are closely correlated with,
and are a predictor of, development impact i.e. businesses with a large and
increasing turnover tend to generate higher development impact. Profitability is
tracked primarily because, if the business/project idea is not profitable, the
development benefits being created will not be sustained after AECF funding
ends.

Private sector companies are invited to compete for AECF funds by submitting
their new and innovative business ideas to a particular AECF competition. These
ideas have to comply with the rules (eligibility and selection criteria) of the
particular competition being applied for.

To be eligible for AECF funding you must enter both the amount of grant
requested and the amount of repayable grant requested, even if one of them is
zero. The total amount applied for cannot be less than $250,000 or more than
$1,500,000. The total is an automatically calculated field on the online form.
The minimum amount the AECF requires your company to invest is usually 50
percent of the total cost of implementing the project.

Your share of the total funding may come as debt (borrowing) or equity (cash
injection), by yourself or by another partner(s). In principle AECF does not
recognize the contribution of existing fixed assets such as land and buildings
or of sunk costs, however important these may be to the success of the project.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          February 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Rural grant cuts upset Idaho lawmakers;
Commerce proposing 40.8 percent reductions

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: BOISE


Plans to cut $2.5 million in rural economic development grants from next year's
state budget riled Idaho lawmakers Tuesday, who said that's just the type of
spending that's needed in the recession.

The Idaho Department of Commerce is proposing a budget for next year that's 40.8
percent less than this year's in state general tax funds, largely because of the
one-time near-elimination of the rural grants. Last year, Idaho gave out $2.7
million in such grants.

"Can you explain ? why it was easier to reduce grants, versus try and absorb
those reductions internally?" Senate Finance Chairman Dean Cameron, R-Rupert,
asked state Commerce Director Don Dietrich.

Dietrich responded, "It was a very difficult decision, to be quite frank."

The cuts in rural grants, he said, are "for a short period of time here, we're
talking hopefully a 12-month period."

During that time, he said, federal grant funds could help out, and demand for
such grants is down anyway in this downturn.

"In essence, we did not feel like we were short-circuiting the folks in our
rural communities. Money is still available, the demand for those monies is
still running at a reduced level, and I anticipate that probably through 2010
that will probably continue to be the case," Dietrich said.

The grant program is part of the "rural initiative" started several years ago by
then-Gov. Dirk Kempthorne. The initiative also has paid for part of the salaries
for 15 economic development professionals in various rural regions to help bring
in jobs. North Idaho has several.

Dietrich said those positions aren't being cut, but Commerce has received
requests for seven more that it can't fund.

Cameron told Dietrich he saw a "chicken and egg" issue.

"We've got to look at ways to turn the economy around," he said.

"Your agency is going to be able to do that. I think it requires not a
diminished effort, but an increased effort in working with those local
communities and working with those small businesses to advance forward."

Said Rep. Frank Henderson, R-Post Falls, "It sounds like a de-emphasis of the
rural programs through your department - I hope that's not true."

Dietrich estimated that the $2.7 million in rural development grants awarded by
the state to seven communities in 2008 created 331 jobs with an average wage of
$13 per hour.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Betsy Z. Russell can be reached toll-free at (866) 336-2854 or
bzrussell@gmail.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday

Simplified Grant Scheme Helps Farmers Branch Out

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: Pg. 78

LENGTH: 770 words


It has double the budget of its predecessor and the people holding the purse
strings promise farmers don't have to jump through so many hoops to get their
hands on the money. Karen Dent finds out how the new Rural Development Programme
for England is bedding in.

FARMS and rural businesses looking for financial help to set up new enterprises
or expand existing diversifications are getting to grips with a new scheme
introduced this year.

Organisers reckon the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE)   funded by
the EU, through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the
Government   will be simpler to access. The programme, which also uses money
from voluntary modulation, runs from 2007 until 2013 and has a £3.9bn budget.

In the North East, the scheme is administered by regional development agency One
NorthEast, which took over responsibility for funding diversification projects
from Defra. It has £7m to invest each year in the region for the life of the
scheme.

"We are very much open for business," said Adrian Sherwood, ONE's RDPE manager.

"It's new and anything new always has its teething problems, but we are
reasonably happy with how it's going."

RDPE replaces the old England Rural Development Programme (ERDP), which had half
the budget and a more complex application process. The new scheme has recruited
special rural business account managers via Business Link who act as the main
contact for applicants.

"I think it could be potentially confusing for any business, which is why we
wanted to have a single point of contact," said Mr Sherwood.

"It's putting the customer first. I'd like to think we have streamlined the
process.

We've got these rural account managers, and they will contact and go out to see
farming and forestry businesses."

Steven Urwin, who runs the 200-acre High House Farm near Matfen in
Northumberland, which has diversified to include the High House Farm Brewery and
a visitor centre, covers parts of Northumberland, Tyne and Wear and County
Durham as a Business Link rural account manager.  "I hope to bring credentials
to the role," he said. "I have a lot of empathy with rural businesses. I know
how tough it is   I've been here and done it.

"There are many different projects from the micro rural enterprise like a
florist through to the full farm diversification."

So far, ONE has received almost 50 applications for the two grant schemes under
the RDPE umbrella. The first offers up to £10,000 per project and the second has
up to £140,000 available for larger schemes.

ONE is aiming to turn around applications for the smaller scheme   such as farm
shops, tourism and recreational diversifications   within 10 days.

"This is very broad-brush. There is a very good chance they will be able to
access RDPE funds," said Mr Sherwood.

"We also have opportunities to fund on the higher grant rate. This is more
targeted and there is more scrutiny."

Farmers applying for the larger pot of money must be able to demonstrate the
wider benefits their scheme will have on the community in the shape of creating
or safeguarding jobs or boosting the area's economy.

"There has been a lot of interest. Ten to 12 of the bigger ones are progressing
and we are expecting them to be approved. The smaller ones are well over double
figures. We are looking to get those turned around relatively quickly," said Mr
Sherwood.

"The larger ones, a lot would depend on the scale of the project and how well
developed it already was. For  larger grants, it would be on a case-by-case
basis."

The scheme has twice as much money to allocate as its predecessor because it
draws down funding from modulation. Around £1.45bn  of the £3.9bn budget is
expected to come from voluntary modulation over the seven years of the scheme.

"Other countries don't have modulation, but those that do, like Eire, are
getting it back for basic animal husbandry like castration. We are concerned it
doesn't get syphoned off," said arable farmer Allan Coxon, the NFU county
chairman for Durham and North Riding.

He is monitoring the new system and is looking for feedback from farmers to take
to his next meeting with ONE in November. But to date, he believes the RDPE
system is superior to the more complex ERDP it replaced.

"What farmers  want is an accessible system that develops the farming business,"
he said.

"Before, you had to get a consultant to help you negotiate the paperwork. This
is more accessible. Farmers must understand it is new and they must make the
effort to access this scheme. We fully support this."

To apply for RDPE money, contact Business Link in the first instance on 0845
600-9006.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                             April 15, 2007 Sunday

Lead a horse to profit with RDA investment

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 870 words


Aproject to restore a rural economy through the equine industry has generated a
500 per cent return on a £278,000 investment.

The Saddle Up programme, set up in South Cheshire with funding from the
Northwest Regional Development Agency (NWDA), has spurred £1.4 million
investment into horse businesses from the public and private sector.

The Crewe-based scheme has been run by Rural Enterprise and rolled out through
Business Link, which has overseen grants and sent advisers into companies.

Since its establishment two years ago, the project has led to the allocation of
£550,000 in grants and advisers to visit more than 450 businesses in the area.

Programme director Nicola Lavin said: "We have provided a proportion of the
costs towards equine projects across the region. This has caused the public and
private sector to make up the difference.

"Our intervention to support the sector has been tremendously well received.

"One of the major achievements has been to draw attention to this sleeping giant
within our economy. There is now a real confidence and buzz in the sector."

NWDA made the money available to boost the rural economy after the Foot and
Mouth epidemic.

At first the focus of the project was to improve the paths and bridleways across
Cheshire at a cost of £200,000.

But when the British Horse Industry Confederation highlighted the potential of
the UK horse industry,  valued by research company The Henley Centre at £3.4
billion each year, Rural Enterprise decided on a more radical programme.

The project has led to the development of riding stables and livery yards, as
well as businesses with high growth potential.

It has also given a £70,000 grant towards the development of a £2 million
equestrian centre at Reaseheath College in Nantwich.

With building work beginning in July, the money will fund a new indoor arena and
stable blocks, which will be open to the public.

Funds have also been allocated to setting up an equine web-site which has been
used to foster a communication network across the community.

The project has now drawn to a close, but organisers are looking for additional
funding from the public and private sector so work can continue.

Ms Lavin added: "The money was used to improve the bridleways but we also
supported our local rural shows and equine businesses.

"We couldn't believe the response to the programme.

"It showed people working in the equine industry were desperate to have a
mechanism where they could come together to share ideas and develop business
opportunities.

"They all realised the worth of the sector. Saddle Up is not about just giving
grants or money away. It's about advice that I know has been appreciated."

Ms Lavin said the next step was to evaluate the economic growth that Saddle Up
has triggered and look to expand the programme across the region.

She added: "Saddle Up has demonstrated how jobs can be created and businesses
safeguarded.

"We need to encourage diversification across rural areas and Saddle Up is a
superb way of providing rural businesses with the advice, support and
communication networks they need to see their business ideas blossom."

Business Link Saddle Up project manager Hilary Centeleghe visited businesses to
advise them on how to boost their profits.

She said: "I had a particular specialism in the equine industry and have many
contacts in the area.

"In many cases, it was simply about helping people draw up a business plan, or a
finance report, or giving them advice on aspects of advertising or marketing.

"Customers of the equine industry spend a fortune whether it's on local farmers
or horse boxes.

"And the economic potential of the industry is huge."

Mother and daughter Diane and Alyssa Snelson, who run Brookhouse Farm Livery
near Congleton, are two people to have been helped by the scheme.

The pair received £11,000 to set up a menage, horse massaging business and
laundry service for horse rugs, saddlescloths, numnahs (under saddle comfort
pads),  fleeces and boots.

The horse massaging service involves putting a massage pad on to the back of the
horses' back and legs to speed up the recovery after an injury.

Other services to be offered at their livery, which opened at  Brookhouse Lane,
Timbersbrook, last September, include a five-mile bridle track, stables, horse
walking and a horse solarium and washing unit.

Diane Snelson said: "Saddle Up helped us in a big way in creating services which
are really necessary for rural communities.

"Our business is a new venture which we believed was needed in this area. It has
proved incredibly successful and there is a waiting list for some of our
services."

Another business person who received funding towards a new equine development is
John Porter, who runs Monneley Farm in Barthomley, Crewe.

He received a 38 per cent grant towards the costs of a £6,500 trail at his
residence for riders to go off road.

The eight-mile ride, which is open to riders at the weekend, consists of 80
optional jumps around the course.

Mr Porter said: "I think Saddle Up is an excellent scheme. There is no way we
would have been able to implement the course on such a large scale without the
grant.

"The money has helped us to diversify in other areas and keep afloat following a
drop in milk prices."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           March 20, 1999, Saturday,

LOCAL DISPATCHES

SECTION: COAST & STATE, Pg. 2B, LOCAL DISPATCHES

LENGTH: 349 words


LINCOLN COUNTY

Grant to help small businesses get loans

The Department of Agriculture's rural development program recently awarded a $
200,000 grant to Coastal Enterprises Inc. in Wiscasset.

Money from the grant will be used to establish a revolving loan fund and provide
technical assistance to small businesses in the Lincoln County area.

Rural Development provides rural business enterprise grants to public and
nonprofit organizations to assist local businesses.

BATH

Maritime grog will be topic of lecture

Noted author and maritime historian Lincoln Paine will give a lecture on "Scotch
on the Rocks and Other Tales of the Wine-Dark Seas" Thursday at the Maine
Maritime Museum. His talk is part of the museum's ongoing spring lecture series.

Paine will focus on the history of drink at sea and many seamen's fabled
preference for alcoholic beverages over water and other drink. He will discuss
how that image has shaped popular culture, including books and movies, and our
understanding of maritime history.

Paine will show the impact of the ancient Mediterranean wine trade on modern
archaeology, reveal the origin of curious terms such as India Pale and grog, and
shed new light on Prohibition--era rum running.

Paine is author of "Ships of The World: An Historical Encyclopedia," which has
been named an outstanding reference by the American Library Association and the
New York Public Library. His work has been published in Nautical Research
Journal, Sea History, and Ocean Navigator.

His lecture will begin at 7 p.m. in the museum's Sewall Hall, 243 Washington St.
Tickets are $ 6.50 for members and $ 7.50 for non--members. For more information
or to make reservations, call 443-1316, Ext. 322.

If you have news for Local Dispatches, contact Will Bartlett, news assistant, at
791-6361 or Jessica Tomlinson, community coordinator, at 791-6453. contact Will
Bartlett, news assistant, at 791-6361 or Jessica Tomlinson, community
coordinator, at 791-6453. Send e-mail to wbartlett@pressherald.com or
jtomlinson@pressherald.com, or fax to 791-6920 .

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Post

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cross border joy for Owen;
GRANT HAS HELPED FIRM TO EXPAND

BYLINE: ROB DAVIES

SECTION: FARM AND COUNTRY;SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 470 words


A YOUNG entrepreneur who distributes delicatessen and speciality produce is
expanding his business across the border with help from the Welsh Government's
Rural Development Plan.

Owen Dawson from Llangollen set up Artisan Foods only a few months ago, and can
already count Eurospar among his growing customer base.

As well as a solid list of loyal Welsh customers, the 30-year-old is starting to
see more and more interest in Welsh produce from customers in Cheshire and
Shropshire.

Artisan Foods is based in Ruthin and will distribute to a 70-mile radius.

When starting up, Owen took advantage of help from the Denbighshire Enterprise
Bursary.

The bursary is funded by rural development agency Cadwyn Clwyd as part of their
£3.6 million regeneration programme for rural Denbighshire through the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the Welsh Government's Rural
Development Plan.

Artisan Foods received a £2,000 grant which helped pay for equipment, storage
space and marketing.

Owen said: "I saw that there was a gap in the market with plenty of people
producing top quality produce and also a rising amount of retailers wanting to
sell it, but there weren't many distributors willing to take it from the one to
the other.

"At this point, the business is where I hoped it would be, and I'm enjoying the
responsibility that comes with being your own boss.

" My success and failures are based purely on the decisions I make, and building
my business from scratch and seeing it grow has been very rewarding so far.

"At the moment I'm very focussed on taking Welsh produce over the border, I am
seeing a growing demand for Welsh food in England, because although the food is
still locally produced, it's that little bit different to what is usually on the
shelves in English outlets."

As work increases, Owen is making plans to take on staff to lighten the growing
load that comes with the pressures of his successfully blossoming distribution
business. Alun Davies, the Welsh Deputy Minister for Agriculture, Food,
Fisheries and European Programmes, has recently established a group to look at
the new Rural Development Plan programme for 2014-20.

Mr Davies said: Success stories such as Artisan Foods show just how important
the Rural Development Plan is for Wales. I am pleased to see how RDP investment
can make a real positive difference, not only to individuals, but also to the
wider economy during difficult financial times.

"I am determined to continue to provide the best possible outcomes from the
opportunities that come with forming the new RDP. I will explore all
possibilities and options, and to build on the valuable work that is already
being delivered under the current plan.

? For more details on the Denbighshire Enterprise Bursary call Louise Humm 01824
705802 or email admin@cadwynclwyd.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Llangollen entrepreneur Owen Dawson with wife Elle and Cadwyn Clwyd's
Denbighshire bursary project officer Louise Humm, centre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Post

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;

Cross border joy for Owen;
GRANT HAS HELPED FIRM TO EXPAND

BYLINE: ROB DAVIES

SECTION: FARM AND COUNTRY;SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 470 words


A YOUNG entrepreneur who distributes delicatessen and speciality produce is
expanding his business across the border with help from the Welsh Government's
Rural Development Plan.

Owen Dawson from Llangollen set up Artisan Foods only a few months ago, and can
already count Eurospar among his growing customer base.

As well as a solid list of loyal Welsh customers, the 30-year-old is starting to
see more and more interest in Welsh produce from customers in Cheshire and
Shropshire.

Artisan Foods is based in Ruthin and will distribute to a 70-mile radius.

When starting up, Owen took advantage of help from the Denbighshire Enterprise
Bursary.

The bursary is funded by rural development agency Cadwyn Clwyd as part of their
£3.6 million regeneration programme for rural Denbighshire through the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the Welsh Government's Rural
Development Plan.

Artisan Foods received a £2,000 grant which helped pay for equipment, storage
space and marketing.

Owen said: "I saw that there was a gap in the market with plenty of people
producing top quality produce and also a rising amount of retailers wanting to
sell it, but there weren't many distributors willing to take it from the one to
the other.

"At this point, the business is where I hoped it would be, and I'm enjoying the
responsibility that comes with being your own boss.

" My success and failures are based purely on the decisions I make, and building
my business from scratch and seeing it grow has been very rewarding so far.

"At the moment I'm very focussed on taking Welsh produce over the border, I am
seeing a growing demand for Welsh food in England, because although the food is
still locally produced, it's that little bit different to what is usually on the
shelves in English outlets."

As work increases, Owen is making plans to take on staff to lighten the growing
load that comes with the pressures of his successfully blossoming distribution
business. Alun Davies, the Welsh Deputy Minister for Agriculture, Food,
Fisheries and European Programmes, has recently established a group to look at
the new Rural Development Plan programme for 2014-20.

Mr Davies said: Success stories such as Artisan Foods show just how important
the Rural Development Plan is for Wales. I am pleased to see how RDP investment
can make a real positive difference, not only to individuals, but also to the
wider economy during difficult financial times.

"I am determined to continue to provide the best possible outcomes from the
opportunities that come with forming the new RDP. I will explore all
possibilities and options, and to build on the valuable work that is already
being delivered under the current plan.

? For more details on the Denbighshire Enterprise Bursary call Louise Humm 01824
705802 or email admin@cadwynclwyd.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Llangollen entrepreneur Owen Dawson with wife Elle and Cadwyn Clwyd's
Denbighshire bursary project officer Louise Humm, centre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Ludlow Advertiser

                            March 30, 2017 Thursday

Grants support for food and tourism

BYLINE: Adrian Kibbler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


FOOD and tourism businesses in Ludlow and south Shropshire are being urged to
tap into grants of more than £35,000 to help them grow and diversify.

A total of £3.5 million is on offer in the region for rural businesses working
in either sector through DEFRA's latest round of funding in its Growth
Programme.

The grants are funded by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development
(EAFRD), which is part of the European Structural Investment Funds (ESIF).

Two major strands include funding for food and drink businesses that process
agricultural and horticultural products and a rural tourism grant for small
businesses and farmers who want to diversify.

The Marches Growth Hub, which provides support and funding advice to businesses
across the region, is urging people to find out more about what's on offer.

"These grants are a golden opportunity for businesses in two of our key growth
sectors in the Marches to fund ambitious plans for development," said Paul
Hinkins, chair of the Marches Growth Hub.

"It's a competitive bidding process so it's vital that applicants get advice on
the criteria they need to meet and how to apply to improve their chances to
securing a grant.

"Our advisors can help demystifying funding applications like these and go
through eligibility rules with businesses prior to making an application. The
Marches Growth Hub is happy to help at all stages of the process."

For more information on the funding, call the Marches Growth Hub on 0345 6000
727 or email enquiries@marchesgrowthhub.co.uk

The hub can provide support for Expressions of Interest, which must be submitted
by January 2018.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday
                     AUBURN/CHARLTON/DUDLEY/OXFORD EDITION

Dudley farm receives USDA grant

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced 110 grants to agricultural
producers and rural businesses.

"This support will benefit rural businesses and the communities where the
recipients are located," Vilsack said. "These awards also will advance USDA's
goals to develop a bio-based economy and support local and regional food
systems."

The awardees were selected for USDA Rural Development Value-Added Producer
Grants. The grants help agricultural producers increase their income by
expanding marketing opportunities, creating new products or developing new uses
for existing products.

James Koebke of Dudley will use a $48,000 grant for a feasibility study for the
development of a farmstead creamery to process and distribute specialty cheeses
and yogurts at an established family dairy farm.

The farm has been part of the Koebke family since 1910. The current farm
includes a farm stand, and the Koebkes have recently developed a creamery, which
will process milk into specialty cheeses and yogurt.

The family is highly regarded in the region and is expanding dairy operations to
include value-added products.

In addition to the study, the Koebkes will help develop a business plan, food
safety plan and marketing plan. The products will not only be sold at the stand
but they intend to expand into local retailers and specialty shops. It is also
anticipated that three new full-time jobs will be created.

"Our Massachusetts dairy farmers have a great opportunity to be more viable,
preserve more working landscapes, and create more jobs when we develop more
outlets for value-added dairy products. This grant will assist Koebke Farms in
joining other local dairies that have successfully transitioned to more
profitable retail-oriented product," said Jay Healy, MA/CT/RI Rural Development
State Director.

Value-Added Producer Grants are an important element of USDA's Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates USDA's work to support local and
regional food systems. Previous VAPG awards supporting local and regional
projects are mapped on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food compass,
www.usda.gov/maps/maps/kyfcompassmap.htm .

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Somerset County Gazette

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

More than 3m of new rural grants available

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


MORE THAN £3m of rural grants has been made available for businesses, farmers,
foresters and community groups in the Somerset Levels and Moors area and West
Somerset for projects that will create jobs and benefit the local rural economy.

The new LEADER programme which runs between 2015 and 2020 is part of the
European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD): 'Europe investing in
Rural Areas', with Somerset County Council acting as the accountable body on
behalf of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) and the
Rural Payments Agency (RPA).

The overall aim of the funding is to improve the local rural economy through the
creation of jobs and business growth.

Cllr David Hall, cabinet member with a responsibility for business, investment
and policy said; "We are really pleased to be working with a number of partner
agencies to offer these grants to members of the rural community which will
support business growth and the creation of jobs."

"Somerset is a county built on our rural economy and as such we want to be able
to support it to thrive and continue to grow for many years to come."

The LAG, made up of community, public and private sector representatives, will
guide the programme and award funding to projects which they feel address the
national and local priorities of their Local Development Strategies.

Grant requests can be between £2,500 and £100,000 and will typically be limited
to 40% of the overall project cost. They will be assessed against their
contribution to the wider rural economy.

If you have a business idea that would contribute to the growth of either the
Somerset Levels and Moors or Western Somerset's rural economy please contact
Anne-Marie Spalding at Somerset County Council on 01823 359242 or email
AMSpalding@somerset.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                 June 30, 2010

Rural business centre

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 121 words


Carmarthenshire's flagship Rural Business Centre has helped hundreds of
businesses since officially opening its doors in 2003.

The first Objective 1 project to be delivered in the county, it has been hailed
as a lifeline to farming and rural communities.

It is a dedicated Business Development Centre and is designed to play an active
role in supporting the development of new businesses to support and diversify
the local economy.

The centre offers a one-stop shop facility for advice and guidance for people
who wish to improve their businesses.

Services include flexible support, grants, relief packages and advice and
information on numerous grant and business development programmes that can
support new and existing businesses.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 153


                       Copyright 2010 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Bury Free Press

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Millions in European Funding available for rural businesses in Suffolk and
Norfolk

LENGTH: 306  words


Nearly £10million of European funding is now available for rural businesses in
Suffolk and Norfolk.

Calls for applications for the latest round of the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD) Growth Programme have now opened and projects can
come forward throughout 2017.

The latest calls include:

· £4.17million available to support food processing businesses. Grants from
£60,000 up to £1million will be available to food processing firms of all sizes
in rural and urban areas for projects which generate new jobs.

· £3.06million available for rural business development. This is for
non-agricultural activity in Defra-designated rural areas. Grants of between
£50,000 and £170,000 will be available for capital expenditure on projects which
will generate new jobs.

·£2.41million available for improving rural tourism infrastructure. There grants
of between £50,000 and £170,000 are for capital projects, such as visitor
attractions, signage and schemes to improve visitor connectivity, like
footpaths. This fund will not be available for visitor accommodation schemes,
which can be funded through the business development call.

Mark Pendlington, chairman of New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"European funding remains a crucial source of investment in supporting local
businesses to achieve their growth ambitions. As long as the UK continues to be
a member of the EU we want to ensure that we maximise the funding available in
New Anglia."

To find out more about the latest calls and for help deciding whether these
funds are suitable for your growth plans, contact Emma Taylor in Norfolk on
01603 222735 / emma.taylor@norfolk.gov.uk or Matthew Jones in Suffolk on 07860
917014 / matt.jones@suffolk.gov.uk .

Visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme for full
details and to apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBFP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Diss Express

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Millions in European Funding available for rural businesses in Suffolk and
Norfolk

LENGTH: 306  words


Nearly £10million of European funding is now available for rural businesses in
Suffolk and Norfolk.

Calls for applications for the latest round of the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD) Growth Programme have now opened and projects can
come forward throughout 2017.

The latest calls include:

· £4.17million available to support food processing businesses. Grants from
£60,000 up to £1million will be available to food processing firms of all sizes
in rural and urban areas for projects which generate new jobs.

· £3.06million available for rural business development. This is for
non-agricultural activity in Defra-designated rural areas. Grants of between
£50,000 and £170,000 will be available for capital expenditure on projects which
will generate new jobs.

·£2.41million available for improving rural tourism infrastructure. There grants
of between £50,000 and £170,000 are for capital projects, such as visitor
attractions, signage and schemes to improve visitor connectivity, like
footpaths. This fund will not be available for visitor accommodation schemes,
which can be funded through the business development call.

Mark Pendlington, chairman of New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"European funding remains a crucial source of investment in supporting local
businesses to achieve their growth ambitions. As long as the UK continues to be
a member of the EU we want to ensure that we maximise the funding available in
New Anglia."

To find out more about the latest calls and for help deciding whether these
funds are suitable for your growth plans, contact Emma Taylor in Norfolk on
01603 222735 / emma.taylor@norfolk.gov.uk or Matthew Jones in Suffolk on 07860
917014 / matt.jones@suffolk.gov.uk .

Visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme for full
details and to apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDEP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Haverhill Echo

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Millions in European Funding available for rural businesses in Suffolk and
Norfolk

LENGTH: 306  words


Nearly £10million of European funding is now available for rural businesses in
Suffolk and Norfolk.

Calls for applications for the latest round of the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD) Growth Programme have now opened and projects can
come forward throughout 2017.

The latest calls include:

· £4.17million available to support food processing businesses. Grants from
£60,000 up to £1million will be available to food processing firms of all sizes
in rural and urban areas for projects which generate new jobs.

· £3.06million available for rural business development. This is for
non-agricultural activity in Defra-designated rural areas. Grants of between
£50,000 and £170,000 will be available for capital expenditure on projects which
will generate new jobs.

·£2.41million available for improving rural tourism infrastructure. There grants
of between £50,000 and £170,000 are for capital projects, such as visitor
attractions, signage and schemes to improve visitor connectivity, like
footpaths. This fund will not be available for visitor accommodation schemes,
which can be funded through the business development call.

Mark Pendlington, chairman of New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"European funding remains a crucial source of investment in supporting local
businesses to achieve their growth ambitions. As long as the UK continues to be
a member of the EU we want to ensure that we maximise the funding available in
New Anglia."

To find out more about the latest calls and for help deciding whether these
funds are suitable for your growth plans, contact Emma Taylor in Norfolk on
01603 222735 / emma.taylor@norfolk.gov.uk or Matthew Jones in Suffolk on 07860
917014 / matt.jones@suffolk.gov.uk .

Visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme for full
details and to apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHEP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Newmarket Journal

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Millions in European Funding available for rural businesses in Suffolk and
Norfolk

LENGTH: 306  words


Nearly £10million of European funding is now available for rural businesses in
Suffolk and Norfolk.

Calls for applications for the latest round of the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD) Growth Programme have now opened and projects can
come forward throughout 2017.

The latest calls include:

· £4.17million available to support food processing businesses. Grants from
£60,000 up to £1million will be available to food processing firms of all sizes
in rural and urban areas for projects which generate new jobs.

· £3.06million available for rural business development. This is for
non-agricultural activity in Defra-designated rural areas. Grants of between
£50,000 and £170,000 will be available for capital expenditure on projects which
will generate new jobs.

·£2.41million available for improving rural tourism infrastructure. There grants
of between £50,000 and £170,000 are for capital projects, such as visitor
attractions, signage and schemes to improve visitor connectivity, like
footpaths. This fund will not be available for visitor accommodation schemes,
which can be funded through the business development call.

Mark Pendlington, chairman of New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"European funding remains a crucial source of investment in supporting local
businesses to achieve their growth ambitions. As long as the UK continues to be
a member of the EU we want to ensure that we maximise the funding available in
New Anglia."

To find out more about the latest calls and for help deciding whether these
funds are suitable for your growth plans, contact Emma Taylor in Norfolk on
01603 222735 / emma.taylor@norfolk.gov.uk or Matthew Jones in Suffolk on 07860
917014 / matt.jones@suffolk.gov.uk .

Visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme for full
details and to apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNJP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Suffolk Free Press

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Millions in European Funding available for rural businesses in Suffolk and
Norfolk

LENGTH: 306  words


Nearly £10million of European funding is now available for rural businesses in
Suffolk and Norfolk.

Calls for applications for the latest round of the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD) Growth Programme have now opened and projects can
come forward throughout 2017.

The latest calls include:

· £4.17million available to support food processing businesses. Grants from
£60,000 up to £1million will be available to food processing firms of all sizes
in rural and urban areas for projects which generate new jobs.

· £3.06million available for rural business development. This is for
non-agricultural activity in Defra-designated rural areas. Grants of between
£50,000 and £170,000 will be available for capital expenditure on projects which
will generate new jobs.

·£2.41million available for improving rural tourism infrastructure. There grants
of between £50,000 and £170,000 are for capital projects, such as visitor
attractions, signage and schemes to improve visitor connectivity, like
footpaths. This fund will not be available for visitor accommodation schemes,
which can be funded through the business development call.

Mark Pendlington, chairman of New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"European funding remains a crucial source of investment in supporting local
businesses to achieve their growth ambitions. As long as the UK continues to be
a member of the EU we want to ensure that we maximise the funding available in
New Anglia."

To find out more about the latest calls and for help deciding whether these
funds are suitable for your growth plans, contact Emma Taylor in Norfolk on
01603 222735 / emma.taylor@norfolk.gov.uk or Matthew Jones in Suffolk on 07860
917014 / matt.jones@suffolk.gov.uk .

Visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/rdpe-growth-programme for full
details and to apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSFP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                August 18, 2005

Grants for businesses in rural buildings

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 366 words


REDUNDANT and derelict buildings in the countryside could enjoy a new lease of
life as workspaces thanks to a generous financial incentive set up to boost the
rural economy.

Property owners and developers in Wiltshire with planning permission to convert
or redevelop old derelict and redundant buildings situated in rural areas could
be eligible to a grant of up to 25 per cent of the cost of the redevelopment if
the building is earmarked for employment use.

The scheme is part of the Rural Renaissance initiative being delivered by the
Wiltshire and Swindon Rural Regeneration Partnership on behalf of the South West
Regional Development Agency (SWRDA).

Developers and property owners with planning permission for their buildings are
invited to submit applications for funding by one of two deadlines - either
September 1 or December 1 2005.

Each application will be judged on the size purpose and job creation
opportunities proposed for the specified workspace.

Those applications that meet the judging criteria will receive a grant of up to
25 per cent of the total investment planned for the building - minimum
investment must be over £5 000.

The money can be used to cover a wide variety of costs such as construction
post-planning development finance charges connections to utilities as well as
professional services fees.

Commenting on the new funding available Kerry Greenhalgh from the Rural
Renaissance Programme Management Team at Great Western Enterprise said: "As part
of the Rural Renaissance initiative our aim is to help bring out the best in
Wiltshire and Swindon's rural economy by maximising enterprise and innovation.

"With the right investment disused buildings in the region can become a haven
for employment and business opportunities.

"This is why a generous proportion of our £2.4 million funding budget has been
earmarked to support the investment outlay of property owners by up to 25 per
cent."

The type of employment must relate to financial and professional services light
industrial or office use general industrial storage and distribution and
education. Call Kerry Greenhalgh on (01225) 712318 for further information.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Lancashire Telegraph

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

19 jobs to go in rural cutbacks

BYLINE: Ben Briggs

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


NINETEEN jobs will be lost after an organisation that helps rural businesses
announced it was closing due to lack of funds.

Since 1999 Lancashire Rural Futures (LRF), which has offices in Clitheroe and
Leyland, has has helped farmers and rural entrepreneurs develop their business
ideas.

John Welbank, program manager at LRF, said the decision had been taken after it
failed to secure around £125,000 from the Northwest Regional Development Agency
(NWDA).

This cash, along with a similar amount from Lancashire County Council and
Business Link Lancashire, would have enabled LRF to keep going until further
funding was available via the Government's Rural Development Plan England in
January.

Mr Welbank said it was a sad way to end nine years of hard work.

He said: "The problem is that the funding coming in to rural areas is years
behind schedule.

"What we have done is help others to help themselves.

"We know there is enough demand out there for us to keep going but all that goes
out of the window now.

"We have helped a lot of schemes in rural areas. All that stops now."

Funding has traditionally come from Lancashire Economic Partnership but this
expires at the end of the month, meaning the NWDA funding was even more vital.

However, Mr Welbank said the funding refusal was because the organisation did
not fit within the NWDA's business agenda.

Richard Drinkall, of Backridge Farm, Waddington, scaled down his dairy herd in
2001 and converted several of his buildings into workshops which now house
around 20 business.

Mr Drinkall said his diversification scheme was done with the help and advice of
LRF.

He said: "Grants are going to continue to be available and Lancashire Rural
Futures will be sadly missed.

"They helped me apply for grants but I didn't reallise how much red tape there
was. It helped me understand all this, helped me with planning applications and
advised me on applying for grants.

"They were a great help for me."

Nigel Evans, MP for Ribble Valley has tabled an Early Day Motion in the house of
Commons protesting at the the closure.

He said: "I hope that the NWDA reconsiders its position on this matter."

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

Kuster Announces $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant to
Northern Forest Center

LENGTH: 353  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Ann Mclane Kuster, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Representative Annie Kuster (NH-02) today announced that the Northern Forest
Center has received a $250,000 Rural Community Development Initiative Grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).  The Center will use the funding to
provide technical assistance to the Northern Community Investment Corporation
(NCIC) in support of NCIC's economic development services across the North
Country.  The grant will assist the Northern Forest Center and NCIC in improving
the food system network in the North Country.

"The Northern Forest Center and the Northern Community Investment Corporation
are doing phenomenal work helping to support economic growth and job creation in
an area of the state that really needs it," said Congresswoman Kuster.  "This
grant will help these two organizations improve the food system network in the
region, which will boost local economies and increase access to natural,
delicious foods grown right here in New Hampshire.   I congratulate the North
Forest Center on this grant award and thank them for all of their work on behalf
of economic development and sustainability in the North Country and around our
state."

"Our agricultural, tourism, and forest product businesses are so important to
the economy in northern New Hampshire and northeastern Vermont," said Rob Riley,
President of the Northern Forest Center. "This grant from USDA will enable the
Northern Forest Center and NCIC to continue providing support and innovation
services to these working lands businesses.  We value USDA Rural Development as
a key partner in this work, and are grateful their support."

The Rural Community Development Initiative Grant program supports private,
nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations, and
low income rural communities to improve housing, community facilities, community
and economic development projects in rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                February 8, 2008

Shift in funding will be beneficial to larger projects

BYLINE: Andrew Shirley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 761 words


Most of England's Regional Development Agencies (RDAs) have now launched their
elements of the new Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE). The focus
will be on fewer, larger, more strategic projects which are likely to involve
collaboration between a number of land-based businesses and potentially between
the public and private sectors.

This will be a significant shift in approach to those who were used to the old
project-based schemes - the Rural Enterprise Scheme, Processing and Marketing
Grant Scheme and Vocational Training Scheme - as smaller projects that only
benefit a single farm business are unlikely to excite the RDAs, even though such
projects were actively encouraged during the old programme (2000-2006).

After 18 months of paralysis, political agreement in Brussels before Christmas
means RDPE can now begin in earnest. About £3bn - 80% of the money - has, of
course, been soaked up by agri-environment schemes (mainly the entry level and
higher level schemes), meaning the rest of the UK's rural development policy has
got a relatively poor look-in.

But the levels of funding are not be sniffed at each RDA has a budget of between
£50m and £100m to spend over the next six years to benefit so-called
"socio-economic" projects in Rural Areas - about double the levels of funding
under the old programme - which is worth £600m across England by 2013. There is
also a new Energy Crops Scheme (ECS), to be run on a national basis by Natural
England. Each Regional Implementation Plan (or RIP, an unfortunate acronym) is
slightly different, but key areas which the new funding is likely to support
include:

Q Farm, food and rural business efficiency - including energy, water and waste
issues, and adding value along supply chains.

Q Developing new markets and products for food, farming and forestry products.

Q New on and off-farm businesses and enterprises in the rural economy.

Q Resource protection, conservation of the environment and access and
recreation.

Q Investing in rural communities.

Groups of farmers or land-based businesses interested should contact one of the
RDPE facilitators in their region, who will either talk through the project
outline over the phone or direct applicants to an on-line "expression of
interest" form. Many RDAs will also be using the funds to "commission" projects
and will be developing project outlines where there is a clear need and putting
these out to tender. It is unlikely that projects asking for less than
£50,000-£100,000 of funding will be of interest to the RDAs, as there is a move
to "strategically align" fewer projects with the wider objectives of the
relevant Regional Economic Strategy.

What is critical is that farm and food businesses look at all available sources
of funding and do not just default to RDPE. As rural funding is being
mainstreamed, a host of other funding sources open up to these businesses that
were inaccessible 10 years ago. European Regional Development Funding, which
supports the low-carbon economic growth agenda, and European Social Funding,
which focuses on skills, are both significantly larger than RDPE and can be
accessed by farming and food businesses.

Other mainstream grants are available to support bioenergy and renewables,
community projects, health and education, skills and research and development.
Funds for training under RDPE are, for example, dwarfed by the £1bn a year many
regions receive through mainstream skills funding sources. As an industry it is
vital we capture our share of all sources of funding and don't just default to
RDPE.

A final word of warning. It is important not to let the grant tail wag the dog.
Public funding comes with a series of strings, including public disclosure and
potential time delays while applications are assessed. But for many land-based
businesses, funding will continue to play an important part in kick-starting new
businesses and enterprises which will benefit the wider rural economy.

Q A Guide to Rural Funding is Available
athttp://www.bidwells.co.uk/documents/RuralFunding.pdf

Carl Atkin is director of land and business research at Bidwells (01223 559 539)

regional development agencies

East of England:www.eeda.org.uk/rdpe

South-east:www.seeda.co.uk/rdpe/

South-west:www.southwestrda.org.uk/what-we-do/regeneration/eafrd/introduction.sh
tm

East Midlands:www.emda.org.uk/rdpe/

West Midlands:www.advantagewm.co.uk/working-with-us/rural-development
-programme-for-england.aspx

North-west:www.nwda.co.uk/rdpe

North-east:www.onenortheast.co.uk/page/rural/rdpe.cfm

Yorkshire and the Humber:www.yorkshire-forward.com/rdpe

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2008 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 22, 2012

TOUR SEKY receives grant from USDA

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 218  words


Somerset, KY- TOUR Southern and Eastern Kentucky (TOUR SEKY) is excited to
announce the organization received an Economic Development Grant from the
U.S.D.A.

TOUR will use the grant to help launch its new entrepreneur training program
throughout southern and eastern Kentucky.

The funding was made available through US DA's Rural Business Opportunity Grant
(RBOG) program. The primary objective of the RBOG program is to promote
sustainable economic development in rural communities with exceptional needs.
Grants are awarded on a competitive basis.

TOUR SEKY will launch its new program "Tourism's Business and Entrepreneurial
Success Training (B.E.S.T.) next month."

"Tourism involves so much more than just promoting our attractions. Training is
a valuable tool that we can provide to our regional tourism entrepreneurs to
help them succeed," said Jeff Crowe, TOUR SEKY President/CEO.

TOUR SEKY is an award winning initiative of Congressman Hal Rogers. The
organization's mission is to educate, expand, develop and market the existing
and potential tourism industry throughout southern and eastern Kentucky, while
contributing to the economic, cultural growth, health and awareness, and overall
quality of life of the region. For additional information about TOUR SEKY visit
www.tourseky.com, or call 606-677-6093.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2012 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 641  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by December 29, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Cooperative Development Grants --7 CFR 4284-F.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0006.



 Summary of Collection: Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (as amended) (Pub. L. 107-171) authorizes the Rural Cooperative
Development Grants (RCDG) program. The program is administered through State
Rural Development Offices on behalf of the Rural Business Cooperative Service
(RBS). The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic condition
of rural areas through cooperative development. Grant funds are awarded on a
competitive basis using a scoring system that gives preference to applications
that demonstrate a proven track record. The applicants, who are non-profit
corporations or institutions of higher education, will provide information using
various forms and supporting documentation.



 Need and Use of the Information: Information is collected by RBS and Rural
Development State and Area office staff, as delegated, from applicants and
grantees. RBS will use the information collected to evaluate the applicant's
ability to carry out the purposes of the program. Grantees are required to
submit financial status and performance reports to confirm funds are being
expended as approved and requests for advance or reimbursement to request
payment. If this information were not collected, RBS would have no basis on
which to evaluate the relative merit of each application.



 Description of Respondents: Not for profit institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 55.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 6,342.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-28677 Filed 11-28-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               February 10, 2009

Idaho lawmakers press commerce director on rural grant cuts

BYLINE: Simon Shifrin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 499  words


Lawmakers on the Joint Finance-Appropriations Committee pressed Commerce
Department Director Don Dietrich to rethink $2.5 million in cuts the department
plans to make to grants for rural communities, one of the few economic
development lifelines for Idaho's small towns.

Department officials volunteered the cuts because applications for the grants
have fallen off and federal money is still available for rural economic
development projects, Dietrich told the committee. The reduction in grant
funding represents the largest portion of the 41 percent drop in the
department's general fund revenue under Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter's proposed
budget next fiscal year, one of the biggest declines for an agency.

The contraction in grant funding could represent a barrier for rural communities
trying to lure industrial or manufacturing projects. The City of Burley, for
example, attracted hundreds of jobs to town between 2005 and 2008, primarily
with the help of six grants totaling $2.7 million. Premier Technology of
Blackfoot, one of the state's fastest growing companies, has pledged to bring
25-50 jobs to the City of Mackay with the help of a $500,000 grant awarded on
Jan. 16 and plans further projects in other Idaho communities as long as the
grants are available.

Rep. Darrell Bolz, R-Caldwell, wondered if $850,000 in spending proposed for
Otter's initiative, known as Project 60, to grow Idaho's annual gross domestic
product from $51 billion to $60 billion through investment in areas like
commercialization of patents and business retention, might be better spent on
direct job creation through the rural grants.

Co-Chairman Dean Cameron, R-Rupert, also noted that the Commerce Department is
one of the agencies that can help turn Idaho's economy around.

"And yet most of (the cuts) have come out of those grants ... which would be
money on the ground, rather than out of administrative staff," he said. "Can you
explain how you arrived at that decision, how it was easier to reduce grants
rather than trying to absorb those reductions internally?"

Dietrich said it was a "very difficult decision, to be quite frank," though he
said it made sense due to the drop off in demand for the grants and because
money might still be available for rural economic development projects with
federal block grants.

"We, in essence, did not feel like we were short-circuiting the folks in our
rural communities," he said. "We actually volunteered that money up because
things were pretty tight. We thought we would contribute a little bit more money
back to the general fund. "

Cameron, though, warned that more cuts are coming this fiscal year as state
revenues continue to fall short of estimates, and he encouraged Dietrich to cut
administrative expenses and staff before hitting rural aid even more.

"We've got to turn things around, and you're going to be able to help with
that," Cameron said. "I think it requires not a diminished effort, but an
increased effort in working with those rural communities. "

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 28, 2003

:440,000 Boost For Diversification Projects In Highlands

BYLINE: Joe Watson

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 401 words


Grants totalling almost £440,000 are to be shared among 34 projects to help
farmers and crofters in the Highlands and Islands diversify their operations.
The cash, being paid out under the Agricultural Business Development Scheme, was
revealed yesterday by Environment and Rural Development Minister Ross Finnie.

The projects receiving money cover a range of investments in farm holdings,
including livestock accommodation, waste management and storage facilities as
well as diversification projects outwith agriculture such as accommodation for
tourists.

Mr Finnie said: "These awards provide support to farmers to help with
restructuring and improving efficiency. They can make a big difference to
farmers, their families and local communities throughout the Highlands and
Islands.

"This further support brings the number of successful applications approved to
847, totalling grant of £7.3million towards overall project costs of
£21.8million.

"The Scottish Executive is committed to building a sustainable future for rural
Scotland. These awards can, and do, help individual farmers and crofters achieve
this for their business.

"That is why I am delighted to offer my congratulations to the successful
applicants and to wish them well in their new projects.

"I still think ABDS can do more to support innovative ways of generating income
for farmers and farm families to support our rural communities." Mr Finnie
appealed for more applications for the scheme, saying he wanted to see greater
numbers of high quality plans for diversification and alternative income
generation.

The minister added: "I hope farmers in the Highlands and Islands will come
forward with further innovative proposals in the near future." ABDS is an
innovative business development scheme for farmers/crofters and their immediate
families and operates across the Highlands and Islands Special Transitional
Programme Area.

Farmers in the rest of Scotland are eligible to apply for grant assistance under
the Farm Business Development Scheme.

The ABDS gives variable grant assistance of up to 50 to farmers wishing to
restructure or re-orientate production or to diversify either within or outwith
agriculture. The scheme is co-financed by the Scottish Executive and the
European Union.

The closing date for the next round of ABDS applications is July 8. The ABDS
scheme will run until 2006.


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 14, 2009 Friday

USDA grants promote energy efficiency: Ag operation and rural businesses in Kan.
among recipients of fed funding

BYLINE: Amy Bickel, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Aug. 14--A Stanton County agriculture operation and three Kansas rural
businesses are among those sharing more than $15 million in federal loans and
grants for energy improvements.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced earlier this week that the
agency awarded funding to more than 365 applicants across the country.

The money allows farmers and rural residents to install renewable-energy systems
and raise energy efficiency.

The money will be used to install renewable-energy systems and raise energy
efficiency in an effort to help these operations and individuals stay
competitive, said Gary Smith, director of community and business programs for
Kansas USDA Rural Development.

The loans and grants are authorized under the Rural Energy for America Program,
which was established in the 2008 farm bill.

The funds are not part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Smith said those receiving funding include:

--Marilyn Mavity, Kingman, a $2,642 grant to install efficient windows and
insulation in an insurance building.

--McCoy V. Inc.; $6,929 grant to replace a restaurant roof with a more
energy-efficient one.

--Altamont Grocery, LLC; $3,589 grant to make its coolers, heating and cooling
systems more efficient.

--Freedom Farms Inc.; $59,141 grant and a $118,282 loan will help the Johnson
farm convert natural gas motors on its irrigation systems to electric motors.

"They're not big cost items, but these items are important," Smith said. "These
kinds of things help cut energy costs."

He expected the program to again be funded.

"There's national attention on saving energy," he said. "If people look at it in
terms of 'We are in troubled times, so what can I do to cut expenses?,' one of
those ways is to cut energy costs. This program might be an opportunity for them
to do so."

For more information, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/ rbs/farmbill.

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090814-VZ-USDA-grants-promote-energy-efficiency-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announces $1.1 Million Grant Coming to Wolcott Through USDA
Rural Development Program -- Funding Will Create New Sanitary Sewer District in
Blind Sodus Bay Area

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced that
the Town of Wolcott, in Wayne County, has received a Water and Waste Disposal
Grant totaling $1,100,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development. The funding will be used to create a new sewer district in the
Blind Sodus Bay area, which will be a benefit to local residents and help guard
against contamination getting into Blind Sodus Bay.

"Efficiently supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sanitary sewers is pivotal for our community and our economy," said Schumer.
"Funding sewer renewal projects in the Town of Wolcott will boost public health,
help protect the water quality of Blind Sodus Bay, and bring infrastructure jobs
to the region, which will spur local economic development."

"This is an important investment for Wolcott," Senator Gillibrand said. "These
federal resources to upgrade Wolcott's sewer system will help improve water
services for families and businesses. Investing in this kind of key
infrastructure can help attract new businesses and support new jobs to help
strengthen our local economy. And when these investments are made at the federal
level, that helps reduce the burden on local taxpayers."

The funding is part of the USDA Rural Development annual budget. USDA Rural
Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve the
quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
necessary community and technology infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Kandiyohi County broadband projects receive nearly $6 million

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1034 words


Jan. 12--WILLMAR -- Local leaders greeted the announcement of broadband grant
funds Wednesday with enthusiasm, calling it good news for rural Kandiyohi
County.

Two projects in Kandiyohi County made the list of recipients of border-to-border
technology infrastructure development grants, announced Wednesday by state
officials.

Consolidated Telecommunications Co. will receive $4.94 million to improve
high-speed internet services in a rural neighborhood that includes the New
London, Spicer and Willmar areas. The grant was the largest to be awarded.

Frontier Communications was awarded $1.02 million to expand broadband access in
rural southeastern Kandiyohi County.

All told, the state is providing $34 million for 42 broadband infrastructure
grants through its border-to-border technology program. The aim is to make state
dollars available to help spur broadband development where it's needed the most
-- in unserved and underserved areas of Greater Minnesota. The funding fills in
gaps where the private sector is unable to provide cost-effective infrastructure
and services.

The boost in access to high-speed internet will be felt across the board, from
education to health care to business and industry, with implications for
telemedicine, telecommuting, distance learning and more, said Minnesota Lt. Gov.
Tina Smith in making the announcement Wednesday.

"We are very enthusiastic about this and excited for the direct economic impact
this is going to have on Minnesotans everywhere," she said.

The 42 grants will collectively bring better and faster internet services to
more than 16,000 households, more than 2,000 businesses and 71 community
institutions.

Shawntera Hardy, Commissioner of the Department of Employment and Economic
Development, said the improvements in broadband infrastructure will enable rural
Minnesota communities to compete more effectively, both locally and globally.

She called it a leveling of the playing field.

"Broadband is not simply a luxury. It is a critical economic development tool,"
she said.

For leaders in Kandiyohi County, word of the grant awards represents important
progress toward a long-sought goal of increasing good access to homes and
businesses in areas of the county that remain inadequately served.

"We couldn't be more pleased," said Connie Schmoll, business development
specialist with the Kandiyohi County and City of Willmar Economic Development
Commission.

The EDC, along with county officials and local business leaders, has been
pushing for months to improve rural broadband. At public meetings with
legislators, story after story was shared about farmers, business owners and
families hamstrung by a lack of high-speed internet service.

Those personal experiences appeared to resonate when it came to Consolidated
Telecommunications Co.'s grant application, which was submitted in partnership
with Kandiyohi County, Schmoll said.

"All those stories were submitted with the grant. The state paid attention," she
said.

The project by Consolidated Telecommunications, set to begin this year, will
bring service to 1,438 households, 149 businesses and four community anchor
institutions in the north central and northwestern part of the county.

The grant to Frontier will expand high-speed internet to 1,147 households, seven
businesses and seven community anchor institutions in the southeastern area of
Kandiyohi County. The southern half of the county was identified last year as
the most lacking in access to broadband.

The list of grant awards also includes Hiawatha Broadband Communications and RS
Fiber, which received $807,966 to bring services to 193 households, 99
businesses and three community anchor institutions in 16 townships in northern
and central Renville County.

Rep. Dave Baker, R-Willmar, issued a statement Wednesday saying he was
"thrilled" that Kandiyohi County received funding for two substantial projects.

"Folks in our area need high-speed connection to stay connected with the rest of
the world, and these grants will go a long way in bringing broadband to
thousands more residents," he said in his statement.

The two projects in Kandiyohi County will leverage nearly $6 million in
additional local matching funds.

State officials said several electric and telephone cooperatives applied for
this latest round of border-to-border grants. They said they also saw several
communities organize at the grassroots level to urge telecommunication providers
to submit applications.

Grant recipients are monitored to ensure they follow through with completing
their projects. Of the 31 projects funded through the border-to-border program
in 2015 and 2016, 18 are between 95 percent and 100 percent completion and the
majority of the rest are between 70 percent and 75 percent completion, according
to Danna MacKenzie, executive director of the Minnesota Office of Broadband
Development.

"They are all demonstrating successful forward progress," she said.

Despite a new series of projects ready to move ahead, there's still work to be
done to close the broadband gap in Greater Minnesota, Smith said Wednesday.

Within the next couple of weeks, Gov. Mark Dayton will release a budget proposal
that contains more funding for broadband development, she said.

"You'll see robust support for broadband in the governor's budget," she
promised.

Grantee: Consolidated Telecommunications Co.

Award: $4.94 million

Project area: North central and northwestern Kandiyohi County

Impact: 1,439 households, 149 businesses, 4 community anchor institutions

Local match: $4.94 million pledged by Kandiyohi County

Total project cost: $9.87 million

Grantee: Frontier Communications

Award: $1.02 million

Project area: Southeastern Kandiyohi County

Impact: 1,147 households, 7 businesses, 7 community anchor institutions

Local match: $1.01 million

Total project cost: $2.03 million

Grantee: Hiawatha Broadband Communications and RS Fiber

Award: $807,966

Project area: Northern and central Renville County

Impact: 193 households, 99 businesses, 3 community anchor institutions

Local match: $1.26 million

Total project cost: $2.07 million

___ (c)2017 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170112-YM-Kandiyohi-County-broadband-projects-receive-nearly-6-million-0112-20
170112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2017 West Central Tribune


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant aid is food and drink for companies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 225 words


BUSINESSES are being urged to bid for a share of £100,000 to boost the rural
economy and jobs.

Leicestershire County Council wants to support small companies working in the
food and drink and creative sectors.

The grants will be issued by the Leicestershire Rural Partnership and the
bidding deadline is July 10.

County cabinet member Pam Posnett, chairman of the rural partnership, praised
the input of small businesses. She said: "Small firms are the lifeblood of our
economy and I hope that rural businesses will take advantage of the grants, to
help them develop and grow. This is the second year we have run the grant
programme - last year we backed a series of schemes, including a garden centre
café, development of a new caravan site and expansion of business premises."

Rob Morton, proprietor of the Hallaton-based Bottle Kicking Cider Company,
received a grant last year. He said: "The assistance the Leicestershire Rural
Partnership has given us has been invaluable.

"We have been able to carry out our expansion plans with confidence, and we are
now in a position to fulfil our increased demand" ¦ For further information
concerning the rural business grants ring Peter McLaren on 0116 305 3910. You
can also download an application form and accompanying guidance notes by
emailing Peter or visiting: www.oakleaves.org.ukpeter.mclaren@leics.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRANT PLAN: Pam Posnett

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2013 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                The Cambs Times

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 213 words


FARMERS can discover how to access a £1million pot of business development
grants from the EU and Defra at a free event next week.



The event at the Widlfowl and Wetlands Centre in Welney is hosted by the Fens
Adventurers Programme and the RSPB's Fenland Farmland Bird Recovery Project.

The Rural Development Programme for England is a joint initiative between Defra
and the EU designed to safeguard and enhance the rural environment, improve the
competitiveness of the agricultural sector and foster competitive and
sustainable rural businesses.

Farming Minister Jim Paice said: "We're investing £1million in rural businesses
over the next 18 months through this group. The free event is an ideal place to
find out how to access this money and speak to the experts.

"A grant like this can really help to boost a farmer's income - increasing
competitiveness, improving land and helping a new business venture take off to a
bright future."

Mike Carter, Fens Adventurers Programme manager, will be at the event to explain
the requirements to apply for a grant.

The event takes place next Thursday, starting at 6.30pm. To book your place
contact Jane Staynesforth of Fens Adventurers on 01353 865030 or e-mail
jane.staynesforth@cambsacre.org.uk

Numbers are limited so early booking is advised.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

USDA money to fund 5 projects at MTC

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


May 13--MOULTRIE -- Shirley M. Sherrod, Georgia state director of the United
States Department of Agriculture Rural Development program, presented a
ceremonial big check for $545,951 to Tina Anderson, president of Moultrie
Technical College for five projects to benefit students in Colquitt, Tift,
Turner and Worth counties. The presentation was held May 7 at MTC's Tifton
campus.

"These projects are all good for the economy," Sherrod said. "These funds are
like seed money. They will improve the school's equipment and add a new
certificate program. They also provide an economic development specialist and a
mobile van to assist businesses and entrepreneurs."

As part of the USDA grant stipulations, Moultrie Tech will contribute $1,421,163
in matching funds to see the projects through to completion.

Projects receiving rural business enterprise grant funds are:

--$99,000 -- To construct an outdoor classroom to support a new diploma program
based at MTC's Tifton campus in wildlife and plantation management. This will be
a 1,300-square-foot facility to allow instructional programs to be conducted in
a natural environment, with easy access to equipment for hands-on instruction in
basic forestry, management, habitat maintenance and policy.

--$98,912 -- To develop a heavy equipment operator certification program for
local businesses and government.

--$96,070 -- To develop a mobile laboratory for technical assistance and
training with small electrical, plumbing, and heating/air conditioning
businesses. The unit can be moved to train students in pneumatics, hydraulics,
motor controls, pumps, industrial wiring, electronics and mechanical trainers.
At least six businesses are expected to use the lab every six months. Workers
can be trained on the job site during lunch or breaks and after hours.

--$61,357 -- To expand Moultrie Tech's economic development program through the
hiring of a specialist to coordinate training and certification and to fund an
electronic Small Business Center to target agribusinesses and small businesses
to provide information and links to state and federal agencies. Technical
assistance to existing and new businesses will be provided.

--The fifth project, for $190,612, is funded through the Distance Learning and
Telemedicine program. These funds will be used to purchase videoconference
equipment for a distance learning system that will link two campus sites and
four other technical college campuses so students in Colquitt, Turner and Worth
counties can earn degrees, diplomas and certificates.

USDA Rural Development offers loan and grant programs to stimulate the economy
and improve the quality of life in rural areas. Business programs are designed
to help prepare and train the workforce. The Distance Learning and Telemedicine
program was created to help rural communities access telecommunications,
computer networks and related advanced technologies to provide educational and
medical benefits.

For more information on Rural Development programs, visit
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ga.

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100513-GJ-USDA-money-to-fund-5-projects-at-MTC-0513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2010 The Moultrie Observer


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Ulster Star

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Rural businesses encouraged to avail of up to £50,000 in grant funding

BYLINE: Neill Cobain

LENGTH: 456  words


The application window for the Rural Business Investment Scheme is now open for
rural businesses in the local area to apply for grants from £30,000 to £50,000.

Rural Affairs Minister Michelle McIlveen said the scheme will provide
opportunities for rural businesses in Lisburn &Castlereagh and Belfast City
Council areas to create jobs and grow their businesses.

The scheme, delivered by Lagan Rural Partnership Local Action Group, provides
investment support for the creation and development of micro and small
enterprises (including farm diversification and private tourism businesses) in
rural areas.  Funding is available up to £30,000 for new rural business start-
ups and up to £50,000 for the expansion of existing rural businesses.

Minister Michelle McIIveen congratulated Crossen Engineering Ltd and McGreevy
Engineering Ltd, two precision engineering companies, along with KER Graphics
Ltd, a self-adhesive label manufacturer, who each received a grant of £50,000
under the first call for grant aid in summer 2016.

She said: "I am delighted to visit three rural businesses today and I take great
encouragement that the funding these companies have received through the Rural
Business Investment Scheme has the potential to create up to 13 new jobs across
each company.

"This demonstrates what the grant funding can do for businesses and how it can
assist with their growth plans.

"The benefits are clear and I am urging rural businesses based in Lisburn &
Castlereagh City Council and rural Belfast City Council to consider applying to
the next round of the Rural Business Investment Scheme and, if successful, reap
the rewards."

Public information sessions for the Rural Business Investment Scheme will be
held in Belfast and Lisburn & Castlereagh council areas, details of which are as
follows:

Wednesday, February 8

Location: Cherry Room, Lisburn & Castlereagh City Council, Island Civic Centre,
Lisburn (Business Breakfast)

Time: 8.00am - 10.00am

Wednesday, February 8

Location: Dance Studio, Moneyreagh Community Centre, Moneyreagh

Time: 7.00pm - 9.00pm

Monday, February 13

Location: Meeting Room 1, Cregagh Youth & Community Centre, Belfast. Time:
12.00pm - 2.00pm

Wednesday, February 15

Location: Main Hall, Hillsborough Scout & Community Hall, Hillsborough

Time: 7.00pm - 9.00pm

Tuesday, February 21

Location: Main Hall, St. Clare's Community Hall, Glenavy

Time: 7.00pm - 9.00pm

Monday, March 6

Location: Oak Room, Lisburn & Castlereagh City Council, Island Civic Centre,
Lisburn

Time: 6.00pm - 8.00pm

To reserve a place on any of the public information sessions or to request an
application form please contact Melissa Cunningham (Lisburn & Castlereagh
Council) on 028 9250 9489 or via email at:
melissa.cunningham@lisburncastlereagh.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INUS


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

HUD Announces Key Grants to Help Arkansas's Small Businesses, Provide Emergency
Construction Funds

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative French Hill, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) formally awarded $1.5
million to boost economic development in the Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. This funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative.

"America's economy is fueled by small businesses, and when those businesses are
unable to access the capital needed to grow and expand, our states and local
communities feel the effects. Our CDFIs in Arkansas serve a vital role,
providing small and local businesses with loans--often microloans--tailored to
meet their specific needs while strengthening their local towns," said
Congressman French Hill.

Included in the $1.5 million award was $250,000 for Southern Bancorp Capital
Partners (SBCP). SBCP is a Little Rock-based community development financial
institution (CDFI) that aids economic development in rural areas.

"We are grateful to both the Delta Regional Authority and HUD for their
partnership in creating new economic opportunities in the rural Delta. Our
organization, a § 501(c)(3) U.S. Treasury-certified CDFI, has been supporting
Delta entrepreneurs through small business training and lending for over 25
years, which means we have seen firsthand the challenges faced by businesses
needing to raise capital. The investment by the Delta Community Capital
Initiative will be a great tool for empowering rural entrepreneurs and
stimulating growth in the Delta," said SBCP CEO Dominik Mjarten.

HUD also announced a grant of $3,333,442 to the Searcy Housing Authority for the
replacement of the sewer and plumbing lines at Searcy Apartments.

"The Searcy Apartments have experienced severe infrastructure problems over the
past several years, and this grant will help ensure necessary repairs are made
to protect the health and safety of those who reside in the community." said
Hill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Harkin Announces More Than $340,000 for Rural Development Projects Across Iowa

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Harkin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator Tom Harkin (D-IA) today announced that a total of $345,000 will be
coming to seven Iowa cities, businesses, and institutions from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG)
program for rural development projects across the state. Harkin is a senior
member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and the Appropriations subcommittee
that funds these initiatives.

"In rural America, small investments in local businesses have a big impact,"
said Harkin. "Investing in rural projects helps Iowa's smaller communities
harness the potential to grow and create new jobs and opportunities."

The RBEG program provides grants for rural projects that finance and facilitate
development of small and emerging rural businesses, help fund distance learning
networks, and help fund employment related adult education programs.

Details of the funding are below.

City of Calmar- $21,000 to provide technical assistance by employing an economic
development contractual specialist to assist local existing businesses,
prospective businesses, and further developments for the community of Calmar in
collaboration with Northeast Iowa Community College and the Calmar Economic
Development Group.
    City of West Union- $79,500 to create a revolving loan fund to assist small
and emerging businesses within the City.
    Estherville Industrial Development- $50,000 to establish a revolving loan
fund to provide financial assistance to small and emerging private business
enterprises.  The initial loan will provide financial assistance for building
improvements to "Estherville's 2nd Floor Entrepreneurial Neighborhood."
    Iowa League of RC&Ds, Inc.-$43,470 to provide technical assistance and
training to small and emerging businesses from 34 small communities and Native
American settlements in Allamakee, Appanoose, Clayton, Davis, Fayette, Lee,
Pottawattamie, Tama, and Van Buren counties.
    Tenco Industries, Inc.- $70,000 to assist in the purchase of equipment
associated with the 4-bay hydroponic greenhouse in rural Wapello County.  Once
completed, this facility will provide paid vocational opportunities for 10
disabled individuals at any one time - and through their system of rotating work
opportunities, 80 people with disabilities will participate in any given year.
    Warren County Economic Development Corporation- $45,530 to establish a
revolving loan fund to provide financial assistance to small and emerging
private business enterprises in Warren County.
    Winneshiek County Development, Inc. - $35,500 to fund a technical assistance
outreach program to help small and emerging businesses within Northeast Iowa.
Assistance will include an array of consulting services and workshops aimed at
improving the small business economy.


For further information please visit: http://www.harkin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            January 26, 2014 Sunday

Youth urged to take part in business challenge

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 209 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak has called upon young
entrepreneurs to show their mettle and participate in the 2014 Rural Business
Challenge.

In a tweet yesterday, Najib said young entrepreneurs stood a chance to win up to
RM2 million in business grants from the competition, which was first held in
2012.

"Business grants will be offered to young entrepreneurs in the Rural Business
Challenge.

"Let's take up this challenge," he said.

It was reported that this year's competition, which aims to expose and expand
the businesses of young entrepreneurs in the rural areas, would begin on April
1.

Rural and Regional Development Minister Datuk Seri Shafie Apdal said RM20
million had been received from the Finance Ministry to implement the
competition.

He said he was confident that the competition would create a chain reaction
where the winners could create job opportunities for youth in rural areas.

Twenty entrepreneurs won business grants of between RM300,000 and RM2 million to
expand their businesses last year.

The prime minister, when he unveiled the 2014 Budget last year, said the
government had allocated RM20 million for the competition to encourage
entrepreneurship among the rural community and to increase their income.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 20, 2010 Sunday

Officials urge cities to apply for grants

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Jun. 20--RAYMONDVILLE -- Federal and state agriculture officials are urging
cities, counties, school districts and businesses to apply for grants and loans
through a rural economic development program.

U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman Jake Sheeran said the federal agency
helps farmers and ranchers who cannot get loans elsewhere, but USDA Rural
Development does much more than that.

The program can finance roads, water and sewer projects and education centers
and could help Willacy County renovate its aging courthouse.

"You have to apply," he told local officials gathered at the Raymondville
Historical Museum for

an economic summit this past week.

During the summit, federal officials announced a $270,000 USDA grant for the
city of Raymondville to support a business incubator that will provide
educational instruction and job training.

Equipment, furnishings and other costs to begin the program will be financed by
the grant.

Texas Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples told the local government leaders,
farmers, ranchers and business owners they can play a key role in putting
government funding to work to stimulate rural areas.

"You understand on a daily basis what it means and what it takes to move your
economy forward, to compete for jobs and create a better life for your
citizens," Staples said, adding that the programs are more important now than
ever.

Promoting higher education is a key part of stimulating the economy, Staples
said.

He said he is dismayed that 46 percent of Texas high school graduates don't
pursue a four-year college degree.

For some youth, community colleges and technical schools are a good place to
start, if they aren't ready to enter a four-year university, he said.

Adults can lead by example, Staples said.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100620-HR-Officials-urge-cities-to-apply-for-grants-0620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2010 Valley Morning Star


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

USDA opportunities for NM projects

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner We are at a critical juncture in New Mexico's history
as we approach our Centennial in 2012. Of great concern to us all should be how
our rural communities will fare over the next 100 years. Will they continue to
struggle or will we mak

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 737 words


Before us lies an extraordinary opportunity, through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009 (also known as the Stimulus), to make immediate and
necessary investments in our rural communities.

The United States Department of Agriculture New Mexico Rural Development office
saw funding increases in many of its programs as a result of the Stimulus. USDA
Rural Development in New Mexico almost tripled its regular programmatic spending
for dozens of new projects in fiscal year 2009 to $354 million. We hope to have
another banner year in FY 2010 before the Stimulus expires in September.

As we see tight budgets at the state and local level in New Mexico there is no
better time for New Mexico's communities to consider USDA funding for their
projects. USDA Rural Development offers programs in three areas: Community
Development, Business and Housing.

Businesses and value added agricultural producers in New Mexico communities with
a population less than 50,000 are eligible for our Business Programs. Most types
of new or existing enterprises qualify -manufacturing, wholesale, retail or
service. We offer up to a 90% loan guarantee for bankable projects as large as
$10 million and can provide smaller guarantees on proposals as high as $25
million. It is our goal to guarantee at least $29 million in business loan
guarantees around New Mexico this fiscal year.

We also offer programs to help businesses and agricultural producers save on
energy costs. Our Renewable Energy for America program allows USDA to cover 25%
of any renewable energy or energy efficiency project for a rural business or an
ag producer. If your farm or business hopes to install a new water heater,
upgrade swamp coolers or even take advantage of solar, wind power or bio-diesel;
USDA would like to help with that investment.

For those producers that add value to an agricultural product, we provide up to
$100,000 in grant funding for planning costs and up to $300,000 for working
capital. Value added projects can include a wide variety of efforts such as
turning tomatoes into salsa, carving wood products, and making a popcorn product
from locally-grown corn.

On the community side, the stimulus program enhanced greatly our ability to loan
and grant to communities less than 20,000 in population for community
facilities. USDA Rural Development can invest in community facilities, such as:
health care facilities, community centers, libraries, roads, emergency services,
and community greenhouses -- just to name a few.

Water and Wastewater infrastructure is of tremendous importance to rural
communities in our state. In communities under 10,000, USDA offers loans and
grants to help with water and wastewater systems. Hundreds of New Mexico
communities have participated in this program over the years and we are prepared
to help many more.

To be competitive and innovative, rural communities need access to modern
telecommunications. The stimulus set aside billions to increase broadband access
in rural America and USDA Rural Development spent $199 million alone in rural
New Mexico last year for broadband and telecommunications infrastructure. Not
only do we invest in the first, middle and last mile of telecommunications
infrastructure but we are very interested in supporting distance learning,
telemedicine and other efforts that connect rural communities to the power of
the internet.

When we talk about the sustainability of our rural communities, nothing says
sustainability more than providing families the ability to make their home in
rural New Mexico. In communities under 10,000, USDA provides home loans, home
loan guarantees and grants for the construction, purchase or renovation of a
home. More than 6,500 New Mexicans currently use our housing programs.

This is just a sample of the many programs USDA Rural Development has to offer.
The Stimulus presents New Mexico with unprecedented opportunities to improve the
quality of life in rural New Mexico and give rural communities the tools they
need to prosper. The time to act is now, while federal agencies like the USDA
have the resources to make more investments than ever. If you are interested in
any of these programs, I hope you will contact the USDA Rural Development office
in New Mexico at (505) 761-4950.

Terry Brunner was appointed by President Barack Obama on September 3, 2009 to
serve at State Director for the New Mexico Office of USDA Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Peterborough Evening Telegraph

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

The answer is blowing in the wind

BYLINE: John Kralevich

LENGTH: 328 words



HIGHLIGHT: THERE has never been a better time for farmers to consider harnessing
the power of the wind, according to renewable energy specialists at city firm
Carter Jonas.


It follows the lifting of funding restrictions on grants from 50 per cent to 100
per cent on projects which qualify for funding under the Rural Development
Programme for England (RDPE),

The RDPE - which is administered in this region by the East of England
Development Agency (EEDA) - can fund small-scale diversification and business
development projects, including those in the renewables sector, for the benefit
of rural businesses.

As more small-scale commercial interests look to the wind  to generate power,
single wind turbines on farms and rural developments are becoming more popular -
and installing a small wind development scheme can help rural businesses offset
their energy costs.

Individual turbines appropriate for farm use can range from 5kw to up to 50kw,
depending on the property's electricity demand.

A standard small wind turbine will typically generate between 20,000kw and
35,000kw on a moderate wind speed site and costs approximately £45,000,
including foundations.

Grants schemes available could reduce this to approximately £25,000 for a
turbine which has the potential to generate annual income or savings of £3,500
to £6,000 yearly, resulting in payback periods of as little as five and a half
years.

Renewable energy and rural property specialists at Carter Jonas in Peterborough
are already working with clients to locate suitable sites and provide advice on
turbine siting and grid connections, as well as feasibility studies and planning
and grant advice.

Nick Barber, of Carter Jonas in Peterborough, commented:

"On-farm energy generation for self-sufficiency or for selling on to an energy
provider is really gaining momentum, and it's something that the current grants
regime supports.

"The process for selling electricity and qualifying for Renewable Obligation
Certificates (ROCs) - which then get sold on to energy providers - and sourcing
grant finance can be quite complicated.

"It's daunting but do-able with the right professional advice."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PET


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Burnley Express

                                  May 17, 2006

Grant boost for schemes to help rural recovery

SOURCE: Burnley Express

LENGTH: 304 words


FOUR Ribble Valley schemes have benefited from grants totalling £141,900.


* A £40,000 grant has enabled Kevin Crook to convert a former public house in
Wellgate, Clitheroe into eight small retail/office lets.


* The redundant Royal Mail Sorting Office in King Street has been transformed
into a wine bar and cafe through a £43,500 grant.


* Middlesteading Barn, Downham has been converted into work space for a new
crafts business thanks to a £2,900 grant.


* And a £55,000 grant has enabled Philip and Louise Edge to convert buildings on
the A59 near Clayton-le-Dale into a series of small lets for light industrial
use.


The grants have been made via Lancashire County Council's economic development
department and the Lancashire Rural Recovery Action Plan.


The schemes are among a number aimed at creating jobs through new build or
refurbishment under the Rural Small Buildings Scheme (Lancashire).


Chairman of Lancashire County Developments Ltd, County Coun. Niki Penney met
representatives of the businesses involved and officers from the Rural Recovery
team when she handed over plaques commemorating the completion of these
projects.


Bespoke furniture maker Paul Case is now creating designer pieces at
Middlesteading which featured in the TV series Born and Bred as "Jean's Yard".


The Rural Small Buildings Scheme received £250,000 of funding from the
Lancashire Rural Recovery Action Plan supported by the Northwest Regional
Development Agency.


Said County Coun. Penney: "All of these projects in the Ribble Valley are aimed
at increasing jobs and prosperity for the local economy. The new premises will
allow people to diversify and create jobs in this traditionally rural area of
Lancashire that are not reliant on farming.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Eastern Daily Press

                               September 23, 2003

Easton College has become a champion for rural businesses in response to the
problems facing the agricultural sector. STEVE COX explains the college's
expanding role and reports on one of the rural businesses it has helped.

BYLINE: SUTTON

SECTION: FIN

LENGTH: 1053 words


Easton College has become a champion for rural businesses in response to the
problems facing the agricultural sector. STEVE COX explains the college's
expanding role and reports on one of the rural businesses it has helped.

Tough times for the farming industry have brought about a transformation at
Norfolk's agricultural college.

In addition to its traditional role of teaching agricultural students, Easton
College is now helping hundreds of hard-pressed farmers beef up their dwindling
incomes and is expanding its own activities to ensure there are jobs for its
students when they graduate.

The college, at Easton, near Norwich, has taken a leading role in the Norfolk
Rural Business Advice Service (NRBAS) since it started operations in 2000.

In less than three years, the service set up at Easton to "prepare Norfolk
farming and other rural businesses to embrace change" has helped 339 rural
businesses in projects ranging from tourism to worm breeding.

It has helped secure grants of nearly £1m, saved or created 50 jobs, and expects
to handle more than 200 new inquiries this year.

Over the same period it has grown from having a single adviser to a team of six
and has met with enough success to ensure that the Eastern Counties' Department
for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) budget had to be topped up with
more government funds.

In the realisation that many schemes do not fall within the college's
traditional agricultural remit, Easton aims to introduce new courses to meet new
demand.

Principal David Lawrence said much of the service's success was down to a
decision by the college and its NRBAS partners to broaden its approach by
providing advice on rural issues to local authorities and planners as well as
farmers.

The policy had been "a key element in removing hurdles to effective
diversification". Widening the scope of college courses would be a further
advance.

Mr Lawrence said: "Diversification is as much an issue for ourselves, the
district councils and county council as it is purely for helping
farmers."Colleges like ours are looking to take a larger role than just
teaching. Teaching students is our core business but this is equally as
important to us; if there isn't an industry there isn't any teaching to do."We
have to enhance the economic development of the wider community and that fits
well with all the other things like helping students to achieve."I have been
nagging for a form of training and courses which are about running this sort of
rural business but it's all going to be done using case studies of people we
have helped, using the advisers that have been helping businesses, assisted by
the college in terms of getting the quality of the training and the materials
right."

NRBAS has developed a website with TMS Media of Yarmouth to act as a noticeboard
for partners and pointing out what grants and services are available.

NRBAS arose out of Shaping the Future, the economic development partnership for
Norfolk.

It is a partnership between Business Link for Norfolk, Norfolk County Council,
Breckland Council, North Norfolk District Council, West Norfolk Council,
Yarmouth Borough Council, South Norfolk Council, Broadland District Council,
Easton College, the East of England Development Agency and the National Farmers'
Union. It is funded by Defra and is free to qualifying farmers.

NRBAS also incorporates work undertaken by the regional Agricultural Development
Eastern Region (ADER) project.

- For further information, contact Craig Smith at Easton College on 01603
731200. The website is www.ruraladvice.co.uk.

Farmer's idea turned into reality

Farmer Stuart Gooderham enlisted the help of the Norfolk Rural Business Advice
Service in the autumn of 2001 when he decided to take the diversification route.

His plan was to convert a redundant farm building into a quality farm shop at
French's Farm, Pulham Market, near Diss.

He felt that although sales of his own pork, as well as strawberries and
asparagus in the summer, were going well, he needed dedicated premises.

There were no other facilities locally, so a gap in the market was identified.
Planning permission had already been granted so the project could go ahead.

After initial meetings to discuss project details, a three-year budget was drawn
up. Market research had shown what levels of output should be achievable taking
into account competition, location and product range. Local food was to be the
shop's main theme with as much food sourced from the region as possible.

Once the budget showed that the project was viable, grant assistance was
explored and an application submitted to the East of England Development Agency
for a redundant farm building grant.

The grant offers a 25pc contribution towards builder's costs and professional
fees, the application process is relatively straightforward, and the result is
known within six to eight weeks.

The application a success, building work started in the early summer and Goodies
Farm Shop was fitted out and open for business by November.

During the building work, a business start-up loan from the local district
council proved a great help with cashflow as no repayments are required for 12
months. The loan is cleared over the following year.

Phase Two of the project was a tearoom within the farm shop and, as no
additional planning consent was required, work started immediately on preparing
a business plan and grant application to Defra under the Rural Enterprise
Scheme.

The business plan was prepared over several meetings with Mr Gooderham and the
application, backed up by support from customers and trade organisations,
submitted. Defra agreed to grant aid the fitting out of the coffee shop and work
started.

By co-operation between farmer and adviser, the setting of a clear and workable
timetable for work, and successful use of different sources of funding, an idea
thought of by Mr Gooderham some two years ago, has now been brought to life.

Mr Gooderham was delighted with the help he received in turning his ideas into a
reality and the shop is thriving.

He said: "I am a farmer, born and bred, and paperwork is not one of my strong
points. They helped me enormously with the business plan and everything like
that. I couldn't have done it without them."


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

                   © Copyright 2003 Eastern Daily Press (EDP)


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Funding Availabilities: Rural Energy for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year
2017

LENGTH: 7781  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP have two
types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.





 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.



 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

 Dates



 See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section.

 For Further Information Contact



 The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan
and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202)
401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 I. Program Description



 The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural producers and
rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and helps meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1)
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2)
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.



 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements.
Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar,
renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean,
geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources.



 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.



 A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any time throughout the
year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates that applications have
to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act
of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from
the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017 for grants, guaranteed
loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install
renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and for
grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy development assistance.



 The administrative requirements in effect at the time the application window
closes for a competition will be applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. In addition to the
other provisions of this Notice:



 (1) The provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each
funding type described in this Notice.



 (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.



 (3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.



 (4) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects.



 (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

 II. Federal Award Information



 A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.



 B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.



 C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill and
any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional enactment of
a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being published
prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY
2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under this
announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be
announced on the following Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural
-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-systems-energy-efficiency, and are
subject to the same provisions in this Notice.



 To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30,
2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant-funds.
There will be allocations of grant funds to each Rural Development State Office
for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements applications. The
State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds
and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements applications for either grants of
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds.



 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined grant
and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of funds available for combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications are outlined in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2)
of this Notice.



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory
funds and will be maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these
funds will take place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be
moved to the renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in
any of the renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions.



 D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.



 E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

 III. Eligibility Information



 The eligibility requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project
(as applicable) are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized
in this Notice. Failure to meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met.



 A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.



 B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.



 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.



 D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. Additional clarification is
provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1) through (3).



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements funding.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only.



 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate
that the grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition
of providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended
practice for on farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers,
and farmers is the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers
S612 Level II audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the
Natural Resource Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or
more grants under this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7
CFR 4280.100, which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of
50 percent or more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be
considered eligible for subsequent funding.



 E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that contain other compliance
requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1) through (3), and IV.F of this
Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in violation of applicable Federal
statutes will be ineligible.

 IV. Application and Submission Information



 A. Address to Request Application Package. Application materials may be
obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov.



 B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
application.



 (a) Information for the required content of a grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.



 (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.



 (ii) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.



 (iii) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.



 (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.190.



 (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.



 (i) Applicants submitting a grant application as a hard copy must submit one
original to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in
which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (ii) Applicants submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov
(Web site) will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the Web site, and may download a copy of the application package to
complete it off line, upload and submit the completed application, including all
necessary assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a
www.grants.gov tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through www.grants.gov.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.122 (a) through (h)
for the grant agreement to be executed.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
application.



 (a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to
be considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137.



 (b) All guaranteed loan applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note
guarantee as outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142.



 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
guaranteed loan and grant application.



 (a) Information for the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and
grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c).



 (b) All combined guaranteed loan and grant application applications must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator
in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and
certifications, specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137,
as applicable, for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee.



 (4) Energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications.



 (a) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance must provide the information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be
considered a complete application.



 (b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the grant
agreement to be executed.



 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number and System for
Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who
have an exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d),
are required to:



 (a) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application; which can be
obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
fedgov.dnb.com /webform.



 (b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application.



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency.



 (d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.



 C. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for
appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY
2017, may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application
window closes, the next application window opens on the following day. This
Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in
order to be considered for funding. If an application window falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application package is due the next
business day. An application received after these dates will be considered with
other applications received in the next application window. In order to be
considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must be received
by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via www.grants.gov.
The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for funding in
Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also summarized in
a table at the end of this section:



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are:



 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the  "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than:



 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or



 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31, 2017.



 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31, 2017.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received, with periodic competitions.



 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time
on January 31, 2017.

 &emsp; Application    Application window opening dates    Application window
closing dates

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for up to approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds)    May
3, 2016    October 31, 2016.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for the remaining set aside funds)    November 1, 2016    March
31, 2017&thinsp;*.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)    May 3,
2016    March 31, 2017&thinsp;*.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Guaranteed Loans
Continuous application cycle    Continuous application cycle.

 Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants    February 2,
2016    January 31, 2017.



 D. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.



 E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements projects.



 (a) Applicants can be awarded only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement grant in Federal FY 2017.



 (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants, the minimum
grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.



 (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.



 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this
Notice contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed
loan will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.



 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.



 (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for Federal FY 2017
funds.



 (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017.



 (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.



 (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvements, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.



 F. Other Submission Requirements.



 (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970. Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time.



 (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
"Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants." Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants." Both forms can be
found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.



 (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through www.grants.gov at a later
date.



 (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements to receive funding.



 (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. However, failure to
furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State Director and
Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice.

 V. Application Review Information



 A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, the application
dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice identify the times and dates by
which complete applications must be received in order to compete for the funds
available.



 (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements grant applications are eligible to compete in competitions as
described in 7 CFR 4280.121.



 (a) Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications requesting $20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(b).



 (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications, regardless of the amount of funding requested are eligible to
compete in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a).



 (2) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a).



 (3) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined
guaranteed loan and grant applications. Complete combined guaranteed loan and
grant applications are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal
FY--a State competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR
4280.121(a).



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants applications are eligible to compete in one national competition per
Federal FY as described in 7 CFR 4280.193.



 B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the Notice.



 (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete application date
is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information that allows the
Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete the application
for funding.



 (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants
of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the States. Eligible applications must
be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1, 2017, in order to be considered for
these set-aside funds. Approximately 50 percent of these funds will be made
available for those complete applications the Agency receives by October 31,
2016, and approximately 50 percent of the funds for those complete applications
the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All unused State allocated funds for grants
of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.



 (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less, that are not
funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete
against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other States at a national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2017.



 (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding request, received by May
1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds. Unrestricted grant funds will
be allocated to the States. All unused State allocated unrestricted grant funds
will be pooled to the National Office.



 (d) National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.



 (2) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135
and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National
Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed
when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's underwriting
requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete
in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded
eligible guaranteed loan-only applications received that do not score at least
50 points will be competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from
other States at a final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves
have not been completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after
the final guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to
utilize budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications.



 (3) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7
CFR 4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only
applications for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is
ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will
request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve,
and no further competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications
for combined grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1,
2017, and that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the
National Office to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from other States at a final national competition.



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193. Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grant funds will be maintained in a reserve at the National Office.
Applications received by January 31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national
competition, based on the scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.



 C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017:



 (1) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved
or under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met:



 (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; or



 (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.



 (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for applications that further a Presidential
initiative, or a Secretary of Agriculture priority to receive additional points
including:



 (a) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most
recent 5-year American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community
(village, town, city, or Census Designated Place) with a median household income
of 60 percent or less of the State's non-metropolitan median household income.
This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of
its funding to these areas of need; and



 (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.



 D. Other Submission Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via www.
grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice.



 (1) Insufficient funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of
an application:



 (a) For State allocated funds:



 (i) The applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or
submit the total request for National Office reserve funds available after
pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must
certify that the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining
total funds needed to complete the project.



 (ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.



 (b) The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the
grant request.



 (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which this is
the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting grants of
over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the applicant
must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their grant
application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.



 (ii) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible
to compete in one or more additional competitions after the national
competition, the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining
funds or have their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the
applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the
purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed
to complete the project.



 (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will notify the
applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or be
notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.



 (iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.



 (2) Award considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary
basis. In determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the
six criteria specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.




 (3) Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all
applicants will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding
determination of the application.

 VI. Federal Award Administration Information



 A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.



 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.



 (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.



 (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.



 (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.



 (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.



 (5) Reporting. Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and
grants, and energy audit and energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants that are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting
requirements as specified in Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and
in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this
Notice.



 (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.123.



 (b) Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143.



 (c) Combined guaranteed loan and grant applications that are awarded are
required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.165(f).



 (d) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants grant
applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements
as specified in 7 CFR 4280.196.

 VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 For further information contact the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan
and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6866, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202)
401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov

 VIII. Other Information

 A. Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

 B. Nondiscrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any USDA
office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter
containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed
complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: October 12, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed 10-17-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Stour and Avon Magazine

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Learn about LEADER grants for community and rural business

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 302  words


Bookings are now open for February and March LEADER Grant meetings.

Leader grants from £5,000 to £140,000 are available for rural businesses and
community organisations across Dorset. They are distributed by the Southern and
Northern Dorset Local Action Groups (LAGs).

LEADER grants are designed to support rural businesses, the rural economy and
create jobs. Alongside local strategic priorities, to be eligible for a grant
projects must contribute to one or more of LEADER's six national priority areas.

They must:

support micro and small businesses and farm diversification,

or support rural tourism,

or support increased farm productivity,

or support increased forestry productivity,

or support rural services,

or support cultural and heritage activities.

LEADER grants can fund a wide range of projects, such as those to: buy equipment
or construct premises to help new or existing businesses grow in a rural area;
help a farm business diversify into new activities; buy equipment to improve
woodland management or develop new products; introduce new technology onto farms
to increase productivity; enhance community and cultural facilities; support
tourism providers and rural communities provide year round visitor activities
and better access to some of our special places.

To talk through a project idea or develop your application you can see the
Dorset LEADER team at one of their 'surgeries'. These will be held at:

The Hub, in Verwood on 2nd February.

Wareham Library on 10th February.

Sunrise Business Park, Blandford 16th March.

Surgery meetings of 30 minute and one hour are available from 10am to 4pm but
space is limited, so you need to book a place. To find out more and to book a
place phone Emily Greaves at 01305 225525.

Find out more about the opportunities from LEADER funding at
www.dorsetleader.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alaska Environmental Contracting Ltd of Wareham used their £79,000
LEADER grant from Southern Dorset LAG to purchase new machinery. This will help
expand the business and create a new skilled full-time job.
Photograph by Will Bond

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 16, 2004 Thursday

Ten OK companies to receives USDA grants

BYLINE: Journal Record staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Ten Oklahoma companies will receive grants totaling $231,783 from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Office of Rural Development.

The grants were announced by U.S. Sen. James M. Inhofe, chairman of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee.

"These economic development grants help Oklahomans expand our local businesses
which are at the heart of our great state," said Inhofe, R-Okla.

The grants were awarded through the Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements program, created to assist farmers, ranchers, and rural
small businesses develop renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements to their operations.

Four of the 10 Oklahoma businesses approved for the grants are from Cherokee
County - Mutzig Inc., $2,549; Felts Plaza Inc., $45,125; Tiner and Co. LLC,
$16,045; and Mutzig Jewelers, known as Meigs Fine Jewelry, $3,985.

The other six companies are Superior Fabrication Inc., Beckham County, $6,387;
Gordon White Lumber Co., Garvin County, $4,433; COD Heating and Air
Conditioning, Noble County, $4,432; Intervest Development Limited Partnership,
Pottawatomie County, $59,055; Old Wishing Well Antique Mall, Pottawatomie
County, $7,381; and Value Added Products, Woods County, $82,391.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Lakelander (Whitney, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 2, 2011

Grants and loans available for energy efficiency projects

BYLINE: The Lakelander staff

LENGTH: 521  words


BRYAN - Renewable energy and energy efficiency systems provide a significant
opportunity for rural economic development and growth. These opportunities
include increasing local revenue, bolstering the local job market and increasing
the economic yield of land. As many U.S. farmers have discovered, renewable
energy is the new cash crop of the 21st century.

Energy efficiency improvements are a useful tool for increasing farm or business
productivity while reducing costs. By investing in energy efficient equipment,
agricultural producers and rural small businesses can enjoy savings and
increased reliability for years to come.

As part of the 2008 Farm Bill, Congress passed the Rural Energy for American
Program (REAP). This program provides financial assistance in the form of grants
and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to
purchase renewable energy systems or make energy efficiency improvements.

Grants can fund up to 25% of a project's total eligible costs, and are limited
to $500, 000 for renewable energy projects or $250, 000 for energy efficiency
improvements. Grants as low as $2, 500 for renewable energy projects will be
considered.

Guaranteed loans can fund up to 75% of a project's total eligible costs, with a
minimum of $5, 000 and a maximum of $25 million.

The program is designed to assist agricultural producers and rural small
businesses that demonstrate financial need. All agricultural producers,
including farmers and ranchers, who derive 50% or more of their gross income
from agricultural operations are eligible. Businesses in a rural area which meet
the Small Business Administration size standards can also invited to apply. A
private entity, a rural utility, and rural electric cooperatives are typically
eligible, however non-profit and public bodies are not eligible.

Projects such as retrofitting lighting or insulation, purchasing or replacing
equipment, replacing older HVAC systems with more efficient units are eligible.
Energy efficiency improvements in new building construction are typically not
eligible. Eligible renewable energy projects include projects that produce
energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, and hydrogen-based sources. The
project can produce any form of energy; including heat, electricity or fuel.

More specific details are available on the USDA Section 9007 web site which can
be found at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Energy.html. Applications are submitted
to the USDA Renewable Energy Coordinator. If you submit your application early,
the USDA state contact can often let you know if information is incomplete or
missing. That will give you an opportunity to add information before the
deadline. The deadline will be listed in the Federal Register or websites listed
in this article.

For further information on the application process, including forms and
technology-specific project guidance, go to
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/section_9007.htm. Interested parties may also
contact the USDA Rural Development Area Office in Hillsboro at 254-582-7328,
extension 4 or visit the office which is located at 1502 Highway 77 North.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Lakelander


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

Rural Businesses Are Urged To Take Advantage Of Extra Funds

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: A; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 539 words


RURAL businesses are being urged to take advantage of increased funding to help
set up new enterprises during the recession.

Environment Secretary Hilary Benn's decision to allow Regional Development
Agencies such as One North East to raise the grant funding available for farm
diversification and rural business start-ups has led to a surge of interest in
the North East.

Under the new terms, some schemes will be entitled to a 100% rather than 50%
grant to cover the cost of their enterprise.

Strutt & Parker's farm business consultancy says inquiries about grant aid have
increased by around 35% since Mr Benn's announcement at the start of the month.

Morpeth farm business consultant  Ali Gray said: "Although the new measures
still requires EU approval, it is welcome news. Rural businesses are finding it
harder than ever to obtain the credit and finance from the commercial sector
required to match grant funding in order to get projects off the ground.

"In the week since the announcement our Northumberland team has taken several
calls about how best we can help farmers and landowners apply."

He said a number of thriving rural businesses in the county had already received
funding from this source to get them up and running, including The Barn at Beal
near Holy Island, the Country Barn at Widdrington and Sunnyhill Eggs at Detchant
near Belford.

Sunnyhill Eggs received a 40% grant last year to help reduce the food miles its
free range eggs travel to be processed and packaged.

The money allowed the business to install its own equipment rather than sending
the eggs on a 180-mile round trip to Scotland.

Mr Gray said: "Future Government legislation will phase out battery eggs and
consumer awareness following TV campaigns has driven the demand for free range.

"Sunnyhill Free Range Eggs are now produced, processed and marketed locally in
the North East thanks to the recent investment in a new processing and packing
facility at the farm.

"The Regional Development Agency, One North East, recognised the potential in
this business when Strutt & Parker took the proposal to them.  They gave the 40%
grant to allow the owners to build their own egg processing unit which means now
there are less food miles taking the eggs from farm to plate, improved shelf
life and the owners can concentrate on adding value  by marketing the eggs to
local retailers."

The National Beef Association is also urging livestock farmers to take advantage
of the scheme. It says  there is around £119m available for applications linked
to livestock projects submitted before 2013.

NBA chairman Thomas Everard said: "This money, which is being siphoned off
farmers' Single Farm Payment (SFP) through modulation, can be recouped by
farmers who put together projects which will improve their holding, add value to
their end product, help develop infrastructures for water conservation, or
assist with diversification.

"RDA grants cannot be used to fund projects which involve upgrading to meet
legislative requirements or standard industry practice but there are plenty of
areas for ambitious farmers to have a go at and the Association actively urges
them to do so."

The NBA says there is  around £119m available for applications linked to
livestock projects

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday

New jobs could be farmers' escape route

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 979 words


THE LEADER rural development scheme is part of the wealth creation which must
replace living off EU money, according to Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs
Minister   amon - Cuív.

"We must ask ourselves how long the money Ireland receives from Europe, in the
form of single farm payments, etc will last," he told members of the Joint
Committee on Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

"We need to have a debate on what is best for farmers and rural Ireland, and
must consider farm life in its totality. The majority of the people we represent
who are in agriculture are dependent on off-farm income. Therefore, we cannot
talk about them without looking at the totality of their lives, as if farming
was the beginning and end, or the only way out of the income dilemma they face.

"When the income crunch hits the majority of farm families, an extra EUR 1,000
in direct payment will not sort the problem. What has happened as a result of
the income crunch is that farmers or their spouses have walked off the land and
got jobs outside, whether it is a Rural Social Scheme job, or a commercial job.

"We are trying to create jobs with the LEADER scheme. If we do not create jobs,
we will block the biggest escape route used. Some 60% of farmers have off-farm
income now.

"It would be worthwhile teasing out those issues with the various organisations.
I have challenged farm organisations on the issue."

Meanwhile, he expects the LEADER programme will be open to applications for
grant assistance in late October.

It will offer funding of EUR 425 million, compared to EUR 150m for the 2000-06
LEADER scheme.

It is focused on the development of small rural businesses, services, recreation
and tourism. Sustainable development which will ensure prosperity for rural
areas is the aim.

Grant aid of EUR 16.6m is provided for diversification into non-agricultural
activities for farm families. These include the development of niche tourism and
educational services such as arts and crafts, speciality food provision, open
farms and so on.

Some EUR 48.26m is provided to support business creation and development.
Funding of EUR 45.4m is provided to encourage tourism activities.

Basic services for the economy and the rural population have been allocated EUR
49.61m, for measures such as the identification and provision of appropriate
cultural and leisure facilities for local communities that are not otherwise
available to them.

Village renewal and development have been allocated EUR 54.2m. Countryside
renewal is included, as are measures such as walkways along rivers, over
mountains etc.

A substantial allocation to farmers' markets is expected.

Conservation and upgrading of the rural heritage have been allocated EUR 51.7m.
This could include alternative or renewable energy actions. Other headings
include training and information on adapted and new skills, as well as the
implementation of co-operation projects and skills acquisition and animation,
which pertains to the development of capacity and so on. There is a focus on
developing information communication technology capabilities.

Every project must be approved by the end of 2013, but LEADER companies have
until the beginning of 2015 to make the claim and spend the money.

LEADER programme activities are 55% funded by the EU. Of the total public
funding, EUR 234m will come from the EU and just less than EUR 200m from the
Exchequer.

"Given that the grant often represents less than 50% of total outlay, with a
grant of EUR 150,000, for example, towards a EUR 500,000 project, we estimate
there will be investment of at least EUR 1 billion. The LEADER companies expect
that figure to be EUR 1.7bn but I prefer to err on the side of caution," said Mr
- Cuív.

"I want the funding open to help anybody who puts forward an eligible project.
If, however, I was asked the three themes or the strategic approach I wanted
taken, I would say rural recreation was first."

He sees rural tourism and niche production of high quality food as the other
most important areas, and also said it is crucial the programme focuses on
services that improve the quality of life in an area.

Maximum aid will be 50% generally, but 75% for community projects (if a project
does not discriminate against private interests or promoters in the same sphere
of activity), and up to 100% for administration, animation and training
programmes.

Aid can be up to 90% and 75% for analysis and development carried out, by
community-based projects and private promoters, respectively - subject in all
cases to a maximum of EUR 30,000 per project.

Whereas the usual maximum will be EUR 150,000, it will be EUR 200,000 in the
case of a focal community project.

And projects can be aided with up to EUR 500,000 in respect of a community
not-for-profit project, where certain community facilities are needed and a
grant of up to EUR 200,000 would not suffice.

Tourism accommodation can be grant aided at rates up to 50%, with a ceiling of
EUR 150,000.

"We are investigating the possibility of allowing some local authority funding
within EU rules," said Minister - Cuív.

Individual elements of a large project may qualify for LEADER funds.

Funded projects cannot have more than 10 staff members, because larger companies
are funded by the county enterprise boards.

The gateway and hub towns in Ireland's National Spatial Strategy are excluded
from LEADER funding.

If a company is located in the part of a hub town that elects a town council, it
will not be eligible for LEADER funding. This rules out funding inside the city
council boundaries of Dublin, Cork, Galway, Waterford and Limerick; the borough
council boundaries of Kilkenny, Sligo and Wexford; and the town council
boundaries of Athlone, Ballina, Castlebar, Cavan, Dundalk, Ennis, Killarney,
Letterkenny, Mallow, Monaghan, Mullingar, Tralee, Tuam and Tullamore.

For more information on LEADER, see the www.pobail.ie website.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Camp Verde Journal (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2014

USDA offers grants for rural nonprofits

BYLINE: The Camp Verde Journal staff

LENGTH: 275  words


Alan Stephens, Arizona state director for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development, is encouraging Arizona community development entities to submit
applications for USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative grants.

Nearly $6 million is available nationally for the grant program. The deadline
for submitting RCDI applications is Wednesday, Nov. 12.

The grants, which range from $50,000 to $250,000, are intended for qualified
intermediary organizations.

Those intermediaries will then use the funds to provide financial and technical
assistance to ultimate recipients so they can develop their capacity to
undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities or community
and economic development.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "These grants will
provide both of these components through local and regional organizations that
are experts at delivering such services."

Recipients must be nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grants. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

"This is a great opportunity for Arizona's rural areas to access grant funding
for community development," Stephens said.

For information on applying for the RCDI grant, contact USDA Rural Development
at (602) 280-8745.

"There was a real feeling of hope and prosperity. The government was shaping
up."

Deborah Strange

Former University Instructor in Kurdistan

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Camp Verde Journal


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Cottonwood Journal Extra (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2014

USDA offers grants for rural nonprofits

BYLINE: Cottonwood Journal Extra staff

LENGTH: 275  words


Alan Stephens, Arizona state director for U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development, is encouraging Arizona community development entities to submit
applications for USDA's Rural Community Development Initiative grants.

Nearly $6 million is available nationally for the grant program. The deadline
for submitting RCDI applications is Wednesday, Nov. 12.

The grants, which range from $50,000 to $250,000, are intended for qualified
intermediary organizations.

Those intermediaries will then use the funds to provide financial and technical
assistance to ultimate recipients so they can develop their capacity to
undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities or community
and economic development.

"Many rural nonprofits often need capital and technical assistance to carry out
their missions," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "These grants will
provide both of these components through local and regional organizations that
are experts at delivering such services."

Recipients must be nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities or
federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations are required to provide
matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grants. The grants do not go directly
to business recipients but rather through qualified intermediaries.

"This is a great opportunity for Arizona's rural areas to access grant funding
for community development," Stephens said.

For information on applying for the RCDI grant, contact USDA Rural Development
at (602) 280-8745.

"There was a real feeling of hope and prosperity. The government was shaping
up."

Deborah Strange

Former University Instructor in Kurdistan

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJX

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 Cottonwood Journal Extra


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Foundation receives $35,000 grant

BYLINE: St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 119 words


March 25--A $35,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant has been awarded to the
Heartland Foundation of St. Joseph, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development office.

The funds will be used to assist in the development and production of a book for
Heartland Foundation's new business, Think Ahead Works. The project will be used
for economic development purposes.

The foundation works with local, regional and national partners to promote
healthier communities.

The grant program is contained in the 2014 Farm Bill.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150325-JM-BRF-Foundation-receives-35,000-grant-0325-20150325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                            January 11, 2008 Friday

Grants available to help business in rural areas

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 180 words


Businesses in rural areas of Derbyshire are being encouraged to tap into a £48m
fund that has been made available by East Midlands Development Agency.

The money has come from the Rural Development Programme for England, an EU
initiative which aims to support rural businesses across the region until 2013.

The funding will be available to help both new and established businesses
develop and expand.

Andrew Morgan, skills and communities director at Emda, said: "The East Midlands
is the third most rural region in England, with around 1.2 million people living
and working in the countryside.

"This funding will make a real difference to those communities and Emda is
looking forward to working with our partners to help our rural economies
flourish."

Under the programme, an additional £12m is being made available for local groups
- made up of the private sector, sub-regional partnerships, local authorities
and others.

To apply for a grant, applicants are invited to submit an expression of interest
by visiting www.emda.org. uk/rdpe, e-mailing rdpe@emd.org.uk or calling 0115 947
1797.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 15, 2012

Rock Rapids receiving money

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 312  words


ROCK RAPIDS The United States Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, has
allocated some money for two northwest lowa towns. Money that it says will
support job creation efforts, business development and strengthen economic
growth in rural communities. Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program (REDLG), which provides
zero-interest loans to local utilities which they, in turn, pass through to
local businesses (ultimate recipients) for projects that will create and retain
employment in rural areas. Rock Rapids Municipal Utilities is being given a
$300,000 grant. The funds will be used to provide grants to rural utilities
program borrowers to provide economic development. This project provides support
to Rock Rapids Municipal Utilities who will add $60,000 match to create a
$360,000 revolving loan fund. The revolving loan fund will first make a loan to
Rock Rapids Area Development Foundation which will construct a 15 to 20-thousand
square foot spec building in Rock Rapids. This project is expected to create up
to 20 jobs. Rock Rapids Economic Development Director John Hulsolf tells us
about the building.

Hulsolf says the exact location is not known, but the spec building will be in
the same industrial park with Hog Slat, Incorporated and TNT Carports. He says
it should be done by late summer 2013 if they can use existing infrastructure.
If not, he says it may be late fall. Hulsolf says the area is zoned heavy
industrial, so they do have some flexibility with what kind of business they
hope to attract. He says they're also hoping to do some more due diligence and
find out what kind of a facility is needed by today's manufacturers. Hulsolf
says as the loan is paid back, the funds go back into the revolving loan
fund.This will be the second such building funded by a USDA funded revolving
loan fund.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Lyon County Reporter


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Management and Program Analyst DC-2014-0105

LENGTH: 2525  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Management and Program Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0105
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Thursday, October 2, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0343-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted from current career/career-conditional Rural
Development (RD) employees with competitive status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Cooperative Services Program, Rural
Development-Business and Cooperative Programs.  The primary purpose of the
position is to perform analyses on a variety of grant programs, i.e.,
Value-Added Producer, Rural Cooperative Development Grant and to develop
information and establish criteria to measure program accomplishments.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a citizen or US National.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.
    A one-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides staff expertise for the various grant programs including analysis and
advice on industry developments.
    Implements contracts, policies/procedures for matters related to grant
processing, grant services, recipient reporting requirements and internal
management information systems.
    Participates in the training of Business and Cooperative Programs personnel
and provides advice and assistance to State offices regarding procedural or
operational changes.
    Prepares Federal Register Notices, Federal Regulations, Staff Instructions,
bulletins, policies and procedures for use by recipients and Business and
Cooperative Programs staff.
    Generates management information reports and provides specialized assistance
concerning recipient financial data and grant statistics.
    Compiles and maintains a computerized statistical database of information
regarding the grant programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restriction and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in Grade:  Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade (e.g., one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration to the GS-13 grade level).

For GS-13 level: Applicants must meet one year specialized experience equivalent
to the GS-12 level: OR its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
writing Government regulations such as Business Cooperative Programs, Federal
Register and Office of Management and Budget requirements for publishing
documents; experience applying program policies, grant processing procedures,
and Business and Cooperative Programs regulations as they relate to
administrative operations and management objectives; experience conducting
thorough analyses and reviews of grant documents, program data, and financial
statistics and experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There
is no education substitution for this grade level.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0343 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Management Analysis
        Program Analysis
        Analytical and Evaluative
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=ee462395-771c
-493d-baf3-a3a400b4eeec

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday

Funding provides support for small business

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


MEMPHIS, Tenn. >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that projects in
30 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will be funded to support small
and emerging rural businesses. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains
focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget
uncertainty. USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner said, "These
grants will help New Mexicans cope with issues around food security and small
business development at a time when New Mexico desperately needs help, These
grants represent the Obama administration's continued commitment to develop
sustainable rural business opportunities that will create jobs."

The seven projects funded in New Mexico include:

Center for Southwest Culture, Inc. will receive $48,150 to provide technical
assistance and training in tourism and outdoor services in northern New Mexico
communities.

Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments will receive $40,000 to provide
instruction, training, and technical assistance to Native American
entrepreneurs.

Oso Vista Ranch Project in Pine Hill, NM in Cibola County will receive $50,000
to be used to provide technical assistance.

Pueblo of Acoma -- Acoma Business Enterprises will receive $75,000 to develop a
comprehensive business plan and marketing study for a regional Native American
food hub.

Rio Grande Council of Governments in funds will be used to provide technical
assistance to small businesses in Anthony, NM in developing policies and a
strategic plan for economic and business development.

Southwest Care Center, Inc. will receive $20,000 to conduct a feasibility study
for a proposed clinic and birth center in Espanola, New Mexico.

Village of Magdalena will receive $19,850 to conduct a feasibility study for a
grocery store.

The funding was made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program (RBEG), which promotes development of small and emerging
businesses in rural areas. RBEGs may also be used to help fund distance learning
networks and employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants
for the program include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and federally
recognized Indian Tribes. Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the
RBEG program has helped create or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, provided
over $170.9 million in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing
capability, and expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either
expanded or helped establish almost 41,070 rural businesses and community
projects.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as the Department implements sequestration -- the across-the-board budget
reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Director Terry Brunner, USDA State Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Grimsby Telegraph

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 387  words


A LOUTH-BASED electrical firm hopes to create new jobs following a grant of
almost £5,000 from East Lindsey District Council.

Surge Electrical Estimating Ltd - based at the Fairfield Enterprise Centre in
Louth - successfully applied for a grant of £4,800 from the Council's Rural
Development Fund.

The business has been set up to provide an external estimating support service
for electrical contractors, helping them to deal with peak demands in their
estimating workload.

Owner, Jonathan Willson, started trading earlier this year and was quickly keen
to raise the profile of his business.

The grant will enable the business to develop a new website; pay for initial
Search Engine Optimisation; and fund promotional advertisements in an electrical
trade magazine.

The planned marketing activity aims to increase customer awareness of the
business and services it offers with a view to creating further full time posts
and apprenticeships as the business grows.

Owner, Jonathan, said: "The award of the RDF grant is a fantastic boost to the
business and will help kick-start the marketing of our services to a wider
audience. We hope to develop and grow the business as a result of this and have
big ambitions for the future."

Portfolio Holder for market towns and the rural economy ,Councillor Adam Grist,
said: "It's really important that businesses have the opportunity to thrive and
I'm pleased the district council has been able to support Jonathan and his team
at Surge Electrical.

"I will continue to watch with interest as the company grows."

Since its launch in 2012, the Rural Development Fund has awarded £927,074 to 36
local businesses, creating 51 Full time positions, 13 part time positions and
ten apprenticeships.

The Rural Development Fund is currently closed to applications.

SHOPPERS on the coast are welcoming plans to build a new discount supermarket.

It will mainly be single storey with a small first floor area for use by staff.

Lidl has been granted permission to knock down its current store on Stanley
Avenue in Mablethorpe and build a bigger and improved version.

East Lindsey District Council's planning committee gave the go-ahead, and the
new build will see the sales area increased by a quarter with 11 additional full
and part time jobs created.

Car parking will slightly increase from 98 spaces to 101.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $48,600 Planning Grant to White County

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Nov. 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded White County with a $48,600 planning
grant the county will use to fund a comprehensive economic development planning
study. These federal dollars are from the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural Affairs (OCRA)
administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but the state
will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the
quality of life for Hoosiers."

The comprehensive economic development plan will assess the county's current
economic conditions and identify strategies the county can implement to create a
more favorable environment for business. The plan will consider workforce and
economic development issues, targeted industry sectors, real estate development
and re-development, business retention and expansion, small business
development, and implementation and performance measures for the plan. The
completed plan will help align economic development efforts in the county and
provide direction for future initiatives.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

State experiences a banner year for project funding

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 784 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack released a report highlighting
ways Rural Development's investments in communities, businesses and residents
created jobs, provided economic opportunities and improved rural infrastructure
in 2015.

"USDA Rural Development is an effective partner for economic growth in rural
America," Vilsack said. "In 2015, Rural Development provided $30 billion in
direct and guaranteed loans and grants for nearly 171,000 awards to rural
individuals, families, business owners, agricultural producers and communities.
These investments - in affordable housing and homeownership; critical community
facilities, water, electric, telecommunications infrastructure; renewable energy
production and efficiency; local and regional food systems; and small business
creation and expansion - have spurred job creation and improved the quality of
life for millions of rural Americans."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner commented on the report
saying, "In 2015 we obligated $184-million to help New Mexico grow and prosper."
Brunner added, "We've helped thousands of New Mexicans by creating jobs, making
homeownership become a reality, delivering better water, sewer, electric and
communication services to communities throughout the state."

These accomplishments are found in USDA's 2015 Progress Report which provides an
overview of the funding that was spent in the various programs across the nation
administered by USDA Rural Development.

Vilsack noted in the report that one of the keys to USDA's success in rural
areas is its partnerships with private lenders, non-profit organizations and
community-based groups. USDA is partnering with rural telecommunications
utilities, for example, to bring high-speed broadband to rural communities. In
2015, people who live in the Mescalero Apache Reservation saw the construction
begin on a new $5.3 million dollar broadband communication system. The broadband
program will allow the residents of the Mescalero Apache Tribe access to better
education and economic opportunities through advanced telecommunications
systems.

Across the nation USDA's support for rural infrastructure provided water and
wastewater, electric and communication services to hundreds of thousands of
Americans. This effort saw Rural Development help nearly 150,000 families buy,
refinance or repair their homes last year. Also, eleven thousand people live in
affordable apartments as a result of USDA programs to build or provide subsidies
for rental housing.

USDA Rural Development's programs also provide for a wide range of community
needs. More than 21 million rural residents benefitted from USDA support for
essential community facilities in 2015. The agency invested $1.8 billion in
services such as schools, hospitals, day care centers, first-responder vehicles
and equipment and other needs.

For example here in New Mexico, USDA Rural Development provided a $55,000
Community Facilities grant to help Sierra Vista Hospital in Truth or
Consequences to purchase a new four wheel drive ambulance.

This piece equipment was needed to replace old outdate equipment that was always
breaking down. Also, because of some of the areas the ambulance to go to, it has
extended emergency care service to the most remote part of Sierra County.

USDA helped more than 12,500 rural businesses through $1.5 billion in loans,
loan guarantees, and grants last year. Since the start of the Obama
Administration in 2009, more than 103,000 rural businesses have received $11
billion in USDA investments to start or expand their operations.

The report also sums up Rural Development investments since 2009. Under
President Obama, USDA Rural Development has helped more than 1 million rural
residents buy homes; have funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as
schools, public safety and health care facilities; have provided loans to 5,100
rural businesses; financed 180,000 miles of new and improved electric
transmission and distribution lines; supported 254 broadband projects completed
with funds provided through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, bringing
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents, 17,500
businesses and 1,900 community facilities; and partnered in many other efforts
to improve the economic conditions and quality of life for rural Americans.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                      September 3, 2004, Friday Edition 1

Programme aims to boost farms

BYLINE: By Jennifer Mackenzie, The Journal

SECTION: FARMING, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 521 words


   Cumbria is the only county in Britain to have a programme dedicated to
raising the performance and all round sustainability of its core agricultural
base.

Farming Connect Cumbria is a programme funded by Rural Regeneration Cumbria with
9.8m from the North West Development Agency.

FCC is delivered by the Cumbria Farm Link team, part of the Penrith-based
Cumbria Rural Enterprise Agency.

The FCC scheme is expected to run to March 2008 and it will be officially
launched at the Westmorland County Show at Crooklands near Kendal on September
9.

FCC has been two years in the making, and is in response to several surveys
carried out in the wake of foot-and- mouth in Cumbria. By far the larger
proportion of farmers surveyed said they intend to continue in farming.

FCC programme manager Nancy Tweddell said: "The countryside in Cumbria would be
lifeless without farming, and all else that depends on it. Without genuine,
well-run, working farms, we will not have anything real to offer the tourists,
which when you think about it creates and stimulates the whole rural economy as
we know it." FCC Advisory Team leader Harry Martin encourages farmers to take
this important opportunity: "The emergence of the Single Payment is already
focusing minds within the farm business. The opportunity to link this to a
sustainable development plan and, where appropriate to obtain grant funding, is
great news for Cumbrian farmers." Farming Connect Cumbria is a programme for
farmers, and potentially 1,600 farms in Cumbria can benefit.

Farmers must have an agricultural holding [CPH] number, and be aiming to derive
a substantial part of their income from farming. The scheme will help and advise
most types of farm business. However, the grants available through it are not
aimed at diversifying away from traditional farming. There are other grants to
help with diversification, available through Defra and NWDA, which FCC advisers
can help farmers apply for.

Business and environmental advisers will visit the farm and, over a period of
time, will help prepare a medium or long-term sustainable development plan for
the farming business. The emphasis will be on improving environmental practice,
animal welfare, and technical efficiency.

Nancy Tweddell said: "FCC can also advise on the new proposals under the Single
Payment Scheme, Environment Stewardship Schemes, and Cross-Compliance.

"It is important to think hard about the development plan. It will be your
development plan, and you will agree what goes in it and how it is to be
implemented."

The advisers will also help you apply for FCC capital grants and technical
consultancy grants, or will help you apply to other schemes such as Defra's
Rural Enterprise Scheme.

Farming Connect Cumbria is based and delivered by Cumbria Rural Enterprise
Agency, Redhills, Penrith, Cumbria CA11 ODT www.crea.co.uk Tel: [01768] 891444
or nancy§crea.co.uk The FCC programme manager is Nancy Tweddell. FCC has a team
of advisers whose team leader is Harry Martin, the much respected former
curriculum area leader in agriculture at Newton Rigg College.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday

Grants can help farmers with energy projects

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 644 words


Before Jason and William Buck committed to joining the solar revolution, they
did their due diligence in seeking financial assistance from the state and
federal government.

Although a $615,000 solar-array project was a major investment for their 17,000
breeder chicken facility on Houtztown Road in Jackson Township, the payback has
already started.

"We are not paying an electric bill," Jason Buck said after U.S. Department of
Agriculture officials discussed loan and grant programs they offer at the
Lebanon Valley Chamber of Commerce office Friday. "You generate solar
renewable-energy credits or certificates. These can be sold. The downside is the
market is experiencing some supply-and-demand issues."

Seldom Rest Farms' monthly electric bill was about $1,200 prior to the solar
project, of which about 75 percent was related to the chicken business. The
Bucks also have between 40 and 50 head of dairy replacement heifers.

The Bucks received a USDA Rural Energy for America Program grant that covered 25
percent of the project's cost. Combined with a Pennsylvania Sunshine Rebatement
Program grant that covered 8 percent and a U.S. Treasury Energy Grant through
the Recovery Act for 30 percent, a total of 63 percent of the project's expenses
were paid for by grants.

"We've paid off our short-term notes," Jason said, including a PPL Sustainable
Energy Fund loan. "The rest we financed with Fulton Bank."

Obtaining the government funding wasn't easy.

"There are quite a few hoops to jump through," Jason said. "The grants are
competitive. ... You have to work at it. You have to take advantage of it."

"If you don't apply, your chances are zero," William said.

They started the paperwork early last year. Construction began in September and
the 101.2-kilowatt project went online Feb. 15.

Jason credited Bill Batdorf of ineedsolar.com 's Mechanicsburg office for his
firm's design, installation and maintenance of the solar array.

Cheryl Cook, USDA Rural Development deputy under secretary, and Thomas Williams,
Pennsylvania USDA Rural Development state director, led the program at the
Chamber.

"USDA Rural Development is the best-kept secret in the U.S. government," Cook
said. "One in four families interact with our programs."

USDA officials "were challenged by President Obama to go out and talk to
business leaders," said Cook, a Lebanon Valley College graduate who commutes
from her Carlisle home to her Washington office. "How do we make a connection
that helps farmers grow and thrive?"

A major part of her visit was soliciting suggestions from farmers that could be
helpful in formulating the next Farm Bill.

"Most of our programs are authorized every five years by the Farm Bill," Cook
said. "We have one coming up in 2012."

Bonnie Wenger, whose family has a farm in South Lebanon Township, suggested that
family farmers be given additional consideration when points are scored by
evaluators during the grant process and that the government "help sustain farms
that are already there." Other suggestions included simplifying the application
and pre-approval processes.

Ed Kercher of Kercher Machine Works in Lebanon said the government should target
more funding for clean-coal processes instead of biofuels.

Jeffrey Gatano, who heads USDA's Lebanon region office, said his office can help
farmers and small businesses secure grants to pay up to 25 percent for
renewable-energy projects, including solar, geothermal and wind.

Williams said his top priority "is to fund as many projects as I can."

Included are "value-added" programs for producers, such as turning grapes into
wine.

"We can give you money to set up a website," Williams said, "to market what
you're trying to do."

For information about USDA programs, check the website www.rurdev.usda.gov/pa .
Gatano can be reached at the Lebanon office at 272-3908 ext. 134.
 stevesnyder@ldnews.com ; 272-5611, ext. 152

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Roxanne Molnar explains how grant money was used to improve her East
Hanover Township poultry farm. Listening are, from left, Thomas Williams, USDA
rural development director for Pennsylvania; Dawn Knepp, USDA public information
coordinator; and Cheryl Cook, USDA undersecretary for rural development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2010 Saturday

Donna hopes federal grant jumpstarts small business

BYLINE: Neal Morton, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


July 17--DONNA -- Government officials here hope a new, $114,200 grant from a
federal rural development agency will spur small business investment in their
city.

Donna Mayor David Simmons said the grant, announced last week, will establish a
revolving loan fund to assist business owners who need help paying for
infrastructure, landscaping, signs and parking lots.

"The key is we want them to employ people in our community," Simmons said. "Of
course, we want the businesses in town to pay into our taxes, but we would like
our citizens to work."

The mayor said some businesses have expressed interest and the city is already
accepting applications.

City Manager Oscar Cuellar said conservative estimates suggested the fund could
create close to 25 jobs, but he expects more once loans are issued around
October.

This is the first year Donna applied for the grant, though the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development agency has awarded grants such as these to
cities like La Joya and San Juan, Cuellar said. Donna had requested $300,000 but
will pad the $114,200 with about $45,000 from the city's own coffers.

"These loans will go to flower shops, restaurants, beauty shops ... no chains or
national brands," Cuellar said. "All the costs small businesses face pile onto a
business and make it hard to stay successful."

U.S. Rep. Ruben Hinojosa, D-Mercedes, played an integral part in securing the
grant for Donna.

According to Salomon Torres, Hinojosa's district director, the congressman
rewrote population maximums that typically reserve the grant for rural, more
agriculturally based communities.

Torres said Hinojosa also introduced the city to a funding system that would
help it in the long run.

"It's our intent to help them empower themselves," Torres said. "Hopefully, they
develop their own internal expertise to provide loans and business incentives to
attract other funds."

Simmons said the city has already done that.

"We never had anybody on staff to help us with these grants previously," he
said. "Now our group is very young and intelligent. We are stressing active
reaching-out to get these types of funds."

Cuellar said the city would re-apply for the grant the moment the first loans
are issued.

____

Neal Morton covers Mission and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at (956)683-4472.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100717-MC-Donna-hopes-federal-grant-jumpstarts-small-business-20100717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Evesham Journal

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday

Grant on offer

SECTION: COUNTRYSIDE JOURNAL

LENGTH: 75 words


FARMERS have the chance to apply for a rural enterprise grant.

The grant, launched on Wednesday, October 1, is a funded by the Rural
Development Programme for England. It is open to West Midlands farmers and
micro-businesses.

The grant can fund small-scale diversification and development projects for the
benefit of rural business.

Caroline Beddell, of the Country Land and Business Association, said: "Often
people are not even aware these grants exist."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 July 20, 2002

Welcome for new rural grants

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

LENGTH: 308 words


THE Country Land and Business Association (CLA) in Yorkshire has welcomed the
announcement from Yorkshire Forward, the Government's regional development
organisation, that new grants are available to rural businesses affected by last
year's foot and mouth outbreak.

Yorkshire Forward's Business Recovery Fund has secured a further (GBP)1m of
European funding for businesses operating in parts of North and West Yorkshire.

Providing the businesses are not operating in agriculture, fishing, transport or
primary food processing, they can apply for a maximum of (GBP)15,000 but will
need to provide 13 per cent of the costs of any project from their own funds.

This is a help to those affected by the foot and mouth outbreak and we do urge
rural businesses to apply, said Dorothy Fairburn, regional director of the CLA
in Yorkshire.

It is encouraging that Yorkshire Forward's total investment in rural recovery
from foot and mouth has now reached (GBP)11.5m, more than any other Regional
Development Agency.

Applicants are being asked to register through Business Link North Yorkshire
(tel: 01904 686000) by September 27.

Miss Fairburn added: Businesses with innovative ideas, supported by a profitable
business plan, will be invited to submit a full business plan by November 29.

What is interesting is that businesses already in the running for new money
under previous plans, will be able to apply again.

All that will be required is that businesses in a rural area will need to
demonstrate that they contribute significantly to the rural economy and that
income has been substantially reduced by foot and mouth disease.

Not-for-profit organisations, such as youth hostels, can apply for support and
money is available to improve the quality of tourist facilities where foot and
mouth has had an economic impact.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program
for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6749  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two
types of funding assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. Program Description
    II. Federal Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Federal Award Administration Information
    VII. Other Information
    A. Paperwork Reduction Act
    B. Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. There will be two
application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015
grant funds. These dates apply to both fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition
will not take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received
and ready to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application  Application window opening dates  Application window closing dates
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over $20,000
and Combinations)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  May 1,
2015  June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014  Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants  December 29,
2014  February 12, 2015.*
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as
well as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural
electric cooperatives; a public power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451, who serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley Oehler, Branch
Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

I. Program Description Back to Top

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and
Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.

A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on February 7, 2014,
(2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal year 2015, for: grants,
guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and
install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and
for grants to conduct energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed
Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152, apply to guaranteed loans for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal
year 2015, the guarantee fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of
the loan and the annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent)
of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition
to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants.
II. Federal Award Information Back to Top

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for applications to
be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is being published prior to the
Congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The
Agency will continue to process applications received under this announcement
and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the
following Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the
same provisions in this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds.
For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects only,
there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The state allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less
can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

(a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30,
2015, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

(b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of funding requested,
will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of grant and
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and
C(2).

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2015 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2015. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2015. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 2,000, but
will depend on amount of funds made available and on the number of eligible
applicants participating in this program.

E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public Law 113-79,
mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP can provide. Within the
maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of total eligible project costs, whether the
grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

(2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, a
grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number
(unless the applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.

B. Application Submittal.

(1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

(a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located.

(b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered. A list of USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

(c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

(2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those
that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy.

(3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy.

C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to participate
in this program must submit applications in accordance with this Notice and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete applications
containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.

(1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications must be received,
in order to compete for the funds available.

(2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be considered
complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

(a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

(b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

(c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

(d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

(e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by
7 CFR 4280.165(c).

(f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

(3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their application, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

(4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7
CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(1), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

(5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

(6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Applications. If an application for a project was submitted for the first time
for fiscal year 2014 funding and that initial application was determined
eligible, but was not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year
2014 application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that qualify
under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional information to
document the environmental benefits scoring criterion without creating a new
complete application date. If an applicant submitted the initial application on
or prior to June 14, 2013, the applicant must submit a new application meeting
the requirements of this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015
funds for that project and a new submission date of record will be established.

D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

(1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or plan;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits to the
Agency.

(4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the Agency may determine the
applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after
these dates will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this Notice,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to
be considered for funding in fiscal year 2015 are outlined in the following
paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of paragraph IV.E:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. The Agency is
establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal
years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete for grant funds based on their grant score. The two
dates that complete applications must be received by the Agency in order to
compete for available funds are:

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for
those applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition
will not take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received
and ready to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application  Application window opening dates  Application window closing dates
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  July 8,
2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  May 1,
2015  June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014  Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants  December 29,
2014  February 12, 2015.*

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to applications
submitted under this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

(a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2015.

(b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

(c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount
of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.

(2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

(a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2015
funds.

(b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill, mandates that the
recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an agricultural producer
or a rural small business must require the agricultural producer or rural small
business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall
be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the audit.

(3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.

(1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application.

(2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

(3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
V. Application Review Information Back to Top

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications for projects in rural
areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty will qualify for administrative points applicable under 7 CFR
4280.120(g). This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120.

(2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding.

(a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications must be
submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be considered for these set aside funds.
All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to
the National Office.

(b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000
or less received by April 30, 2015, will be competed against other applications
for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.

(c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that
can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds
for those complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points,
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds remain after the final guaranteed
loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority
to fund additional grant-only.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant
funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under §
4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain
after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national
competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget
authority will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.

(5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant
or combination application, the applicant must be notified that they may accept
the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve
funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.

If one or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award all, the
remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
applicant must be notified they may accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project.

At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2015.
VI. Federal Award Administration Information Back to Top

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

(1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

(3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant
Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable.
VII. Other Information Back to Top
A. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.
B. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program
complaint please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer." The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.

Dated: December 18, 2014.

Lillian E. Salerno,

Administrator,Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             May 24, 2005, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: GRANTS MEAN RICH PICKINGS FOR FRUIT-FARMING DUO AT NEW SHOP

BYLINE: BY EMMA PINCH

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 467 words


Two fruit-farming couples are reaping the rewards of their business ideas,
thanks to a pair of grants from the Department of the Environment, Food and
Rural Affairs. Janet and George Saunders have expanded their roadside stall in
Worcestershire into a shop selling locally-grown produce across the region.

Mrs Saunders helped her mother and step-father sell local produce from a stall
when she was a girl in the 1950s.

In 1978, the couple set up their own stall and cafe in a lay-by on the A38 at
Copcut, just south of Droitwich, and it became a familiar stop for drivers using
the busy road.

With the help of a grant of just under £20,000 from the Rural Enterprise Scheme
- delivered by the Rural Development Service - the Saunders have moved from
temporary buildings into a modern farm shop, selling vegetables, flowers and
garden furniture.

Mrs Saunders said: 'When we started out, we were selling our own home-grown
produce - mostly strawberries, beans and sprouts.

'Over the years the business has kept growing and we have built up a regular
clientele. But we were still operating the roadside cafe and shop out of a
caravan. This imposed a limit on how much we could sell and what stock we could
keep in the store.'

Their aim is to sell as much local produce as possible.

'Small growers often find it difficult to find an outlet to sell through and we
are ideally placed to help, especially with shoppers increasingly asking for
locally grown food.'

Another RES grant has helped a Herefordshire couple create a luxurious holiday
getaway out of a log cabin.

Quarry Lodge, at Little Verzons Fruit Farm, near Ledbury, is a holiday hideaway
that blends in to its secluded rural setting, while containing all the mod-cons
of an upmarket chalet.

Peter and Julie Viner had already built up a successful 34-acre fruit farm and
teashop when they decided to diversify further with the creation of the cabin.
It was part-funded by a £39,000 Defra grant.

Mrs Viner said: 'It became obvious from questions of visitors to our shop and
tearooms that there was a demand for self-catering accommodation.'

'Hereford, Ledbury, Ross-on-Wye, Worcester and Cheltenham each host events
bringing visitors to the region and we are well-placed to serve that trade, as
well as people just looking for a relaxing break from fast-living.'

She added: 'We had already planned to construct accommodation but achieving that
goal was some way off until we received part-funding. Now we're up-and-running
and open for the 2005-6 season.'

The Rural Enterprise Scheme is aimed at helping farmers adapt to changing
markets and develop new business opportunities.

For more information on the scheme, contact the local Rural Development Service
office or go to www.defra.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Westernport awarded $2.2M for new water system

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


March 30--WESTERNPORT -- The town of Westernport has been awarded $2.2 million
in grants and a $600,000 federal loan to install a new water system in the
community.

U.S. Sens. Barbara Mikulski and Ben Cardin and U.S. Rep. John Delaney announced
the funding package Wednesday, saying a new water system and water tank will be
installed with the funding. The new tank will improve service to more than 1,144
households and 45 businesses in Allegany County, according to a press release
issued through Mikulski's office.

"Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure,
but they can't do it on their own," said Mikulski. "Rural communities need a
government on their side. That's what these federal grants and loans are about."

The funding package includes a $1 million grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Office of Rural Development and a $600,000 loan. The Department of
Housing and Urban Development awarded $800,000 in Community Development Block
Grant funding through the Maryland Department of Housing and Community
Development. The Appalachian Regional Commission also awarded Westernport
$400,000.

The federal funds will be used to install a 750,000 gallon water storage tank
and pump station, as well as 8,500 linear feet of waterline. As a result of the
additional capacity, the Westernport will be able to provide new water service
to the towns of Bloomington and Luke.

"They will help with construction jobs today by building the new water system
and tank. And they will help the people and businesses of Westernport, Luke and
Bloomington well into the future by providing clean, reliable water service,"
said Mikulski.

The funds will provide much needed infrastructure improvements, according to
Cardin.

"Our water infrastructure supports our daily lives in a way that few other
things do," said Cardin, a senior member of the Senate Environment and Public
Works Committee. "We ignore needed upgrades in water infrastructure at our own
peril. Substantial investments like these that improve people's lives in
Westernport should be applauded and duplicated throughout Allegany County."

Delaney said the project is long overdue.

"Here's the bottom line: thanks to these federal grants 1,144 households and 45
businesses in Allegany County will have improved water service," said Delaney.
"This new project in Westernport is a partnership between federal, state and
local agencies that should improve public health and greatly benefit the local
community and is a prime example of why I'm focused on bringing more
infrastructure funding to Western Maryland," said Delaney.

The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.

"The pipes, pumps and tanks that bring us our water are often out of sight, but
improving and expanding our water infrastructure is a major issue that demands
attention," said Delaney.

ARC is a federal-state partnership that promotes economic development in 13
states throughout the Appalachian region. In 2014, Maryland received $4.7
million in ARC funding, including $1.8 million for 18 local projects and $2.9
million for access road construction.

Follow staff writer Greg Larry on Twitter @GregLarryCTN.

___ (c)2016 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160330-UM-Westernport-awarded-2.2M-for-new-water-system-0330-20160330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2016 Cumberland Times-News


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Lincolnshire Echo

                               February 22, 2005

Why branching out could be cool move

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 549 words


Farmers wanting to branch out can get free advice at a meeting on
diversification.  The event aims to give them the chance to see real examples of
how others have successfully expanded into new areas.

It will also show farmers new ways of managing their business and help them
adapt to the Single Payment Scheme and other changes facing the industry this
year.

Organised by the East Midlands branch of Defra, the meeting is at Ashgrove Farm,
North Willingham, near Market Rasen, on Thursday, March 3.

The hosts, Helen and Alan Haigh of Ashgrove Farm, will also speak about their
own experiences.

Mr and Mrs Haigh used a 45 per cent Rural Enterprise Scheme grant of £73,000 to
expand their business from dairy farming into opening a new ice cream parlour
and cafe on site, called Willingham Fayre.

Ashgrove Farm is a 160 hectare arable farm which includes a small suckler herd
of limousin beef cattle.

Mr and Mrs Haigh both came from a long line of dairy farmers before they moved
from their native Yorkshire to Lincolnshire in 1995. They were always keen to
establish an enterprise that utilised their dairy farming skills.

The business was launched in March 2003 and had a very successful first year
trading, but the poor weather conditions in 2004 affected business.

However, they are both confident that their planned expansion is achievable and
on target.

"Because of our arable farm's declining income, our diversification project was
only made possible with the support of Defra's Rural Enterprise Scheme grant,"
said Mrs Haigh.

Funded by Defra's Rural Development Programme, this is one of five meetings to
be held across the East Midlands.

The seminar will give practical examples of how farmers can expand their
businesses. It will include talks by people who have already branched out as
well as grants information.

Jonathan Marsden, regional farm advice co-ordinator for Defra's rural
development service, said: "Many farmers know they have the potential to
diversify but need help and advice to take these ideas forward and make them a
success.

"By coming along to the meetings farmers can see and hear first hand from their
peers about how they did it." In addition a separate series of five farm tours
will offer people the chance to generate ideas about diversification.

Michael Richardson, regional manager for the English Beef and Lamb Executive,
which is helping to organise the tours, said: "We're hoping these events will
provide a lot of necessary information.

"More importantly we hope that they'll make it easier to share ideas about what
we can do with our farms to make the most of new opportunities." Former poultry
farmer Neil Mumby (43) decided to diversify after 20 years in the industry.

He now runs Woodside Falconry and Conservation Centre at Newball, near
Langworth.  The centre was awarded a grant of £100,000 by the Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to build the new Tropical Island Paradise,
due to open on Thursday.

"Diversification can be a difficult thing to start as it is such a change. I am
sure these workshops will be helpful to some people," said Mr Mumby.

Places are limited so anyone who would like to attend should contact Tina
Heathcote on (01298) 24219.


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Lincolnshire Echo


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 20, 2006 Monday

Service for women-owned businesses in OK expands

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351  words


When Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. opened its Women's Business Center in
2001, the plan was to assist rural women in Oklahoma in starting or operating a
small business. With the assistance of the U.S. Small Business Administration,
the center in Durant began working with women providing mentoring, technical
assistance, counseling, financial assistance and help with marketing.

"During the first five years we provided training and counseling to more than
4,000 women," said Sherry Hardin, business development director for REI. Rural
Enterprises' Women's Business Center currently provides services to women in 21
counties, mostly in southeastern Oklahoma, but is now ready to expand services.
"We will be setting up a new center in Oklahoma City to cover the remainder of
the state," she said. A grant from the Small Business Administration is funding
the expanded service for Oklahoma women entrepreneurs. The SBA issued $12
million in grants to fund 19 new Women's Business Centers and continue funding
for 80 existing centers. The Women's Business Center in Oklahoma City is
expected to open during the first quarter at the Presbyterian Health Foundation
Research Park, where REI has an office. "The grant award from SBA to provide
training and assistance to women-owned businesses and other small businesses
across the state correlates with our other economic development services already
available statewide," said Tom Seth Smith, REI president and CEO said. "Since
we're a statewide economic development firm, this is just a perfect fit for us.
" The center's staff will include a coordinator and an assistant. REI is
interviewing applicants for the coordinator job. Services offered at the
Oklahoma City center will be similar to services offered in Durant. The current
center has monthly training and education programs where women can come to
mentor one another and learn about starting a business. Workshop topics include
taxes, financing and marketing. "We try to offer as many topics as we can,"
Hardin said. "We also offer one-on-one counseling for anyone planning to start a
business. "

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Announces Nearly $2.6 Million in Infrastructure
Funding

LENGTH: 1297 words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Pat McCrory announced today that the North Carolina Rural
Infrastructure Authority (RIA) approved 10 grant and loan requests totaling
$2,565,689. The requests include commitments to create a total of 200 new jobs.





 "One of the top priorities of my administration is connecting North Carolinians
to better roads and infrastructure by ensuring that every community has the
building blocks for economic development and job creation," said Governor
McCrory. "These loans and grants will enable our smaller towns and counties to
better focus on business and job growth."



 Authority members review and approve funding requests for grant and loan
programs. The programs are operated by the Rural Economic Development team at
the North Carolina Department of Commerce, which is led by Secretary John E.
Skvarla, III, and Assistant Secretary Dr. Patricia Mitchell. Grants support
infrastructure development, building renovation and site improvements.



 Since its creation by Governor McCrory and the North Carolina General Assembly
in 2013, the Authority has approved nearly $120 million in awards.



 The RIA approved one request under the state's Industrial Development Fund -
Utility Account program.



 City of Claremont (Catawba County): A $28,189 grant to augment an existing
grant of $120,975 that assists businesses in the Claremont Industrial Park with
sewer system improvements for long-term growth. The project opens development
and job-creation opportunities for the entire 22-acre industrial site.



 The Industrial Development Fund - Utility Account provides grants to units of
local government for 80 counties in the state considered Tier 1 or Tier 2. Funds
may be used for publicly-owned infrastructure projects that are reasonably
expected to result in the creation of new jobs. IDF - Utility Account funding is
derived from set-asides of Job Development Investment Grants (JDIG) awarded in
Tier 2 and Tier 3 counties.



 The RIA approved one loan under the state's Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) - Economic Development program:



 City of Thomasville (Davidson County): A $200,000 loan to support the reuse of
a vacant building accommodating a 10-job expansion by Whitewood Industries. The
Thomasville-based company, a distributor of ready-to-finish furniture, has been
in business for 34 years. The building was constructed in 1970 and has been
vacant for the past year. Funds will be used to improve roofing, lighting and
plumbing, and re-pave the parking lot. The loan will support a total capital
investment of $1.5 million.



 The Community Development Block Grant program is a U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) program administered in part by North Carolina
Commerce. CDBG's economic development funds provide grants to local governments
for creating and retaining jobs. Project funding is based on the number of jobs
to be created and the level of economic distress of applicant communities.
The RIA approved eight grants under the state's Building Reuse program:



 Existing Business Building Category



 Town of Mocksville (Davie County): A $100,000 building reuse grant that will
facilitate a 10-job expansion at REEB Millwork. The company custom-manufactures
and distributes millwork products such as doors, columns and stairs across the
eastern United States. Renovations include lighting and dock doors among other
items. The building was constructed in 1980. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $320,451.



 Granville County: A $500,000 grant to support a building addition in Creedmoor
that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Altec Industries. The company
provides equipment and services to customers in the utility, telecommunications
and other industries. Altec will add 8,000 sq. ft. to the building, which was
constructed in 1984. The grant is part of a total capital investment of $16.7
million.



 Halifax County: A $200,000 grant for renovating three buildings in Weldon to
facilitate a 20-job expansion at Meherrin River Forest Products. The
Virginia-based company manufactures hardwood lumber. The buildings were
constructed in 1950. Renovations include roofing, mechanical systems and
interior configuration. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more
than $2 million.



 Robeson County: A $500,000 building renovation grant in Pembroke that will
facilitate a 50-job expansion by Trinity Frozen Foods. The company manufactures
frozen sweet-potato fries for domestic and foreign markets. The building was
constructed in 1998. Renovations will include electrical, plumbing and concrete
work. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $5.5 million.




 Robeson County: A $500,000 grant to support the renovation of a building in St.
Pauls that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Watts Water Technology. The
company provides plumbing, heating and water quality solutions for residential,
industrial, commercial and governmental customers. The building was constructed
in 1974. Renovations will include flooring, HVAC and interior configuration. The
grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $3.7 million.



 Vacant Building Category



 Montgomery County: A $50,000 grant for the reuse of a vacant building in
Biscoe. Tractor Supply Company will lease the building and create five jobs. The
building was constructed in 1990 and has been vacant for seven months.
Renovations include electrical, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $834,951.



 Wilson County: A $462,500 grant to support the reuse of a vacant building in
Wilson by Peak Demand. The company, which designs and manufactures electrical
transmission systems, is adding 37 jobs to its existing workforce. The building
was constructed in 1970 and has been vacant for five months. Renovations include
HVAC, electrical, flooring and fire-protection systems. The grant is part of a
total capital investment of more than $3 million.



 Town of Columbia (Tyrrell County): A $25,000 reuse grant of a vacant building
by Waypoint Oyster Bar. The start-up company, a full-service restaurant and
caterer specializing in local seafood, will create five jobs. The building was
constructed in 1932 and has been vacant four months. Renovations include
flooring, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total capital investment of
$699,511.



 The Building Reuse Program provides grants to local governments to renovate
vacant buildings, renovate and/or expand buildings occupied by existing North
Carolina companies, and renovate, expand or construct health care facilities
that will lead to the creation of new jobs in Tier 1 and Tier 2 counties and in
rural Census tracts of Tier 3 counties.



 In addition to reviewing and approving funding requests, the N.C. Rural
Infrastructure Authority formulates policies and priorities for grant and loan
programs administered by NC Commerce's Rural Economic Development team. Its 15
voting members are appointed by the Governor, Speaker of the House and Senate
President Pro Tem. The North Carolina Secretary of Commerce serves as a
non-voting member of the Authority. "The availability of modern infrastructure
and ready-to-go buildings is necessary for restoring North Carolina's
white-picket-fence communities," said Commerce Secretary Skvarla."Working
alongside the NC Commerce team, the Rural Infrastructure Authority partners with
the state's less populated communities in creating jobs, growing businesses and
attracting economic investment."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Announces Nearly $2.6 Million in Infrastructure
Funding

LENGTH: 1297 words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Pat McCrory announced today that the North Carolina Rural
Infrastructure Authority (RIA) approved 10 grant and loan requests totaling
$2,565,689. The requests include commitments to create a total of 200 new jobs.





 "One of the top priorities of my administration is connecting North Carolinians
to better roads and infrastructure by ensuring that every community has the
building blocks for economic development and job creation," said Governor
McCrory. "These loans and grants will enable our smaller towns and counties to
better focus on business and job growth."



 Authority members review and approve funding requests for grant and loan
programs. The programs are operated by the Rural Economic Development team at
the North Carolina Department of Commerce, which is led by Secretary John E.
Skvarla, III, and Assistant Secretary Dr. Patricia Mitchell. Grants support
infrastructure development, building renovation and site improvements.



 Since its creation by Governor McCrory and the North Carolina General Assembly
in 2013, the Authority has approved nearly $120 million in awards.



 The RIA approved one request under the state's Industrial Development Fund -
Utility Account program.



 City of Claremont (Catawba County): A $28,189 grant to augment an existing
grant of $120,975 that assists businesses in the Claremont Industrial Park with
sewer system improvements for long-term growth. The project opens development
and job-creation opportunities for the entire 22-acre industrial site.



 The Industrial Development Fund - Utility Account provides grants to units of
local government for 80 counties in the state considered Tier 1 or Tier 2. Funds
may be used for publicly-owned infrastructure projects that are reasonably
expected to result in the creation of new jobs. IDF - Utility Account funding is
derived from set-asides of Job Development Investment Grants (JDIG) awarded in
Tier 2 and Tier 3 counties.



 The RIA approved one loan under the state's Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) - Economic Development program:



 City of Thomasville (Davidson County): A $200,000 loan to support the reuse of
a vacant building accommodating a 10-job expansion by Whitewood Industries. The
Thomasville-based company, a distributor of ready-to-finish furniture, has been
in business for 34 years. The building was constructed in 1970 and has been
vacant for the past year. Funds will be used to improve roofing, lighting and
plumbing, and re-pave the parking lot. The loan will support a total capital
investment of $1.5 million.



 The Community Development Block Grant program is a U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) program administered in part by North Carolina
Commerce. CDBG's economic development funds provide grants to local governments
for creating and retaining jobs. Project funding is based on the number of jobs
to be created and the level of economic distress of applicant communities.
The RIA approved eight grants under the state's Building Reuse program:



 Existing Business Building Category



 Town of Mocksville (Davie County): A $100,000 building reuse grant that will
facilitate a 10-job expansion at REEB Millwork. The company custom-manufactures
and distributes millwork products such as doors, columns and stairs across the
eastern United States. Renovations include lighting and dock doors among other
items. The building was constructed in 1980. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $320,451.



 Granville County: A $500,000 grant to support a building addition in Creedmoor
that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Altec Industries. The company
provides equipment and services to customers in the utility, telecommunications
and other industries. Altec will add 8,000 sq. ft. to the building, which was
constructed in 1984. The grant is part of a total capital investment of $16.7
million.



 Halifax County: A $200,000 grant for renovating three buildings in Weldon to
facilitate a 20-job expansion at Meherrin River Forest Products. The
Virginia-based company manufactures hardwood lumber. The buildings were
constructed in 1950. Renovations include roofing, mechanical systems and
interior configuration. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more
than $2 million.



 Robeson County: A $500,000 building renovation grant in Pembroke that will
facilitate a 50-job expansion by Trinity Frozen Foods. The company manufactures
frozen sweet-potato fries for domestic and foreign markets. The building was
constructed in 1998. Renovations will include electrical, plumbing and concrete
work. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $5.5 million.




 Robeson County: A $500,000 grant to support the renovation of a building in St.
Pauls that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Watts Water Technology. The
company provides plumbing, heating and water quality solutions for residential,
industrial, commercial and governmental customers. The building was constructed
in 1974. Renovations will include flooring, HVAC and interior configuration. The
grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $3.7 million.



 Vacant Building Category



 Montgomery County: A $50,000 grant for the reuse of a vacant building in
Biscoe. Tractor Supply Company will lease the building and create five jobs. The
building was constructed in 1990 and has been vacant for seven months.
Renovations include electrical, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $834,951.



 Wilson County: A $462,500 grant to support the reuse of a vacant building in
Wilson by Peak Demand. The company, which designs and manufactures electrical
transmission systems, is adding 37 jobs to its existing workforce. The building
was constructed in 1970 and has been vacant for five months. Renovations include
HVAC, electrical, flooring and fire-protection systems. The grant is part of a
total capital investment of more than $3 million.



 Town of Columbia (Tyrrell County): A $25,000 reuse grant of a vacant building
by Waypoint Oyster Bar. The start-up company, a full-service restaurant and
caterer specializing in local seafood, will create five jobs. The building was
constructed in 1932 and has been vacant four months. Renovations include
flooring, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total capital investment of
$699,511.



 The Building Reuse Program provides grants to local governments to renovate
vacant buildings, renovate and/or expand buildings occupied by existing North
Carolina companies, and renovate, expand or construct health care facilities
that will lead to the creation of new jobs in Tier 1 and Tier 2 counties and in
rural Census tracts of Tier 3 counties.



 In addition to reviewing and approving funding requests, the N.C. Rural
Infrastructure Authority formulates policies and priorities for grant and loan
programs administered by NC Commerce's Rural Economic Development team. Its 15
voting members are appointed by the Governor, Speaker of the House and Senate
President Pro Tem. The North Carolina Secretary of Commerce serves as a
non-voting member of the Authority. "The availability of modern infrastructure
and ready-to-go buildings is necessary for restoring North Carolina's
white-picket-fence communities," said Commerce Secretary Skvarla."Working
alongside the NC Commerce team, the Rural Infrastructure Authority partners with
the state's less populated communities in creating jobs, growing businesses and
attracting economic investment."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Blackmore Vale Magazine

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

Local Action Group opens for grant applications

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 100

LENGTH: 540  words


Do you live or work in rural Dorset?  Would you like to help a community group
allocate grant funding to support projects which benefit the economy of the
countryside?

The Northern Dorset Local Action Group will open for grant applications to the
LEADER programme in September. The Local Action Group (LAG) has been awarded
1.97 million euros from  the Rural Development Programme to support projects in
rural businesses and community organisations.  The LAG wants to hear from people
who would like to be involved, helping to decide where grants would make the
most difference and to monitor the progress of the programme and the projects
they fund.

The only requirements you need to take part are an enthusiasm for your local
community or business sector; knowledge of the LAG area and one or more of the
project areas the LAG funds:  farming, tourism, forestry, rural businesses,
culture & heritage and rural services.

The LAG area covers the North Dorset District Council area, the rural parts of
and East Dorset District and Christchurch Borough Councils and in and around
Sherborne. Organisations in the rest of West Dorset and Purbeck districts can
apply for funding from Dorset's other LAG - Southern Dorset. This is the first
time that many communities in the east of the county will be able to apply for a
LEADER grant so the LAG particularly welcomes members from this area.

The first meeting of the Northern Dorset LAG will be held at The Exchange,
Sturminster Newton on 23rd September at 6.30pm.  Find out more about the meeting
and joining the LAG at any time at the website www.dorsetleader.org.uk.  You can
join at the meeting or by contacting the James in the Programme Team.  James can
be contacted at 01305 225525 or by emailing j.a.roberts@dorsetcc.gov.uk

Members take part in LAG meetings, visiting projects and finding out more about
different aspects of rural life, work and the countryside in Dorset.  You can
also choose to stand for election as chairman or vice chairman of the LAG or
stand as an ordinary member of the LAG's decision making group, the Executive
Committee.  This group approves projects for funding and elections are held
annually for these posts.  The first election will be held at the LAG meeting on
23rd September and all registered LAG Members are eligible to vote.  However,
please note that to stand for election or to vote at the meeting you must
register for LAG membership before the 1st September 2015.  More information
about the elections and a nomination form can be found at the website.

LEADER is a unique European Programme -local people make the decisions about
what and where the money should go.   It is a well-established method of
providing Rural Development Programme (RDP) funding at the local level. LEADER
is a (French) acronym which roughly translates as 'Liaison among Actors in Rural
Economic Development'.  The RDP is how European funding under Pillar 2 of the
Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is delivered.  It provides support for
economic, social and environmental development in the countryside.

· Grants are awarded by a LEADER Local Action Group who fund projects in line
with the needs of the rural economy, as set out in their Local Development
Strategy (LDS).

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: Up to $12.3 Million in Grants and $57.8 Million in Loan Guarantees
Available In Rural Energy for America Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications from rural small businesses and agricultural producers for funding
to make energy efficiency improvements or to install renewable energy systems.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "This funding will help farmers, ranchers and rural
small business owners incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency
technology into their operations, create jobs and help America become more
energy independent. When small rural businesses and farmers cut their energy
costs with cleaner and more efficient energy, we are both helping their bottom
lines and reducing the amount of greenhouse gas pollution that affects our
climate."

The funding announced today is being provided through USDA's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Investments from programs like REAP help support the
true engine of America's economic growth - a thriving middle class. REAP is one
of many USDA programs and initiatives to support an expanded domestic energy
economy. In addition to helping to increase renewable energy production, USDA
makes investments in the bioeconomy, provides support for the emerging biobased
products industry, supports new technologies, and supports energy efficiency
improvements.

REAP funding has helped farmers expand renewable energy use in recent years. The
new Census of Agriculture shows the number of farms utilizing renewable energy
production has doubled in the last five years. More than 57,000 farms reported
using a renewable energy system in 2012, while 23,451 operations reported doing
so in 2007. Solar panels accounted for 63% of renewable energy systems on farms,
with 36,331 farms reporting their use.

REAP funding is an example of the many ways that USDA is helping revitalize
rural economies to create opportunities for growth and prosperity, support
innovative technologies, identify new markets for agricultural producers and
better utilize our nation's natural resources.

Created by the 2008 Farm Bill, REAP was reauthorized by the recently passed 2014
Farm Bill. For fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA plans to award up to $12.3 million in
grants and $57.8 million in loan guarantees. Additional REAP funds provided by
the Farm Bill will be made available with a subsequent notice.

USDA is accepting applications for:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee and
grant combinations;
 Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantees; and
 Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants.

Requests for grants may not exceed 25 percent of a project's cost - either for
stand-alone grant requests or for grants combined with loan guarantees.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has supported more than 8,200
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide. During this period,
USDA has provided more than $264 million in grants and $212 million in loan
guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners.

Cozy Acres Greenhouse in North Yarmouth, Maine, used a $48,750 REAP grant to
help offset the cost of installing a solar and geothermal system in new
greenhouses. Owners Jeff and Marianne Marstaller needed to expand their
greenhouse operations and were determined to do so in a cost-effective and
energy-efficient way. They teamed up with USDA Rural Development to fund a
geothermal system to provide heat for the greenhouses and solar photovoltaic
panels that help offset their electricity needs. The greenhouses were completed
in fall 2013. The Marstallers plan to market their locally grown herbs and
vegetables to area restaurants and farmers markets.

Information on how to apply for REAP funding and on the application deadlines
(which vary by project type) is available on page 25564 of the May 5, 2014
Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

Rural firms urged to apply for part of 3 million grant

BYLINE: Mark Stanford

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


RURAL businesses in the Bradford district have been urged to apply for a share
of more than £3 million in European funds to boost tourism in the Leeds City
Region.

The funding, part of the Rural Development Programme for England (RDPE) Growth
Programme, will be made available to firms, including farms and farm shops,
landowners and charities, to invest in infrastructure that will boost local
tourism.

Grants from £35,000 are available where investment in capital assets will
increase the number of visitors, increase the length of stay and/or increase the
amount of money spent in the City Region.

Priority will be given where businesses can show that grant funding will extend
the tourism season between October and March, create quality accommodation,
footpaths or cycleways, and start or expand events and festivals with legacy
potential.

Applicants will need to supply match funding for the amount that they request
and must apply for funding by January 31, next year.

Roger Marsh, chairman of the LEP, said: "Our European Agricultural Fund for
Rural Development (EAFRD) funding allocation is another fantastic addition to
the business support available to Leeds City Region businesses.

"Culture and tourism are vital to driving the success of the Northern Powerhouse
and this fund will allow us to add to, and develop, the wealth of tourism assets
that already exists here.

"Our Strategic Economic Plan sets out how we will build on our distinctive
regional assets to help deliver our ambition of creating 36,000 new jobs and
adding £3.7 billion to our City Region economy and I would urge rural businesses
to apply."

To apply for the funding, firms are urged to call the Defra Rural Services
helpline on 03000 200 301, or email GPEnquries@rpa.gsi.gov.uk

For more information on additional business support and funding in Leeds City
Region, call the LEP Growth Service on 0113 348 1818 or
businessgrowth@the-lep.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: The City of East Spencer Receives USDA Grant

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) joined Mayor Mallet, USDA Undersecretary Lisa
Mensah, and USDA State Director Randy Gore to announce a $75,000 grant from USDA
for Rural Development.





 "This grant will assist low-income residents in Rowan County to preserve and
rehabilitate their homes" said Congresswoman Adams. "I appreciate Undersecretary
Mensah's and State Director Gore's advocacy for USDA's investment in East
Spencer and I applaud Mayor Mallet's leadership. Together, we secured this vital
funding."



 "This grant will have a lasting impact on the community", said Mayor Barbara
Mallet. "We are building a stronger community with initiatives like the rural
housing grant and proving ourselves to be more resilient than we ever believed."




 "The Housing Preservation Grants program is one of many by USDA Rural
Development to help ensure that rural residents have access to safe, affordable
housing" said USDA State Director Randy Gore. "USDA not only helps people buy
and rent homes, but helps them maintain their residences after they move in."



 In North Carolina USDA has provided $1.3 million in Housing Preservation Grants
since the start of the Obama Administration.  Nationally, USDA has provided $51
million in Housing Preservation Grants.  These grants have leveraged more than
$184 million to repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development in North Carolina has invested over $11
billion to start or expand rural businesses; helped rural residents buy homes;
funded community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped
bring high-speed Internet access to rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: The City of East Spencer Receives USDA Grant

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) joined Mayor Mallet, USDA Undersecretary Lisa
Mensah, and USDA State Director Randy Gore to announce a $75,000 grant from USDA
for Rural Development.





 "This grant will assist low-income residents in Rowan County to preserve and
rehabilitate their homes" said Congresswoman Adams. "I appreciate Undersecretary
Mensah's and State Director Gore's advocacy for USDA's investment in East
Spencer and I applaud Mayor Mallet's leadership. Together, we secured this vital
funding."



 "This grant will have a lasting impact on the community", said Mayor Barbara
Mallet. "We are building a stronger community with initiatives like the rural
housing grant and proving ourselves to be more resilient than we ever believed."




 "The Housing Preservation Grants program is one of many by USDA Rural
Development to help ensure that rural residents have access to safe, affordable
housing" said USDA State Director Randy Gore. "USDA not only helps people buy
and rent homes, but helps them maintain their residences after they move in."



 In North Carolina USDA has provided $1.3 million in Housing Preservation Grants
since the start of the Obama Administration.  Nationally, USDA has provided $51
million in Housing Preservation Grants.  These grants have leveraged more than
$184 million to repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development in North Carolina has invested over $11
billion to start or expand rural businesses; helped rural residents buy homes;
funded community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped
bring high-speed Internet access to rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Hereford Times

                            February 12, 2012 Sunday

Rural grants of £60m go up for grabs for Herefordshire farmers

SECTION: FARMING (HEREFORD NEWS FARMING)

LENGTH: 217 words


HEREFORDSHIRE farmers have a chance to benefit from a multi-million pound grant
scheme.

From the end of February the Rural Economy Grant Scheme, worth up to £60 million
in total, will be launched.

The scheme will deliver grants of up to £1m, aimed at micro and SME businesses
to boost farm competiveness and support significant growth in particular for
agri-food, rural tourism, forestry, renewable energy and high growth sectors.

The Rural Economy Grant is another measure to be introduced under the Rural
Development Program for England and adds to the Farming and Forestry Improvement
Scheme (FFIS) launched in November.

The FFIS is a scheme of support, developed to help farming, forestry and
horticultural businesses in England to become more efficient at using resources.
There is £20m available under FFIS until December 2013.

The grants are for capital items and the grant rate available is up to 40 per
cent in non upland areas, and up to 50 per cent in upland areas and the maximum
grant allowable per project is £25,000. The minimum grant is £2,500.

Ashley Lilley, of Savills which has worked with rural clients to access funding
under previous schemes, said: "The Rural Economy Grant Scheme and FFIS offer a
golden opportunity to get new ideas off the ground for farming and other rural
business."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 1024  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 http://www.usda.gov/cgi-bin/usdarss.pl?navid  At the 8th Tribal Nations
Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in Washington, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's support for tribal
communities with $9 million in new funds to support community development and
education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
has invested more than $3 billion in economic development efforts for Native
Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project on Medium.com This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. and read Chapter Eight: The People's Department: A New Era for Civil
Rights at USDA

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

WIU Peace Corps Fellows Awarded USDA $96K Grant to Serve Small Business in Rural
IL

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Macomb: Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:



  Rural communities in Illinois, and graduate students at Western Illinois
University will, once again, be supported by a Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)-Rural Development. In late
August, staff members in Western's Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in
Community Development were notified they had received another $96,000 grant
award from the USDA's RBDG program.





 According to Karen Mauldin-Curtis, PCF program manager, the funding will expand
the ability of the PCF program to place and support at least four graduate
interns in rural communities. She said the funding helps offset the sponsorship
cost to communities that wish to host a Peace Corps Fellow, and it enables the
program to serve rural communities that might not otherwise have access to the
technical assistance the Fellows provide through the program.



 "The students fill the need for trained individuals to coordinate community and
economic development projects. The target area is comprised of small, rural
communities across the state. Communities projected to be included are Stockton,
Mt. Carroll, Oregon, Carthage and Argenta," she explained. "This project began
September 1 and will run through August 31, 2017. We're very fortunate that
USDA-RD has been a long-time partner; over the last 20 years, the agency has
invested more than $800,000 in our program in support of the work we do to
assist small, rural communities with their community and economic development
goals."



 Western's Peace Corps Fellows Program is situated in the Illinois Institute for
Rural Affairs (IIRA) at WIU. According to IIRA Director Chris Merrett, the
funding helps to create a reciprocal learning experience for the Fellows and the
host communities.



 "The PCF brings his or her international experience and enthusiasm to the host
community to help each community achieve some of its community-development
goals," Merrett noted. "On the other hand, the members of the host community
also teach each Fellow many skills. Local leaders in the host communities have
typically been enthusiastic about sharing their leadership and administrative
knowledge with the PCFs, thus, the USDA funding helps foster a win-win
situation, in which the PCFs and the host communities benefit mutually from the
partnership."



 Merrett added the grant award is an essential part of the PCF program and not
only helps the students and communities, but also helps the University overall,
as well.



 "This award will continue to help WIU recruit top-notch graduate
students--individuals who have traveled the world, speak at least two languages
and have a history of high achievement," he said. "These students enrich the
graduate school experiences in their WIU host departments."

 Long-Term Impact and Award-Winning Service



 The USDA-Rural Development's investment in the PCF program continues to support
long-lasting, positive impact in each community.



 "A recent example of this can be found in the community of Durand,"
Mauldin-Curtis said. "With support from a previous RBDG, we placed a Peace Corps
Fellow in Durand, and the arrangement was so successful that, as the 11-month
assignment neared completion, the community created a community and economic
development director position and hired the Fellow to stay on after his
internship ended. In the two years since the placement occurred, Durand has
continued to show growth in the small business sector, and job creation
continues."



 She added that USDA-Rural Development has been an essential partner in the PCF
program's success, both as a funding agency and also as a technical resource to
Fellows during their internships, as the PCF WIU students, and the communities
they serve, benefit from the strong network of USDA-RD programs and staff across
the state.



 WIU's Peace Corps Fellows Program is in its 22nd year of service to rural
communities in Illinois. Over the years, the program has received distinguished
awards, recognizing its innovative practices and contributions to the field of
community and economic development. In 2014, the program was recognized by
Innovations in Civic Participation and America's Service Commissions as one of
the nation's most innovative AmeriCorps Programs in the field of economic
opportunity. In 2010, the program received the Excellence in Community
Development Award from the University Economic Development Association (UEDA)
and was also recognized by Innovations in Civic Participation as Illinois' most
innovative AmeriCorps Program.



 "In addition, individual Fellows have been recognized for their outstanding
academic achievements on campus and service to communities off campus. One
indicator of the long-term impact and success of the Fellows program is the many
economic development projects implemented in the more than 150 communities
served since 1994," Mauldin-Curtis said.



 For more information, contact Mauldin-Curtis at (309) 298-2706. Learn more
about the WIU/IIRA Peace Corps Fellows Program in Community Development at
www.wiu.edu/pcf.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

WIU Peace Corps Fellows Awarded USDA $96K Grant to Serve Small Business in Rural
IL

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Macomb: Western Illinois University has issued the following news release:



  Rural communities in Illinois, and graduate students at Western Illinois
University will, once again, be supported by a Rural Business Development Grant
(RBDG) from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)-Rural Development. In late
August, staff members in Western's Peace Corps Fellows (PCF) Program in
Community Development were notified they had received another $96,000 grant
award from the USDA's RBDG program.





 According to Karen Mauldin-Curtis, PCF program manager, the funding will expand
the ability of the PCF program to place and support at least four graduate
interns in rural communities. She said the funding helps offset the sponsorship
cost to communities that wish to host a Peace Corps Fellow, and it enables the
program to serve rural communities that might not otherwise have access to the
technical assistance the Fellows provide through the program.



 "The students fill the need for trained individuals to coordinate community and
economic development projects. The target area is comprised of small, rural
communities across the state. Communities projected to be included are Stockton,
Mt. Carroll, Oregon, Carthage and Argenta," she explained. "This project began
September 1 and will run through August 31, 2017. We're very fortunate that
USDA-RD has been a long-time partner; over the last 20 years, the agency has
invested more than $800,000 in our program in support of the work we do to
assist small, rural communities with their community and economic development
goals."



 Western's Peace Corps Fellows Program is situated in the Illinois Institute for
Rural Affairs (IIRA) at WIU. According to IIRA Director Chris Merrett, the
funding helps to create a reciprocal learning experience for the Fellows and the
host communities.



 "The PCF brings his or her international experience and enthusiasm to the host
community to help each community achieve some of its community-development
goals," Merrett noted. "On the other hand, the members of the host community
also teach each Fellow many skills. Local leaders in the host communities have
typically been enthusiastic about sharing their leadership and administrative
knowledge with the PCFs, thus, the USDA funding helps foster a win-win
situation, in which the PCFs and the host communities benefit mutually from the
partnership."



 Merrett added the grant award is an essential part of the PCF program and not
only helps the students and communities, but also helps the University overall,
as well.



 "This award will continue to help WIU recruit top-notch graduate
students--individuals who have traveled the world, speak at least two languages
and have a history of high achievement," he said. "These students enrich the
graduate school experiences in their WIU host departments."

 Long-Term Impact and Award-Winning Service



 The USDA-Rural Development's investment in the PCF program continues to support
long-lasting, positive impact in each community.



 "A recent example of this can be found in the community of Durand,"
Mauldin-Curtis said. "With support from a previous RBDG, we placed a Peace Corps
Fellow in Durand, and the arrangement was so successful that, as the 11-month
assignment neared completion, the community created a community and economic
development director position and hired the Fellow to stay on after his
internship ended. In the two years since the placement occurred, Durand has
continued to show growth in the small business sector, and job creation
continues."



 She added that USDA-Rural Development has been an essential partner in the PCF
program's success, both as a funding agency and also as a technical resource to
Fellows during their internships, as the PCF WIU students, and the communities
they serve, benefit from the strong network of USDA-RD programs and staff across
the state.



 WIU's Peace Corps Fellows Program is in its 22nd year of service to rural
communities in Illinois. Over the years, the program has received distinguished
awards, recognizing its innovative practices and contributions to the field of
community and economic development. In 2014, the program was recognized by
Innovations in Civic Participation and America's Service Commissions as one of
the nation's most innovative AmeriCorps Programs in the field of economic
opportunity. In 2010, the program received the Excellence in Community
Development Award from the University Economic Development Association (UEDA)
and was also recognized by Innovations in Civic Participation as Illinois' most
innovative AmeriCorps Program.



 "In addition, individual Fellows have been recognized for their outstanding
academic achievements on campus and service to communities off campus. One
indicator of the long-term impact and success of the Fellows program is the many
economic development projects implemented in the more than 150 communities
served since 1994," Mauldin-Curtis said.



 For more information, contact Mauldin-Curtis at (309) 298-2706. Learn more
about the WIU/IIRA Peace Corps Fellows Program in Community Development at
www.wiu.edu/pcf.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Session to help access £933,000

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 8-9

LENGTH: 309  words


A FREE information event to help rural businesses tap into  £933,000 worth of
funding will be held at Hilton House Hotel.

The evening hopes to help small, rural businesses access development money which
has been introduced as part of the D2N2  scheme  to boost economic growth.

D2N2 is a local enterprise partnership which works to support smaller
businesses in Derby, Derbyshire, Nottingham and Nottinghamshire.

More than a third of the 880,000 jobs in  the  D2N2 area are in rural areas,
and  problems for the rural economy can include reduced income for farmers,
lower than average wages and difficulties in finding business investment.

D2N2 is therefore making £933,000 available to help new or established small or
micro-businesses in rural areas to expand and create new jobs, but accessing the
money can be confusing.

The grants could fund projects including  farmers diversifying into
non-agricultural activities such as tourism or an attraction to create jobs, or
helping  rural food and drink manufacturers.

To be eligible to apply for a grant, the  business must operate in the  rural
D2N2 area and in one of its eight key economic sectors - the visitor economy,
food and drink manufacturing, low carbon, construction, transport equipment
manufacturing, transport and logistics, creative industries or life sciences.

However, the business will also be considered if it is  looking to create new
jobs or increase productivity or introduce new technology.

Grants will range in size from £35,000 to approximately £140,000 and can cover
up to 40 per cent of a project's total costs. Projects must have a total value
of at least £87,500 to be eligible for funding.

A free  information sessions explaining all about the  funding and how to access
it will be held on Wednesday, September 16 from 5pm until 7pm at the  Hilton
House Hotel in  Mill Lane, Hilton.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                 November 2010

Huge Grants for Local Investors

BYLINE: Eriosi Nantaba

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Kampala


Ugandan investors in Renewable Energy and Adaptation to Climate Technologies
(REACT) are set to receive grants of up to U$1.5m from the African Enterprise
Challenge Fund (AECF).

"This fund is aimed at encouraging business ideas of low cost and clean energy
to rural households and businesses," Mr Hugh Scott, the director of the AECF
said during a ceremony to launch the REACT special funding window held in
Kampala recently.

Grants and repayable grants of between U$250,000 and U$1.5 million are
available. Hugh noted that for the business to qualify, it should be
commercially viable and must have a positive impact on the environment. The fund
is an initiative of the UK government under the UKaid and from the department of
International Development.

"We challenge the private sector to respond to this opportunity with enthusiasm
and innovative ideas for development of renewable energy," said Jane Rantoul
head of Dutch Fund for International Development (DFID) Uganda.

The representative from the Ministry of Energy and Mineral development Godfrey
Ndawula was grateful for AECF for their efforts to start up such innovations
that aim at conserving energy. "It is designed to stimulate investment by the
Private Sector in the area of energy conservation adaptation to climate change
since Uganda's climate is now unreliable," said Ndawula.

He noted that many Ugandans were willing to invest in such ventures but lacked
finance and the fund will enable them implement their projects. The government
of Uganda has several incentives among others 12,000 biogas digesters for the
rural poor. To date a total of 20 projects can be funded provided they undergo a
series of competitions set by AECF.

"Business proposals are sent and these undergo a series of competition done on
the basis of independent judgment and after qualifying for the grant, the
individual is given the money," said Hugh. AECF at the time is targeting
countries under the East African Community and so far it has been launched in
Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda and Burundi.

Energy sources to invest in include among others biomass, micro hydro, solar,
wind and geothermal. The main objective of AECF is to develop African rural poor
especially those below the poverty line. "The business can be located anywhere
even outside Africa provided the benefits come back to Africa to deliver
employment and income, reduce costs and improve productivity," said Hugh.

AECF is a competition open only to profit companies that include both African
and International companies but proposed projects must take place in one of the
East African Community countries.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

Farm, rural businesses get federal grants for energy projects

BYLINE: Anthony Brino BDN Staff

LENGTH: 379 words


Seven Maine businesses are getting funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development to help with the costs of renewable energy and efficiency
improvements.


Two Aroostook County farms, GrandyOats in Hiram and four other businesses in
coastal communities have received a collective $66,000 in grants under the
ongoing Rural Energy for America Program, or REAP. The projects range from solar
panel arrays to software-controlled potato storage and LED lighting.


"These systems will help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future,
retaining critical jobs in Maine's rural communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Virginia Manuel, who was in Caribou speaking at the
Maine Potato Conference.


In The County, Irving Farms in Caribou is receiving $2,656 from the REAP program
to upgrade two potato storage ventilation fans. The upgrade will include new
motors, adjustable frequency and a software-based control that regulates heat
and will save an estimated 14,000 kilowatt hours of energy annually, about what
an average home consumes.


G&S Farms in Fort Kent is receiving $2,743 for a similar upgrade of two existing
potato storage ventilation fans and to replace an incandescent lighting system
with LED fixtures. Altogether, the farm estimates it will save about 15,000
kilowatt hours of electricity.


The four other businesses were awarded grants for solar photovoltaic systems.


GrandyOats, an organic farm and granola company in Hiram, is getting $20,000 to
help pay for a new 80.64 kW solar system, which should produce 95,000 kilowatt
hours of electricity annually. The project makes GrandyOats New England's first
net-zero food facility.


Kremer Glass in North Yarmouth is getting $7,723 for a 19 kW solar system that
will be used to power a new glass production studio.


MDI Clean Energy Partners in Bar Harbor is getting $3,601 to install a new 6.24
kilowatt solar array on a tractor parking canopy structure at the Peggy
Rockefeller Farms at the College of the Atlantic.


Mount Pleasant Dental Care in Rockport is receiving $9,573 for a 12.50 kilowatt
solar array, and Belcon in Belfast is receiving $19,894 to install a 26 kilowatt
solar system at Colonial Gables Oceanfront Village -- enough for about a quarter
of its annual electricity.


Â

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

Farm, rural businesses get federal grants for energy projects

BYLINE: Anthony Brino BDN Staff

LENGTH: 379 words


Seven Maine businesses are getting funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development to help with the costs of renewable energy and efficiency
improvements.


Two Aroostook County farms, GrandyOats in Hiram and four other businesses in
coastal communities have received a collective $66,000 in grants under the
ongoing Rural Energy for America Program, or REAP. The projects range from solar
panel arrays to software-controlled potato storage and LED lighting.


"These systems will help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future,
retaining critical jobs in Maine's rural communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Virginia Manuel, who was in Caribou speaking at the
Maine Potato Conference.


In The County, Irving Farms in Caribou is receiving $2,656 from the REAP program
to upgrade two potato storage ventilation fans. The upgrade will include new
motors, adjustable frequency and a software-based control that regulates heat
and will save an estimated 14,000 kilowatt hours of energy annually, about what
an average home consumes.


G&S Farms in Fort Kent is receiving $2,743 for a similar upgrade of two existing
potato storage ventilation fans and to replace an incandescent lighting system
with LED fixtures. Altogether, the farm estimates it will save about 15,000
kilowatt hours of electricity.


The four other businesses were awarded grants for solar photovoltaic systems.


GrandyOats, an organic farm and granola company in Hiram, is getting $20,000 to
help pay for a new 80.64 kW solar system, which should produce 95,000 kilowatt
hours of electricity annually. The project makes GrandyOats New England's first
net-zero food facility.


Kremer Glass in North Yarmouth is getting $7,723 for a 19 kW solar system that
will be used to power a new glass production studio.


MDI Clean Energy Partners in Bar Harbor is getting $3,601 to install a new 6.24
kilowatt solar array on a tractor parking canopy structure at the Peggy
Rockefeller Farms at the College of the Atlantic.


Mount Pleasant Dental Care in Rockport is receiving $9,573 for a 12.50 kilowatt
solar array, and Belcon in Belfast is receiving $19,894 to install a 26 kilowatt
solar system at Colonial Gables Oceanfront Village -- enough for about a quarter
of its annual electricity.


Â

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

Farm, rural businesses get federal grants for energy projects

BYLINE: Anthony Brino BDN Staff

LENGTH: 379 words


Seven Maine businesses are getting funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development to help with the costs of renewable energy and efficiency
improvements.


Two Aroostook County farms, GrandyOats in Hiram and four other businesses in
coastal communities have received a collective $66,000 in grants under the
ongoing Rural Energy for America Program, or REAP. The projects range from solar
panel arrays to software-controlled potato storage and LED lighting.


"These systems will help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future,
retaining critical jobs in Maine's rural communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Virginia Manuel, who was in Caribou speaking at the
Maine Potato Conference.


In The County, Irving Farms in Caribou is receiving $2,656 from the REAP program
to upgrade two potato storage ventilation fans. The upgrade will include new
motors, adjustable frequency and a software-based control that regulates heat
and will save an estimated 14,000 kilowatt hours of energy annually, about what
an average home consumes.


G&S Farms in Fort Kent is receiving $2,743 for a similar upgrade of two existing
potato storage ventilation fans and to replace an incandescent lighting system
with LED fixtures. Altogether, the farm estimates it will save about 15,000
kilowatt hours of electricity.


The four other businesses were awarded grants for solar photovoltaic systems.


GrandyOats, an organic farm and granola company in Hiram, is getting $20,000 to
help pay for a new 80.64 kW solar system, which should produce 95,000 kilowatt
hours of electricity annually. The project makes GrandyOats New England's first
net-zero food facility.


Kremer Glass in North Yarmouth is getting $7,723 for a 19 kW solar system that
will be used to power a new glass production studio.


MDI Clean Energy Partners in Bar Harbor is getting $3,601 to install a new 6.24
kilowatt solar array on a tractor parking canopy structure at the Peggy
Rockefeller Farms at the College of the Atlantic.


Mount Pleasant Dental Care in Rockport is receiving $9,573 for a 12.50 kilowatt
solar array, and Belcon in Belfast is receiving $19,894 to install a 26 kilowatt
solar system at Colonial Gables Oceanfront Village -- enough for about a quarter
of its annual electricity.


Â

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

Farm, rural businesses get federal grants for energy projects

BYLINE: Anthony Brino BDN Staff

LENGTH: 379 words


Seven Maine businesses are getting funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development to help with the costs of renewable energy and efficiency
improvements.


Two Aroostook County farms, GrandyOats in Hiram and four other businesses in
coastal communities have received a collective $66,000 in grants under the
ongoing Rural Energy for America Program, or REAP. The projects range from solar
panel arrays to software-controlled potato storage and LED lighting.


"These systems will help the businesses to be sustainable now and in the future,
retaining critical jobs in Maine's rural communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Virginia Manuel, who was in Caribou speaking at the
Maine Potato Conference.


In The County, Irving Farms in Caribou is receiving $2,656 from the REAP program
to upgrade two potato storage ventilation fans. The upgrade will include new
motors, adjustable frequency and a software-based control that regulates heat
and will save an estimated 14,000 kilowatt hours of energy annually, about what
an average home consumes.


G&S Farms in Fort Kent is receiving $2,743 for a similar upgrade of two existing
potato storage ventilation fans and to replace an incandescent lighting system
with LED fixtures. Altogether, the farm estimates it will save about 15,000
kilowatt hours of electricity.


The four other businesses were awarded grants for solar photovoltaic systems.


GrandyOats, an organic farm and granola company in Hiram, is getting $20,000 to
help pay for a new 80.64 kW solar system, which should produce 95,000 kilowatt
hours of electricity annually. The project makes GrandyOats New England's first
net-zero food facility.


Kremer Glass in North Yarmouth is getting $7,723 for a 19 kW solar system that
will be used to power a new glass production studio.


MDI Clean Energy Partners in Bar Harbor is getting $3,601 to install a new 6.24
kilowatt solar array on a tractor parking canopy structure at the Peggy
Rockefeller Farms at the College of the Atlantic.


Mount Pleasant Dental Care in Rockport is receiving $9,573 for a 12.50 kilowatt
solar array, and Belcon in Belfast is receiving $19,894 to install a 26 kilowatt
solar system at Colonial Gables Oceanfront Village -- enough for about a quarter
of its annual electricity.


Â

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 24, 2009 Monday
                                  All Editions

Michaud announces snowsled club funding

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: MILO


Rep. Mike Michaud recently announced that Devil Sledders Inc. of Milo and
Otisfield Trailblazers of Otisfield will receive more than $75,000 in funding
from the United States Department of Agriculture to assist the clubs with the
purchase of snowmobile trail groomers.

Devil Sledders Inc. will receive $50,000 and Otisfield Trailblazers will receive
$27,793. The funding comes from the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program,
which is administered by USDA's Rural Development Office.

Michaud said the funds will help tourism and increase economic activity for
small businesses in Milo, Otisfield and surrounding areas.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program provides funding for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.
It also funds distance learning networks and employment-related adult education
programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Sled clubs in Otisfield, Milo get USDA funds

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 119 words

DATELINE: EAST MILLINOCKET


Devil Sledders Inc. of Milo and Otisfield Trailblazers of Otisfield will receive
more than $75,000 in funding from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Devil Sledders Inc. will receive $50,000, and Otisfield Trailblazers will
receive $27,793.

The funding comes from the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program, which is
administered by USDA's Rural Development Office. The grants will be used to
assist in the purchase of snowmobile trail groomers for each club.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grants program provides funding for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.
It also funds distance learning networks and employment related adult education
programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             April 14, 2008 Monday

Grant to mean jobs for Downs

BYLINE: By Bob Holliday;bholliday@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 339 words


DOWNS - A $300,000 federal grant will help finance extension of a water main to
Downs Crossing and lead to creation of 28 jobs, Mayor Jeff Schwartz said.

"That's a lot of job opportunities for my citizens," Schwartz said, adding the
additional commercial development that the water main will help generate could
lead to more sales tax for the village.

The jobs would be connected to a senior citizens' assisted living facility
expected to be built at Downs Crossing. Schwartz said the facility is 1½ to 2
years away from construction.

The grant comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant program and goes to Corn Belt Energy Corp.,
Bloomington. Corn Belt will establish a revolving loan fund, of which Downs will
be the first borrower.

The 10-year loan that Downs will receive carries no interest, said Molly
Hammond, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural
Development.

The water main, together with sewers for the commercial development at U.S. 150
and Towanda Barnes Road, is expected to prompt economic development there.

The water main extension will cost about $1 million total, with much of the cost
being paid out of tax-increment finance funds, Schwartz said.

Schwartz hopes work on the water line extension could begin late this year or
early next year.

Downs Crossing has three businesses now: a bank, Corn Belt Energy, and storage
facilities. However, Schwartz foresees a convenience store and car wash and
senior citizen condos in addition to the assisted living facility.

Hammond said 64 loans and grants totaling more than $30 million were awarded to
assist rural communities and businesses in 19 states.

Corn Belt was among four Illinois electric cooperatives awarded a total of $2.82
million for projects expected to create and retain jobs in their rural service
areas.

CUTLINE:

PUB:  The Pantagraph

PUB DATE:  20080414

Section:  News

EDITION:  Main

QRKPAGE:  1

PAGE SLUG:  A1

XMLFILE:  31075149.txt

DOC NAME:  A01 041408 downs crossing

CREATOR:

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: /* //JCL004 EXEC JCL004,COND=(0,NE), // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //
//I1A<RPCODE> JOB (PR,33FB,0,99,0,,,,,0A0F00FA,0A0C00CQ,A4858,), // 'NEWSVIEW:
<RPCODE>', // MSGCLASS=X, // CLASS=I /*ROUTE XEQ DCC /*JOBPARM
S=ANY,PROCLIB=PROCIPOP /*ROUTE PRINT DCC //JOBLIB DD
DSN=PI00.LPA00.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR // DD DSN=PI00.LPA99.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR //RJEIP
EXEC MDCRJEDK, // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //SYSUT1 DD *

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             April 2, 2002, Tuesday

PAIR GRANTED CHANCE TO CARVE OUT A FUTURE

BYLINE: Sarah Probert

SECTION: ROP; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 460 words


A father and daughter who carved out their future in a furniture business had
high hopes for the ten-year partnership until foot and mouth threatened to crush
the family firm.

Louise Morrey and her father John, who established the quality wooden furniture
and hand-painted crafts business in Staffordshire, were devastated by the crisis
after agricultural shows, which they relied on to sell their products, were
cancelled.

But The Brockwood Collection at Audley near Stoke-on-Trent has enjoyed a second
chance after receiving a rural recovery grant as part of an aid package from
regional development agency, Advantage West Midlands.

The grant has helped the pair upgrade machinery and market their firm through
brochures and the Internet. 'We had to evaluate where the business was heading,
with no agricultural shows we needed to ensure that we explored all the avenues
to make sure we survived the crisis,' Miss Morrey said.

The rural recovery fund, set up by AWM, has helped hundreds of businesses hit by
the outbreak.

Tina Carter, owner of a mobile equestrian shop, Saddle Up, faced an uncertain
future in the wake of the epidemic. The small rural enterprise in Wheaton Aston,
Staffordshire, received a grant from the rural recovery fund, which was critical
to the recovery of her business.

She said: 'Foot and mouth cut my daily business activity right down the middle.

'I travelled extensively across Staffordshire to riding schools and various
equine establishments and all of that had to stop due to the regulations put
upon people during the crisis.

'The business is going from strength to strength and I am confident the grant
has enabled the business to make a full recovery.'

Rural firms which received help from the fund will take part in a seminar in
Staffordshire on April 10.

Rural United, the Midlands first farming and rural business event, is at the
County Showground in Stafford.

Tesco is to throw down the gauntlet to British agriculture at a Midland
conference this month in a bid to increase its organic market by pounds 1
billion within five years.

The company, which currently imports 80 per cent of its organic produce, hopes
to increase the amount of pesticide and herbicide-free food produced in Britain.

The one-day seminar at Harper Adams University College in Newport, Shropshire,
will be a forum in which farmers and producers can hear about issues that will
shape the development of the organic market.

It will feature a group of high-profile speakers and hear about challenges
facing organic producers, the increased understanding of requirements of
customers and offer an insight into alternatives to traditional herbicides and
pesticides at the conference on April 17.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             April 2, 2002, Tuesday

PAIR GRANTED CHANCE TO CARVE OUT A FUTURE

BYLINE: Sarah Probert

SECTION: ROP; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 460 words


A father and daughter who carved out their future in a furniture business had
high hopes for the ten-year partnership until foot and mouth threatened to crush
the family firm.

Louise Morrey and her father John, who established the quality wooden furniture
and hand-painted crafts business in Staffordshire, were devastated by the crisis
after agricultural shows, which they relied on to sell their products, were
cancelled.

But The Brockwood Collection at Audley near Stoke-on-Trent has enjoyed a second
chance after receiving a rural recovery grant as part of an aid package from
regional development agency, Advantage West Midlands.

The grant has helped the pair upgrade machinery and market their firm through
brochures and the Internet. 'We had to evaluate where the business was heading,
with no agricultural shows we needed to ensure that we explored all the avenues
to make sure we survived the crisis,' Miss Morrey said.

The rural recovery fund, set up by AWM, has helped hundreds of businesses hit by
the outbreak.

Tina Carter, owner of a mobile equestrian shop, Saddle Up, faced an uncertain
future in the wake of the epidemic. The small rural enterprise in Wheaton Aston,
Staffordshire, received a grant from the rural recovery fund, which was critical
to the recovery of her business.

She said: 'Foot and mouth cut my daily business activity right down the middle.

'I travelled extensively across Staffordshire to riding schools and various
equine establishments and all of that had to stop due to the regulations put
upon people during the crisis.

'The business is going from strength to strength and I am confident the grant
has enabled the business to make a full recovery.'

Rural firms which received help from the fund will take part in a seminar in
Staffordshire on April 10.

Rural United, the Midlands first farming and rural business event, is at the
County Showground in Stafford.

Tesco is to throw down the gauntlet to British agriculture at a Midland
conference this month in a bid to increase its organic market by pounds 1
billion within five years.

The company, which currently imports 80 per cent of its organic produce, hopes
to increase the amount of pesticide and herbicide-free food produced in Britain.

The one-day seminar at Harper Adams University College in Newport, Shropshire,
will be a forum in which farmers and producers can hear about issues that will
shape the development of the organic market.

It will feature a group of high-profile speakers and hear about challenges
facing organic producers, the increased understanding of requirements of
customers and offer an insight into alternatives to traditional herbicides and
pesticides at the conference on April 17.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The West Briton

                               December 16, 2004

Taking farm and rural tourism seriously

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Others; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 618 words


This increasingly important tourism sector has been tapping into a
ground-breaking grants scheme, set up in 2001 specifically to fund marketing
projects and activities.  This month the scheme, which is funded by Objective
One and administered by the South West's leading rural tourism company
Cartwheel, will officially have paid out £1m to rural tourism enterprises, with
another £700,000 already allocated.

"Anyone who still thinks tourism is a hobby industry for farmers should think
again," says Gina Woodcraft, chief executive of Cartwheel.

"The success of this scheme proves it's being taken seriously, as more and more
enterprises take the necessary steps to become more professional, provide a
quality product and address profitability.

"The access it provides to marketing advisors and practical expertise, as well
as funding, has been invaluable in ensuring rural tourism enterprises achieve
maximum benefit from marketing." Cartwheel's Rural Tourism Marketing Grants
scheme can award up to 50 per cent of costs for marketing projects of up to
£150,000.  Projects could entail assistance with marketing an existing or new
business, promoting a new service or facility, or the major re-branding of an
existing operation.

The award winning Pollaughan Farm on the Roseland Peninsula is just one of the
hundreds of rural enterprises to have received money through the Cartwheel
scheme.  "We wanted to market our business so it stood out," says Valerie Penny
of Pollaughan Farm, which offers environmentally aware and disabled-friendly
self catering accommodation.

"The marketing grants have made it possible for us to think bigger and achieve
better results.  It's money for free, and it's not a difficult process to access
it." To date, Cartwheel has awarded 430 grants to part fund a variety of
marketing activities, including brochures, websites, PR, signage, direct mail
campaigns, vehicle livery and a whole lot more.

The scheme also provides grant assistance for a marketing audit, which involves
an approved marketing adviser helping to assess a business's marketing needs.

Thelma Sorensen, chairman of the Cornwall Business Partnership and a member of
the marketing grants scheme appraisal panel, is a big fan of the scheme.

"The projects being developed with the support of Cartwheel are of a high
quality, and I believe will have a significant impact on Cornwall's rural
economy.  The grants are helping farm enterprises explore and realise
aspirations that would otherwise have been beyond their means." With the
introduction of the Single Farm Payment in 2005, Cartwheel's Gina Woodcraft is
expecting even more interest in the marketing grants scheme.

"The great news is that there's still money in the pot, so farm-based
enterprises wishing to explore tourism can access funding and support that will
help them develop professional, sustainable businesses." To be eligible for the
Rural Tourism Marketing Grants scheme, the business must have a land area of
more than 5 acres, have an agricultural holding number, have a minimum income of
£1,500 from primary agricultural activity, eg. grass keeps, livery, demonstrate
sound environmental policies and encourage prudent use of natural resources and
show stable levels of economic growth and local employment.

Funded activities include marketing reviews, website and e-commerce development,
PR and promotions, specialist advertising, brochures, stationery, and exhibition
materials.

A fast track service is provided for applications of under £3,000.  To find out
more about the Rural Tourism Marketing Grants scheme, contact Cartwheel on 01392
877842, email info@cartwheel.org.uk or visit www.farmtourism.co.uk.


LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2004 The West Briton


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 3, 2007 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Grants now availablefor broadband service

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 158 words


U.S. Department of Agriculture Deputy Secretary Chuck Connor has announced that
$8.9 million in grants are now available to communities without broadband
service.

The grants are intended to provide residential broadband service and to connect
facilities such as police and fire stations, health care facilities, libraries
and schools.

Michael Aube, Maine's USDA rural development director, said Maine municipalities
are eligible for the grants.

"Rural connectivity is an issue of great importance to Maine. With a significant
majority of small businesses and public and nonprofit entities being located in
rural areas of the state, the need for connectivity infrastructure is great,"
Aube said in a statement.

Applications are due Aug. 13 for the grants, which will range from $50,000 to $1
million.

For more information on the applications, visit www.usda.gov/rus/telecom/.

For more information on rural development and the USDA, visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£2m LEADER programme to boost region's rural economy;
FARMING

BYLINE: ROBERT GIBSON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 481 words


MORE than £2m worth of European funding has been made available for projects
that help strengthen the economy of rural areas across the North East.

The North Pennine Dales (NPD) LEADER programme is seeking applications for
grants to fund projects that improve farm and forestry production, boost rural
tourism or support small and micro businesses and farm diversifi-cation.

Bids are also welcome for projects that provide cultural and heritage activities
or that offer rural services.

The LEADER programme is part of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural
Affair's Rural Development Programme for England and is funded by the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development. It aims to target areas that
communities themselves see as a priority, supporting strong and sustainable
rural economic growth, building more resilient communities and conserving the
landscape and environment of the North Pennine Dales.

Durham County Council acts as the accountable body for the (EURO)2.666m
initiative, which runs until 2020 and covers an extensive rural area across
Gateshead, County Durham and south Northumberland.

Cabinet member for rural issues Eddie Tomlinson, said: "The LEADER programme
promises more jobs and stronger economies for rural areas across the region.

"By offering funding towards priorities that local communities themselves feel
are important, these projects can make a real difference for generations to
come, so we'd encourage everyone in the area with ideas to get in touch."

Decisions on which projects should receive grants are the responsibility of the
North Pennine Dales Local Action Group (LAG) Executive.

Supported by Durham County Council, the body will assess eligibility, strategic
fit to national and local priorities, the need for the project, the value for
money it generates, requirements for public funding, deliverability and
sustainability.

The LAG Executive meets bi-monthly to review applications, with the next meeting
taking place on January 12.

For applicants, an accompanying handbook is available, in which chairman Steven
Robson says: "The challenges facing our rural communities over the next five
years are reflected in the aspirations of our Local Development Strategy.

"The need to support communities across our area and build their capacity for
economic development will be central to the work of the new LEADER programme and
will be key area of focus for the Local Action Group.

"As a group, we must work to encourage strong and sustainable economic growth
and employment for our communities, through investment in the creation and
growth of micro and small enterprises, farm diversifications and social and
community businesses and by supporting development of business networks, of
rural business hubs and their services."

For more information, email northpenninedales@durham.gov.uk, call 03000 266 895
or visit www.durham.gov.uk/npdleader.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <BDurham County Council cabinet member for rural issues Cllr Eddie
Tomlinson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

Stimulus funds tapped for rural infrastructure projects

BYLINE: Gail Burkhardt, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


June 07--In 2010, rural communities received a significant increase in U.S.
Rural Development grant and loan funding through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act.

Although that money has been allocated already, U.S. Department of Agriculture
representatives and Hidalgo County communities hope the improvements it funds
will help for years to come in a tough economy.

USDA Rural Development "can build everything from the ground up," said Paco
Valentin, the Texas USDA Rural Development state director.

Small rural communities can apply for grant and loan money to support
environmental and water programs, housing and infrastructure improvements,
business grants and more. Each category has different eligibility requirements,
including population.

The state of Texas received $2.1 billion in USDA Rural Development funds in
2010, with about $499 million of that coming from the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, more commonly known as the stimulus package. That amount was
about $868 million more than Texas received in 2009. The United States allocated
about $31.3 billion for USDA Rural Development throughout the U.S. in 2009 and
$42.5 billion in 2010.

In 2009, Hidalgo County communities received a total of about $7.8 million from
USDA Rural Development, but in 2010, the loan and grant money went up to about
$41.6 million. The amount of money the county receives depends on how many
entities apply and are approved for funding.

"Stimulus money has helped us tremendously," Valentin said May 19, during an
announcement of $7.1 million in USDA grant and loan funding for three Hidalgo
County cities. That funding came from the 2010 fiscal year budget.

Hidalgo County communities have received $1.8 million so far in the 2011 fiscal
year, which began Oct. 1.

Despite the expected decrease of money available in 2011, local cities are still
benefitting from the large grants and loans they received in 2010.

Benefits of large investment typically take 18 months to two years to become
apparent, said Victor Vasquez, the deputy undersecretary for USDA Rural
Development. Communities in Hidalgo County and across the country are now seeing
the benefits of the stimulus package.

"I can't even begin to tell you how good personally I felt that the U.S.
Congress supported the Reinvestment Act," he said.

Vasquez used Sharyland Water Supply Corp. as an example of the growth stimulus
money garnered.

The water supplier received a loan of about $18.6 million and a $3.5 million
grant to build a new water treatment plant.

The construction crews and other contractors who are working on the plant's
construction are one small example of new jobs provided by the stimulus, Vasquez
said. Such projects also improve the quality of life and bring in business.

In order to receive the funds, however, the water supplier must first use up its
$9 million in reserves, then use the loan money and then use the grant, said
Sherilyn Dahlberg, the general manager.

"We knew that they might ask us to spend our reserves or a portion of our
reserves, but we didn't know what that number would look like," Dahlberg said,
explaining that she was surprised Sharyland Water Supply would have to spend so
much money to get the loan and grant.

Still, they are grateful for the money.

"We don't have enough money in reserves to do everything we need to do," she
said. "The loan was certainly necessary to improve our facilities."

The city of Penitas received a larger percentage of grant money for its
wastewater project. The city received about $6.5 million through three different
grants and three loans of about $3.4 million received in 2008, 2009 and 2010.
Another application is out with USDA for $8.3 million more to extend sewer
service outside the city's limits but within its extraterritorial jurisdiction.

"It's a matter of having them gain confidence in your city that you're able to
handle that project," City Manager Noe Cavazos said, explaining what it takes to
get the funding approved.

The city of Mercedes will replace its aging fire station using a $500,000 grant
and a $1.5 million loan from the USDA Rural Development. Construction will begin
soon, City Manager Richard Garcia said.

Like most other small cities, Mercedes would have had a tough time completing
the project without the money, Garcia said.

Gail Burkhardt covers Mission, western Hidalgo County, Starr County and general
assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at (956) 683-4462.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110607-MC-Stimulus-funds-tapped-for-rural
-infrastructure-projects-0607-20110607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 6, 2011 Monday

Stimulus funds tapped for rural infrastructure projects

BYLINE: Gail Burkhardt, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


June 06--In 2010, rural communities received a significant increase in U.S.
Rural Development grant and loan funding through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act.

Although that money has been allocated already, U.S. Department of Agriculture
representatives and Hidalgo County communities hope the improvements it funds
will help for years to come in a tough economy.

USDA Rural Development "can build everything from the ground up," said Paco
Valentin, the Texas USDA Rural Development state director.

Small rural communities can apply for grant and loan money to support
environmental and water programs, housing and infrastructure improvements,
business grants and more. Each category has different eligibility requirements,
including population.

The state of Texas received $2.1 billion in USDA Rural Development funds in
2010, with about $499 million of that coming from the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, more commonly known as the stimulus package. That amount was
about $868 million more than Texas received in 2009. The United States allocated
about $31.3 billion for USDA Rural Development throughout the U.S. in 2009 and
$42.5 billion in 2010.

In 2009, Hidalgo County communities received a total of about $7.8 million from
USDA Rural Development, but in 2010, the loan and grant money went up to about
$41.6 million. The amount of money the county receives depends on how many
entities apply and are approved for funding.

"Stimulus money has helped us tremendously," Valentin said May 19, during an
announcement of $7.1 million in USDA grant and loan funding for three Hidalgo
County cities. That funding came from the 2010 fiscal year budget.

Hidalgo County communities have received $1.8 million so far in the 2011 fiscal
year, which began Oct. 1.

Despite the expected decrease of money available in 2011, local cities are still
benefitting from the large grants and loans they received in 2010.

Benefits of large investment typically take 18 months to two years to become
apparent, said Victor Vasquez, the deputy undersecretary for USDA Rural
Development. Communities in Hidalgo County and across the country are now seeing
the benefits of the stimulus package.

"I can't even begin to tell you how good personally I felt that the U.S.
Congress supported the Reinvestment Act," he said.

Vasquez used Sharyland Water Supply Corp. as an example of the growth stimulus
money garnered.

The water supplier received a loan of about $18.6 million and a $3.5 million
grant to build a new water treatment plant.

The construction crews and other contractors who are working on the plant's
construction are one small example of new jobs provided by the stimulus, Vasquez
said. Such projects also improve the quality of life and bring in business.

In order to receive the funds, however, the water supplier must first use up its
$9 million in reserves, then use the loan money and then use the grant, said
Sherilyn Dahlberg, the general manager.

"We knew that they might ask us to spend our reserves or a portion of our
reserves, but we didn't know what that number would look like," Dahlberg said,
explaining that she was surprised Sharyland Water Supply would have to spend so
much money to get the loan and grant.

Still, they are grateful for the money.

"We don't have enough money in reserves to do everything we need to do," she
said. "The loan was certainly necessary to improve our facilities."

The city of Penitas received a larger percentage of grant money for its
wastewater project. The city received about $6.5 million through three different
grants and three loans of about $3.4 million received in 2008, 2009 and 2010.
Another application is out with USDA for $8.3 million more to extend sewer
service outside the city's limits but within its extraterritorial jurisdiction.

"It's a matter of having them gain confidence in your city that you're able to
handle that project," City Manager Noe Cavazos said, explaining what it takes to
get the funding approved.

The city of Mercedes will replace its aging fire station using a $500,000 grant
and a $1.5 million loan from the USDA Rural Development. Construction will begin
soon, City Manager Richard Garcia said.

Like most other small cities, Mercedes would have had a tough time completing
the project without the money, Garcia said.

Gail Burkhardt covers Mission, western Hidalgo County, Starr County and general
assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at (956) 683-4462.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110606-MC-Stimulus-funds-tapped-for-rural
-infrastructure-projects-0606-20110606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development reports record financing

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Marking the end of the federal fiscal year, USDA Rural Development
State Director Terry Brunner announced his agency provided an infusion of more
than $384.5 million into New Mexico's economy in FY-2010.

Rural Development, a mission area of the United States Department of
Agriculture, provided financial support for the construction and expansion of
businesses, communication systems, electric systems, homes, water and wastewater
projects and other essential public facilities projects throughout rural New
Mexico in fiscal year 2010.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "Much of the funding that was
obligated in FY-2010 came from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
(ARRA)." Brunner added, "Those funds combined with our regular funding increased
economic opportunity and improved the quality of life throughout rural New
Mexico, even in these different economic times."

Brunner's comments came during a news conference that was held at the USDA Rural
Development's state office in Albuquerque earlier today.

During the news conference Brunner mentioned that in most years loan and grant
programs administered by USDA Rural Development in New Mexico average about $120
million in business. However, in FY-2009 the ARRA funding boosted the total
obligation to $354 million. Combined with this year's obligations of $384.5
million, USDA Rural Development has spent almost three quarters of a billion
dollars in projects since the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was signed
into law on February 17, 2009 by President Obama.

The breakdown of funding by each of USDA Rural Development's programs for
FY-2010 is as follows:

The rural business programs made available $11.6 million for 20 separate
business projects which created or saved 195 estimated jobs.

11,406 individuals received support home loans and grants and other programs for
a total of $79.3 million in FY-2010 through Rural Development's rural housing
program. The housing program used $7.7 million in ARRA funds for FY-2010.

Water and Environmental Programs supported 27 water and wastewater projects with
$54.2 million in FY-2010, which provided clean safe water and sewer service to
thousands of rural New Mexicans. $5.9 million came from ARRA funds assigned to
New Mexico for the Water and Environment Program.

The community facility program provided 14 projects with funds to purchase new
firefighting equipment, build day care centers, community centers, and pay for
the purchase of police cars for a total of $7.1 million with $4.8 million funded
by ARRA financing.

The Rural Utilities Service electric program funded six electric projects for a
total of $198.8 million to upgrade and expand electric service throughout rural
New Mexico. Of this number $63.8 came from ARRA funding for a broadband project
obligated to Kit Carson Electric Cooperative in Taos, New Mexico.

The Rural Utilities Service telecommunications program in rural New Mexico
provided $33.1 million, which funded 7 projects. The funding paid for expanded
broadband and other communication projects in the state affecting thousands of
rural New Mexicans.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Terry Brunner, State Director for the USDA Rural Development, addresses
an audience during a press conference touting record financing by the state
group.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballymena Times

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

Last chance for funding workshop

LENGTH: 384  words


The mandatory pre-application workshops for funding under the Rural Business
Investment scheme through GROW South Antrim are now well underway and there is
only one workshop remaining.

The last workshop will take place on Wednesday, April 6 at 7pm in Mossley Mill.

This is a new process for applying for funding through the Rural Development
Programme and registration and attendance at a pre-registration workshop is
essential if you wish to be considered for funding towards a project this year.

Workshops must be attended by a representative that has authority to sign on
behalf of the organisation - e.g. Business Owner or Company Director.

To register for a workshop, please contact the GROW office on 028 9448 1311 or
email jeni.porter@antrimandnewtownabbey.gov.uk

All workshops to date have been well attended and the final workshop has proved
extremely popular, so register as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.

Councillor Vera McWilliam, Chair of the GROW South Antrim Local Action Group,
said: "This is the final chance for any potential applicants who wish to be
considered to apply for funding our Rural Business Investment Scheme.

"If you are a new business, or an existing business with up to 49 full-time
equivalent employees and have a project idea which you would like to invest in
this year in order to develop or expand, please make sure you register to attend
on the 6 April 2016".

Grants of up to £30,000 are available for new businesses and up to a maximum of
£50,000 is available for existing businesses located in, or which can prove a
significant impact upon, a rural area of Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough
Council, at a 50% grant rate.

For example, if your total project cost is £20,000, you can apply to GROW for a
maximum grant of £10,000.

Please note that some business activities are not eligible for support, details
of eligible activities, as well as additional pre-requisites required to submit
an application including a business plan, and full planning approval if required
can be found on the GROW website www.growsouthantrim.com or by contacting the
GROW office on 028 9448 1311.

The Rural Development Programme 2014-2020 is part financed by the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the Department of
Agriculture and Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

CLA urges support for rural growth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 372 words


The Government's Localism Bill must do more to help deliver economic growth in
rural communities like the Westcountry, the Country Land and Business
Association has warned.

The association said it supported elements of the Bill currently going through
Parliament, which aims to give local people a greater say in decisions that
affect them.

But it said amendments were necessary if the Bill was to help sustain the rural
economy.

The Country Land and Business Association (CLA) believes the proposed reform of
the planning system risks hindering growth.

CLA South West director John Mortimer said: "I think everyone now accepts that
we need the opportunity to trade ourselves out of recession but this whole
localism agenda will require people to step up and become involved in the
planning process - we can no longer rely on other to do it for us.

"Rural businesses have the will, but they need confidence that their activities
will be encouraged.

If the Localism Bill does not enable the conditions for growth, businesses will
stall or simply relocate and take the wealth and jobs they have created with
them.

"Rural communities must recognise that they might have to accept - and even
encourage - change in the form of appropriate development in order to secure
longer term benefits."

The CLA says that for rural areas to benefit, amendments should include a
presumption in favour of sustainable development to help provide certainty for
investors and encourage small-scale economic activity in rural areas. Local
authorities should also be given the power to grant relief to businesses in
rural areas. Plans to scrap the current exemption and replace it with powers to
grant relief only to charitable or notfor-profit enterprises, will put the rural
economy at a considerable disadvantage, the CLA said.

It has also raised concerns over the definition of an "asset of community value"
- a proposal which will give local groups the legal right to nominate any vital
community asset including local shops, pubs, libraries and leisure centres.

If a listed asset goes on the open market, its sale will be delayed triggering a
"community countdown" that will give people time to prepare their business plan
and raise the funds they need to bid.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2011 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Antrim Times

                                October 20, 2009

GROW funding available

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 377 words



HIGHLIGHT: GROW South Antrim has announced its second call for applications
under the themes of Farm Diversification, Business Creation & Development, and
Tourism. The call for applications opened yesterday (October 19) and close at
4pm on Monday, November 16.


GROW South Antrim was the first group in Northern Ireland to award funding under
the Rural Development Programme 2007- 2013, and celebrated with a visit from
Minister Michelle Gildernew MP MLA last month to one successful project, Tardree
Stone.

GROW has now awarded over £425,000 to 17 farmers and rural businesses across
Antrim, Carrickfergus and Newtownabbey Borough Councils, which will lead to a
total investment of almost £1million in the area.

Congratulating the success of the first call for applications under these
measures, Vera McWilliam, Chair of the GROW Local Action Group stated: "The
first call for applications was a great success with applications coming from a
wide range of individuals, businesses, and farmers.

"The funding awarded already of over £425,000.00 will have a great impact on the
entire community within rural South Antrim, and there is more to invest- so if
you have a project idea, get in touch with us to find out what support is
available. Together we can grow opportunities. "

The Programme is open to individuals, farmers, private businesses, and
not-for-profit organisations, offering support to set up new enterprises and to
develop existing micro enterprises, which employ less than 10 full-time persons.

Under the Tourism measure, up to £250,000 is available to not-for-profit
organisations at a maximum grant rate of 75%.  The maximum grant available for
individuals and private businesses under all measures is £50,000 at a 50% grant
rate.

Details of eligible activities can be found on the GROW website
www.growsouthantrim.com or by contacting the GROW office on 028 9448 1311.
Applications can be completed online through www.eugrants.org  Applications
submitted after the deadline of 4pm on Monday, November 16 will not be accepted.

The second call for applications under the themes of Basic Services for the
Economy & Rural Population and Rural Heritage will open in mid- February 2010.

GROW South Antrim has been set up to manage and deliver funding under the
Northern Ireland Rural Development Programme 2007 - 2013 across rural South
Antrim. The Rural Development Programme 2007-2013 is part financed by the
European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the Department of
Agriculture and Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ANTM


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Business booster for rural firms

SECTION: BUSINESS:ECONOMY; Pg. 4-5

LENGTH: 316  words


RURAL businesses in the East Midlands looking to expand will be able to benefit
from new funding worth more than  £8 million.

Farming Minister George Eustice announced the cash boost as part of a bid to
help firms  looking to expand and promote tourism in the region.

Business owners are now being encouraged to apply for the grants from today.

With farms the fastest-growing tourist attraction in 2014, the new grants build
on a recent announcement by the Chancellor and the Environment Secretary on the
Government's first ever rural productivity plan.

This aims to boost productivity and ensure the countryside becomes an
attractive place for people to 'live, work, start a business and bring up a
family'.

Farming Minister George Eustice said: "From regional festivals to visitor farms,
this new funding is set to give rural businesses a real boost by supporting
projects that promote tourism, bring high-quality jobs to rural areas, and grow
the local economy.

"With a further £8 million available, existing or new rural entrepreneurs have
the chance to unleash their full potential and I strongly encourage businesses
from across the East Midlands to apply for the new funding."

Grants also available under the scheme can help people expand and develop new
food processing facilities.

Individual grants are worth upwards of £35,000 depending on the individual
project and will now be offered in another 11 Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP)
areas.

The programme is a competitive process and funding will be directly targeted at
initiatives that will bring the biggest benefit for those  areas.

A further round of funding is expected in September when rural businesses in
additional LEP areas will be able to apply for grants to help them support their
local rural communities.

More information is availble online at
www.gov.uk/government/collections/growth-programme-grants-for-the-rural-economy

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 4, 2009 Tuesday

Utah nonprofit gets rural-development grants

BYLINE: Deseret News

LENGTH: 104 words


Transitions, a private nonprofit group based in southern Utah, was selected to
receive nearly $100,000 in federal grants designed to start or expand rural
businesses. The company helps disabled people develop skills for a more active,
independent lifestyle and has already started using the $99,900 U.S. Department
of Agriculture grant by purchasing a building in Blanding. The grant is part of
$15.3 million designated for 145 recipients to help finance new and existing
businesses through the USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise
program. For more information, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs.busp/rbeg.htm.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

HUD Announces Key Grants to Help Arkansas's Small Businesses, Provide Emergency
Construction Funds

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative French Hill, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) formally awarded $1.5
million to boost economic development in the Lower Mississippi River Delta
Region. This funding is provided through the Delta Community Capital Initiative.

"America's economy is fueled by small businesses, and when those businesses are
unable to access the capital needed to grow and expand, our states and local
communities feel the effects. Our CDFIs in Arkansas serve a vital role,
providing small and local businesses with loans--often microloans--tailored to
meet their specific needs while strengthening their local towns," said
Congressman French Hill.

Included in the $1.5 million award was $250,000 for Southern Bancorp Capital
Partners (SBCP). SBCP is a Little Rock-based community development financial
institution (CDFI) that aids economic development in rural areas.

"We are grateful to both the Delta Regional Authority and HUD for their
partnership in creating new economic opportunities in the rural Delta. Our
organization, a § 501(c)(3) U.S. Treasury-certified CDFI, has been supporting
Delta entrepreneurs through small business training and lending for over 25
years, which means we have seen firsthand the challenges faced by businesses
needing to raise capital. The investment by the Delta Community Capital
Initiative will be a great tool for empowering rural entrepreneurs and
stimulating growth in the Delta," said SBCP CEO Dominik Mjarten.

HUD also announced a grant of $3,333,442 to the Searcy Housing Authority for the
replacement of the sewer and plumbing lines at Searcy Apartments.

"The Searcy Apartments have experienced severe infrastructure problems over the
past several years, and this grant will help ensure necessary repairs are made
to protect the health and safety of those who reside in the community." said
Hill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.

Technical Assistance Webinar:
December 3, 2013
1:00-2:00pm EST

Connect to Webinar
Enter as "guest"
Audio: 800-475-0512, passcode: 5732913
Note: You must dial into the conference line to hear the audio portion of the
webinar. No registration is required. To access the web recording, please email
Amber Berrian

Prior to joining, please test your web connection
Tagged as  Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Networking and
collaboration

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.

Technical Assistance Webinar:
December 3, 2013
1:00-2:00pm EST

Connect to Webinar
Enter as "guest"
Audio: 800-475-0512, passcode: 5732913
Note: You must dial into the conference line to hear the audio portion of the
webinar. No registration is required. To access the web recording, please email
Amber Berrian

Prior to joining, please test your web connection
Tagged as  Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Networking and
collaboration

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.

Technical Assistance Webinar:
December 3, 2013
1:00-2:00pm EST

Connect to Webinar
Enter as "guest"
Audio: 800-475-0512, passcode: 5732913
Note: You must dial into the conference line to hear the audio portion of the
webinar. No registration is required. To access the web recording, please email
Amber Berrian

Prior to joining, please test your web connection
Tagged as  Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Networking and
collaboration

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.

Technical Assistance Webinar:
December 3, 2013
1:00-2:00pm EST

Connect to Webinar
Enter as "guest"
Audio: 800-475-0512, passcode: 5732913
Note: You must dial into the conference line to hear the audio portion of the
webinar. No registration is required. To access the web recording, please email
Amber Berrian

Prior to joining, please test your web connection
Tagged as  Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Networking and
collaboration

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Jan 16, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Nancy Gaines, Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5382
Email: ngaines@hrsa.gov

For program or technical assistance questions:
Amber Berrian, Public Health Analyst
Phone: 301.443.0845
Email: aberrian@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The Rural Health Network Development Planning Grant Program (Network Planning
Grant) grants promote the development of integrated healthcare networks that
have combined the functions of the entities participating in the networks in
order strengthen and expand access to essential health care services.

The major focus of the Network Planning Grant is to support multiple (at least
three) rural health care entities that have not previously collaborated in a
formal manner, but want to work together and form a health care network. The
grant program supports one year of planning to develop and assist health care
networks in becoming operational.

Grantees may use funds to conduct planning activities that must support at least
one of the following:

Achieve efficiencies - Identifying ways to achieve better system efficiencies
and improve regional and/or local rural health care services. This may include:

Conducting community health and/or provider needs assessments at the regional
and/or local level, such as:
        Develop and implement a needs assessment in the community
        Identify the most critical need of network partners to ensure their
viability
        Identify additional potential collaborating network partners in the
community/region
        Identify workforce issues
        identify financial resources or gaps available to support services
    Conducting a Health Information Technology readiness assessment

Expand access to, coordinate and improve the quality of essential health care
services - Identify ways to build capacity and a network infrastructure that
enables entities to coordinate care and increase access to care for rural
communities. This may include:

Developing a network business and/or operations plan, which could include:
        A formal memorandum of agreement or understanding (MOA/MOU)
        A shared mission statement
        A network/governance board or some sort of decision making structure
        A set of network bylaws
        The roles and responsibilities of the network partners
        A business model
    Developing a network strategic plan that establishes the network's priority
areas, goals and objectives
    Identifying the degree to which the network members are ready to integrate
their functions, share clinical and/or administrative resources

Strengthen the rural health care system as a whole - Enhance community and
partner relationships to promote involvement and participation in network
planning activities. This may include:

Identifying ways to encourage cross-organizational collaboration and leadership
commitment;
    Assessing the network's sustainability and viability;
    Identifying opportunities for the network to better address regional and/or
local population health needs; and
    Identifying and establishing ways to obtain regional and/or local community
support/buy-in around the development of the network

A brief video overview of the funding opportunity announcement is available on
youtube.com.
Eligibility

The applicant organization must be a rural nonprofit or public entity that
represents a consortium/network of three or more health care providers.  The
applicant organization must be located in a non-metropolitan county or in a
rural census tract of a metropolitan county and all services must be provided in
a non-metropolitan county or rural census tract.

Faith-based and community-based organizations as well as Tribal organizations
are also eligible to apply for these funds. For-profit organizations are not
eligible to be the lead applicant but can participate in the network. Please
review the funding opportunity announcement for additional information related
to program eligibility.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $1,275,000.00
Number of Awards: 15
Estimated Award Amount: $85,000 per year
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and electronic application are available through
grants.gov.

Technical Assistance Webinar:
December 3, 2013
1:00-2:00pm EST

Connect to Webinar
Enter as "guest"
Audio: 800-475-0512, passcode: 5732913
Note: You must dial into the conference line to hear the audio portion of the
webinar. No registration is required. To access the web recording, please email
Amber Berrian

Prior to joining, please test your web connection
Tagged as  Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Networking and
collaboration

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Bromsgrove Advertiser

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Grants available for local farming and forestry projects

BYLINE: Alex Townley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


FARMING and forestry businesses across Bromsgrove and Redditch are being invited
to apply for the next round of funding in a countywide programme.

The LEADing Rural Business small capital grant funding programme offers funding
for projects, which support farming and forestry productivity in rural areas,
and support new innovative and efficiency saving practices.

Biding applications should aim to provide support for farming productivity with
projects such as small scale water management investments and innovative farming
practices, or support for forestry productivity, which could be for projects
such as investments in non-timber forest products and using new forestry
technologies.

Grants from £2,500 up to as much as £35,000 are on offer through the programme,
which is funded through the Rural Development Programme for England, using money
from the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.

Jill Hall, chair of Worcestershire Local Action Group, said: "This is a great
opportunity to support our farmers and foresters, in particular to make their
business fit for the future. Worcestershire is a county with a thriving rural
and agricultural economy, and I encourage any farmer or forester, who is looking
to invest in their business to submit an application."

Councillor Ken Pollock, cabinet member with responsibility for economy, skills
and infrastructure at Worcestershire County Council, added: "Rural and
agricultural business and enterprise is flourishing and helping to power
Worcestershire's economy. I would encourage any interested businesses to apply
for the second round of funding from the LEADER programme, and help to further
strengthen our rural business infrastructure."

Outline applications need to be received by 5pm on April 1. For more information
on how to apply and for updates on the programme, visit business
-central.co.uk/leader.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Redditch Advertiser

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Grants available for local farming and forestry projects

BYLINE: Alex Townley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


FARMING and forestry businesses across Bromsgrove and Redditch are being invited
to apply for the next round of funding in a countywide programme.

The LEADing Rural Business small capital grant funding programme offers funding
for projects, which support farming and forestry productivity in rural areas,
and support new innovative and efficiency saving practices.

Biding applications should aim to provide support for farming productivity with
projects such as small scale water management investments and innovative farming
practices, or support for forestry productivity, which could be for projects
such as investments in non-timber forest products and using new forestry
technologies.

Grants from £2,500 up to as much as £35,000 are on offer through the programme,
which is funded through the Rural Development Programme for England, using money
from the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.

Jill Hall, chair of Worcestershire Local Action Group, said: "This is a great
opportunity to support our farmers and foresters, in particular to make their
business fit for the future. Worcestershire is a county with a thriving rural
and agricultural economy, and I encourage any farmer or forester, who is looking
to invest in their business to submit an application."

Councillor Ken Pollock, cabinet member with responsibility for economy, skills
and infrastructure at Worcestershire County Council, added: "Rural and
agricultural business and enterprise is flourishing and helping to power
Worcestershire's economy. I would encourage any interested businesses to apply
for the second round of funding from the LEADER programme, and help to further
strengthen our rural business infrastructure."

Outline applications need to be received by 5pm on April 1. For more information
on how to apply and for updates on the programme, visit business
-central.co.uk/leader.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The West Briton

                                October 13, 2005

Turning cartwheels to help farm tourism

SECTION: News; Business; Leisure/Tourism; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 413 words


The rural tourism sector in Cornwall is celebrating a new injection of cash
which will help businesses buck the trend by marketing themselves more
professionally and successfully. The Rural Marketing Grant scheme, administered
by leading rural tourism organisation Cartwheel under the Objective One
programme, had been expected to wind down this year.

However the staggering success of the scheme, which generated £5.3m in
additional turnover for the rural tourism sector in three years, has helped
secure it further funding and an extension until 2007.

A farm tourism business near Truro, Chapel View Farm at Hicks Mill, Bissoe, has
received £1,441 (45 per cent of project cost) to help market a disused barn
which has been converted into high quality self-catering accommodation.

The funding application was made on the basis that a clear and professional
business identity needed to be developed to target the professional
adults/couples market and ensure sustained profitability.

The grant funded professional design services for the development of a logo and
leaflet and an answerphone/fax and laser printer to support the professional
communications required to deal with prospective clients.

It also funded the purchase of a digital camera to enable a library of
photographs to be developed for the promotion of the business through the
website and other pictorial mediums.

Chapel View Farm has plans develop its marketing activities further and may be
able to make a further application through the extended scheme.

Ruth Huxley who runs the business with her husband Dave, commented: "Cartwheel
has been fabulous, making the whole grant process quick, efficient and straight
forward.

"The grant funding has enabled us to develop a slick, professional identity for
our business.

"The customers we have been attracting are exactly the type of people our
setting is intended for, which means the style and message of our marketing
material is spot on." Cartwheel is now encouraging Cornish farm and rural
tourism businesses to access the grant scheme for part-funding of a whole range
of professional marketing activities.

"There's no doubt about it," says Gina Woodcraft, chief executive of Cartwheel.
"Businesses that have received grants and invested in marketing have performed
better.

"It's been a tough year for tourism in Cornwall, but this additional funding
will help many farm and rural enterprises buck the trend."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        © Copyright 2005 The West Briton


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

Chamber wins $39,000 grant

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 612 words


Thursday June 28, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- Over the past year and a half Brattleboro Area Chamber of
Commerce Director Jerry Goldberg has not made any excuses for the town.

Even though downtown Brattleboro witnessed a major fire, an historic flood, as
well an ongoing economic recession, over the past 15 months Goldberg continued
to make the case that if you were traveling through southeastern Vermont, then
it was worth your while to stop in and visit.

Now, Goldberg's voice will grow a little louder and a little stronger after the
chamber was awarded a Rural Business Enterprise Grant from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

The $39,800 grant will help fund the chamber's activities in the coming year,
Goldberg said, and will allow the group to continue working closely with
Building a Better Brattleboro, the downtown development group that won a similar
USDA grant last year.

"There is already a lot of work that has begun, and it would have been a shame
to have to stop it because we lost our funding," Goldberg said about the
collaboration with BaBB. "It's very gratifying that USDA agreed that this work
was worthwhile and saw fit to continue funding it for another year."

USDA's Rural Business Enterprise Grant program helps fund projects that finance
and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.

RBEG grants generally range from $10,000 to $500,000 and go toward small rural
businesses that employ 50 or fewer employees and take in less than $1 million in
revenues annually.

Goldberg said the grant money will be used to continue the chamber's "One and
Only Brattleboro" campaign, which appeals to tourists and individuals and
businesses that are considering moving to the region.

The funding will also support the chamber's ongoing drive to cluster businesses
together and encourage business owners to promote similar shops and restaurants
to their customers as they leave.

Goldberg said a visitor might come to Brattleboro to visit his favorite shop
without taking the time to explore similar businesses in the area.

He said by promoting the entire region, tourists are more likely to return after
discovering similar places to visit.

Building a Better Brattleboro Executive Director Andrea Livermore said last
year's grant that went to BaBB allowed the two groups to work together,
especially during the challenging times following the Brooks House fire and the
flooding caused by Tropical Storm Irene.

As the town continues to rebuild, Livermore said the federal funding will help
the business groups support downtown merchants.

"Since the chamber and BaBB work closely together, often pretty seamlessly, on
promoting our downtown businesses and, indeed, all the corridors that lead into
town, we will be able to keep up the momentum we generated last year," she said.
"Jerry and I have been pretty lock-step in this effort and will continue to be.
This is a win-win, for sure."

The federal grant comes as the chamber begins its push toward the important
holiday gift season.

With the busy summer months ahead, and then foliage, Goldberg said the USDA
grant gives the chamber a little breathing room to make sure it is ready to
support businesses as the rest of the town rebounds from the Brooks House fire
and the flooding.

"This is going to allow us to spend the money we need to spend to get our
message out there," Goldberg said. "There is still a lot going on behind the
scenes and businesses are still rebuilding after the flood. Brattleboro is still
not all she can be, but we still have a lot to offer. This grant allows us to go
further and deeper with our message."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached athwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext.
279

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

More cash for rural enterprises

BYLINE: Alison Middleton

SECTION: NEWS; POLITICS; Local Government; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 184 words


ANGUS Council has invested a further £10,000 in a scheme to support small rural
businesses and community groups.

The two-year Angus Rural Enterprise Grant Scheme (AREG) was established by the
local authority in 2007.

It closed in March after allocating £28,441 to small business and community
groups across the county.

Members of the council's infrastructure services committee yesterday agreed to
invest a further £10,000 for the next financial year.

Committee convener David May said the grant scheme had successfully provided
money to rural groups which had difficulty accessing other established sources
of funding. He said: "Some of the funding requests were ineligible for the
council's main community grants scheme, so AREG was often their only available
option. In the short time it has been in existence AREG has made a significant
contribution to the life of rural Angus.

"This £10,000 of extended funding will provide a further economic stimulus and
hopefully encourage the continued development of new and existing small business
and community development projects in the county's rural communities."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David May: "economic stimulus"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2009 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Carper Joins USDA Rural Development to Highlight Affordable Rural Rental Housing
Funding

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Carper, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

USDA Rural Development State Director Bill McGowan and U.S. Senator Tom Carper
today joined community-based non-profit housing organizations at Chandler
Heights, an affordable apartment complex for families in Seaford, to highlight a
$152,492  federal grant award from the Rural Community Development Initiative
Program to the National Council on Agriculture Life and Labor Research Fund,
Inc.

"This is a great program that can do many things to support locally-based
development strategies," Dr. McGowan said. "Primarily it is available to
community-based development organizations to promote economic growth in
low-income rural communities. We are lucky to have NCALL as a community economic
development partner promoting affordable housing, improved communities and
sustainable development. It is one more tool in the box to ensure that families,
seniors and those with disabilities have access to a home that they can afford."

"This competitive grant will help NCALL work with Better Homes here in Seaford
and with Millsboro Housing for Progress to bring decent, affordable housing
within reach for more Delawareans," Sen. Carper said. "It will create
construction jobs during the renovation and provide even more affordable housing
for our local workforce. That's a real win-win."

"For families struggling to make ends meet, high rental costs can be an
impossible burden," Sen. Coons said. "NCALL and its community partners do
tremendous work to make secure, affordable housing a reality for thousands in
Delaware. This grant will help them reach more Delaware families and continue
investing in our growing rural communities."

"Affordable housing is a critical ingredient for successful, thriving
communities," Rep. John Carney said. "This grant will allow NCALL to continue
their great work to make affordable housing accessible to all who live in
Delaware's rural areas."

NCALL is a nonprofit organization based in Dover and has been serving the
Delmarva Peninsula since 1976. The organization specializes in housing
development, education and lending. NCALL, serving as the intermediary, will use
the grant to provide technical assistance and training to Better Homes of
Seaford and Millsboro Housing for Progress. These organizations will help
preserve rental housing complexes like Chandler Heights II, owned by Better
Homes of Seaford with 24 three bedroom family units, and Millsboro Village II,
owned by Millsboro Housing for Progress with 26 family units. The funding can
also help with the development of new rental housing properties.

NCALL will assist both nonprofit housing organizations in addressing the many
housing development challenges and obstacles, from predevelopment through
construction and rent-up, to mutually overcome them and proceed with the housing
development's needs.

Last year, USDA Rural Development returned $196 million to rural Delaware.  It
has more than 40 loan, grant, and technical assistance programs.  The 2014 Farm
Bill brings renewed support for community economic development, including
financing for investments in broadband, telecommunications, distance learning
and telemedicine, entrepreneurship, and business development and growth.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.  Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.carper.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                            April 12, 2001, Thursday

Tourism firms seek bigger share of aid

BYLINE: By Charles Clover Environment Editor

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 335 words

SHORT-TERM aid of pounds 15 million for businesses in areas hardest hit by foot
and mouth was announced by Michael Meacher, chairman of the Rural Task Force,
yesterday.

Tourism firms complained that a disproportionate amount was being spent saving
farm-related businesses, which generated exports of pounds 500 million a year,
and too little on saving tourist businesses, which generated pounds 13 billion a
year from abroad.

The aid will be in grants to rural businesses, such as livestock markets, feed
companies and tourist attractions that will be essential to the recovery of
Devon, Cumbria, Northumberland and the Welsh borders when the epidemic is over.

Companies will be able to apply for grants to set up marketing and promotional
campaigns and also for direct grants of up to pounds 15,000 to save businesses
hit by the crisis. The grants will be at the discretion of Rural Development
Agencies.

This complements pounds 8 million already promised by the agencies and the first
amount of short-term aid announced last month. A pounds 120 million extension of
the small firms loan guarantee scheme was agreed on April 6.

Coupled with rate relief for pubs and garages, short-term aid for rural
businesses now totalled pounds 186 million, said Mr Meacher. "Obviously, we will
keep the whole situation under review, but this is our commitment at this
stage."

Richard Tobias, chief executive of the British Incoming Tourist Operators
Association, said: "While the farming industry has been promised aid worth
pounds 600 million, the British Tourist Authority and the English Tourism
Council have been given pounds 6 million between them to promote an industry
worth over pounds 60 billion annually.

"Government seems to think that as soon as the foot and mouth outbreak is under
control visitors will flock back to Britain. It simply isn't going to be like
that - we will need to mount a massive reassurance campaign to kick-start the
industry."
[PS]News: [ES]

Foot and mouth crisis:

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 Telegraph Group Limited


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Leek Post and Times

                                 June 10, 2009

Money offered to help farms

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 299 words


Farmers and small businesses in the Peak District have been urged to apply for a
new grant.

The plea comes from Staffordshire Moorlands District Council after the European
Union and the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs agreed to
plough £1.9m into a the  programme.

Awarded as part of the Rural Development Programme for England  the money must
be spent before 2013.

It must be used  on bids that will:

Strengthen land-based businesses, by enabling diversification into
non-agricultural activities or local added-value initiatives such as providing a
village shop or public services information.

Support new or existing small businesses with fewer than 10 employees and an
annual turnover of less than £2m.

Applicants seeking a grant for a land-based business must be members of, or work
for a farming household, while applicants seeking funds for a small business
must be proposing a project involving the development or promotion of local
products and services.

The East Midlands Development Agency and Advantage West Midlands hold the money
but applications will be  determined by the Derby and Derbyshire Economic
Partnership.

Successful grant applicants will  then be  advised by a group of  public,
private and voluntary sector representatives.

Councillor Andrew Hart, portfolio holder for regeneration, said: "The leader
programme is great news as it will help prevent the Peak District losing jobs
and services.

"Unlike many grant schemes, it is aimed specifically at land-based businesses
and the many small enterprises that often lose out when funding is made
available.

"I would urge our Peak District farmers and small businesses to look at the
criteria as soon as possible to see if they qualify."

For more information, visit http://www.ddep.co.uk/media/funding-opportunities

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 204


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Leek Post and Times

                                 June 10, 2009

Money offered to help farms

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 299 words


Farmers and small businesses in the Peak District have been urged to apply for a
new grant.

The plea comes from Staffordshire Moorlands District Council after the European
Union and the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs agreed to
plough £1.9m into a the  programme.

Awarded as part of the Rural Development Programme for England  the money must
be spent before 2013.

It must be used  on bids that will:

Strengthen land-based businesses, by enabling diversification into
non-agricultural activities or local added-value initiatives such as providing a
village shop or public services information.

Support new or existing small businesses with fewer than 10 employees and an
annual turnover of less than £2m.

Applicants seeking a grant for a land-based business must be members of, or work
for a farming household, while applicants seeking funds for a small business
must be proposing a project involving the development or promotion of local
products and services.

The East Midlands Development Agency and Advantage West Midlands hold the money
but applications will be  determined by the Derby and Derbyshire Economic
Partnership.

Successful grant applicants will  then be  advised by a group of  public,
private and voluntary sector representatives.

Councillor Andrew Hart, portfolio holder for regeneration, said: "The leader
programme is great news as it will help prevent the Peak District losing jobs
and services.

"Unlike many grant schemes, it is aimed specifically at land-based businesses
and the many small enterprises that often lose out when funding is made
available.

"I would urge our Peak District farmers and small businesses to look at the
criteria as soon as possible to see if they qualify."

For more information, visit http://www.ddep.co.uk/media/funding-opportunities

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 204


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                              July 21, 2008 Monday

Farm wins grant to open children's nursery

BYLINE:  RICHARD BAKER Business Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 385 words


Rundown farm buildings once used to look after animals will be turned into a
nursery business thanks to an economic development grant.

Dorothy Harrison, who owns Pump Farm at Tuxford, has resisted the temptation to
sell the land for housing and has instead decided to help launch a village
nursery.

The move has been made possible by a £158,000 grant from the East Midlands
Development Agency awarded under a programme designed to help maintain the
viability of rural communities.

It will fund the renovation of the listed buildings so they can be used by up to
30 children.

Dorothy said: "Back in 1980, I was given the opportunity to extend my
smallholding and use the Pump Farm buildings to house small animals such as
chickens or poultry.

"But times changed, and I now have a new barn in which to keep my livestock
because many of these old buildings were becoming run-down and simply did not
meet the needs of modern farming.

"The easy way out would have been to sell the land for housing but I've seen so
many barns be converted in such a way that they lose all their identity.

"That's why I was keen to find a new purpose for them but at the same time,
preserve some of the history.

"There is a great need for childcare in the area so it seemed like an excellent
way of bringing the farm buildings back into use whilst giving something back to
local families."

Ms Harrison will lease the renovated nursery building to Jo Laurence who will be
responsible for the running of the business.

The grant has come from the Rural Development Programme for England, under which
£60m from the UK Government and the European Union will be used to help
diversify the regional economy across the East Midlands.

Andrew Morgan, Emda's skills and communities director, said:  "Improving the
economic output of rural areas like Tuxford is really important in making sure
that Nottinghamshire and the wider region flourishes.

"I'm delighted that we are able to invest much-needed funds to help people like
Dorothy develop their commercial potential and ensure the sustainable economic
development of these areas."

Dorothy added:  "I am extremely pleased to have received this grant from Emda.
Without their help, the project could not have gone ahead.

"Work has started on the site and the Pump Farm Day Nursery will be open in
October."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2008 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Leek Post and Times

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

CLA urges rural businesses to claim cash from the Staffordshire LEADER project

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 250  words


HE CLA, which represents landowners, farmers and rural businesses, says that now
is the time for rural businesses across Staffordshire to seize the opportunity
to invest in farm innovation, fund diversification projects, or help develop
tourism.

This follows Defra's announcement that rural communities across the UK will have
access to funding under the European LEADER programme, designed to support rural
development by providing grants to small businesses and communities.

The programme will run from 2015-2020 with £2,249,000 available in total for the
Staffordshire LEADER qualifying area.

LEADER funding aims to provide grant funding to increase farm and forestry
productivity, and help support farm diversification, rural tourism, rural
services, and cultural and heritage activity.

CLA Rural Surveyor Richard Goodwin, who is based at the CLA's Woodseaves office,
said: "This is welcome news and I would encourage every rural business to make
themselves aware of the opportunities open to them. The fund is administered by
local people from a range of backgrounds, in what is known as a Local Action
Group (LAG).

"The LAG is best placed to direct funding to those businesses who can make a
real difference to the Staffordshire economy.

"Significant support is available to help with applications from programme
facilitators, as well as your trade or membership organisation, but I would urge
businesses to act swiftly."

Full details can be found at www.staffsleader.org.uk or by calling 01785 854306.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The joys of spring as lambs display their exuberance in the fields of
North Yorkshire Wednesday February 20 2002, which begin to to fill with
livestock again as the foot-and-mouth disaster passes the anniversary of its
starting date. The lambing season last spring was devaststating for farmers and
visitors to the countryside as thousands of newly born lambs along with other
livestock were slaughtered in the foot-and-mouth crisis. See PA story FARM Pigs.
PA Photo: John Giles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday

Native American farmers plan food hub

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
presented a certificate of obligation to the Acoma Business Enterprise, LLC to
develop a business plan to expand the marketing for the produce grown by Native
American farmers through a food hub.

During the ceremony held at the Southern Pueblos Council monthly meeting Brunner
said, "The Obama Administration is working hard to create economic opportunities
in rural tribal communities." Brunner said. "This strategic investment will help
Native farmers find new markets for their products and offers a path to
sustainable farming in the 21st century."

The $75,000 grant for this project was made available through the Rural Business
Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program (RBEG), which promotes development of small and
emerging businesses in rural areas. Specifically the RBEG funding will be used
to develop a comprehensive business plan and marketing study to create a Native
Food Hub, which will be the first of its kind in the nation.

The need to develop a marketing plan came about because the Native American
farmers found at the end of the growing season they usually had an abundance of
produce that was not being sold or utilized. A food hub will ideally offer a
location where native producers can deliver their goods for processing and
distribution to market.

The Acoma Business Enterprises was requested by the 10 Southern Pueblo Council
to apply for the funding because of the company's capacity to create the plan
and administer the implementation of the marketing of the produce grown in the
10 pueblos.

The RBEG program may also be used to help fund distance learning networks and
employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants for the program
include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian
Tribes. Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has
helped create or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, provided over $170.9 million
in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, and
expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either expanded or
helped establish almost 41,070 rural businesses and community projects.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Morpeth Herald

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

Rural programme to provide projects with vital funding

LENGTH: 262  words


A scheme for rural businesses and communities in the county that has nearly
£4million to distribute is once again open for business.

Applications can now be made for the latest Northumberland LEADER Programme,
which will provide grants to small businesses, farmers and foresters as well as
community projects.

A total of 70 per cent of the available funding will be used to support projects
that create jobs and economic growth.

The remaining funding will be directed at projects and activities which
demonstrate that they contribute to improving the rural economy in
Northumberland.

LEADER is a method of delivering rural development through a community-led
approach. It is a European Union initiative and forms part of the Rural
Development Programme for England.

The Northumberland scheme is supported by the county council and Grant Davey,
leader of the authority, said: "Growing the economy is this council's number one
corporate priority and this is another source of funding that will provide a
great boost to our rural communities.

"We'd encourage any business or community groups to get in touch and see how
they could benefit."

The Northumberland Coast and Lowlands LEADER section includes Lynemouth and
rural villages and hamlets near Morpeth, such as an area covering parts of
Stannington that goes towards Ponteland.

Section chair Ross Weddle said: "For more information, or if you have an idea
for developing a business, boosting rural tourism or increasing the productivity
of farms, please call Ivan Hewitt on 01670 623927 or email
ivan.hewitt@northumberland.gov.uk"

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPMH


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 10, 2013 Saturday

County nets $80K grant for border business park

BYLINE: Chris McDaniel, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


Aug. 10--Yuma County has received an $80,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Business Enterprise Grant that will be used to create a comprehensive
business plan to develop the 240-acre Magrino Industrial Park adjacent to the
San Luis Port of Entry.

The official announcement of the grant was made Friday afternoon at the Yuma
County Administrative Offices on Main Street during a special event attended by
U.S. Congressman Raul Grijalva, USDA Rural Development State Director for
Arizona Alan Stephens, various Yuma County supervisors, and Yuma County
Administrator Robert Pickels.

Grijalva believes it is particularly important for border communities such as
those in Yuma County "to push the agenda on economic development and jobs," he
said. "Trade with Mexico is going to be vital. Revitalization and renovation of
our ports of entry is going to be vital."

Now is the time "to get that type of an investment out of the federal
government," he continued. "That is what we are pushing for. I think for this
grant they got, Yuma County is going to be a little ahead of the curve. They'll
have a plan about economic development. They'll have a plan about the types of
businesses they are going to want in those 240 acres."

With the grant money now available, Yuma County will begin accepting proposals
from consulting firms interested in studying the area and developing the
business plan. The entire process is expected to be completed within about a
year.

"We are going to bring a consultant in and they are going to do the development
of a business plan for us," Pickels said.

The comprehensive business plan will determine the appropriate market,
infrastructure, capital resources, partners, strategies and goals to foster
small business development in the Industrial Park which sits on the border with
Mexico just east of the port.

Currently, the industrial complex is mapped with small parcels designed for
small businesses and border-related businesses that would complement the
international crossing.

The money will be used "to study different options on how to create the best
industrial park that will be able to attract private sector investment,"
Stephens said.

"It will be a marketplace for development, particularly as the border changes.
We are on the front of a pretty dynamic environment along the border, and Yuma
County can really benefit from that with a little planning, and that is what
this is all about."

Ultimately the purpose of the grant "is to create jobs," Stephens added. "The
development of this complex with a well-constructed business plan would be a
real plus for Yuma County and San Luis. With an unemployment rate nearly four
times that of the rest of the state, the promise of new jobs for the area is
exciting. I think this is going to lead to opportunities in an area that needs
employment and that's why the federal government is interested in helping a
county like Yuma get that momentum."

According to Pickels, the goal is to bring long-term employment opportunities to
the area which will best be accomplished by creating a valid business plan for
the complex before anything else begins.

"You have to know how to market it," he said, adding the leaders of Yuma County
want to know "what is going to survive there" and "what is going to thrive
there. It is a waste of time, I think, to bring somebody in there that is not
going to plant roots and be there longterm. When we talk about creating jobs, we
want sustainable jobs."

The new industrial complex, once completed, will make the Yuma area more
attractive to investors and businesses involved in the billion-dollar economic
trade industry with Mexico, Grijalva added.

"For a long time during this immigration debate, those communities that were at
the foot, at the door of the border, were seen as liabilities. Now those
standing at the foot of the border" are going to be seen by investors and
businesses "as an opportunity."

___ (c)2013 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130810-YZ-County-nets-80K-grant-for-border-business-park-0810-20130810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2013 The Sun


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

Grant could bring 100 jobs to county

BYLINE: By Erin Zureick< Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 237 words


The Development Authority of Richmond County agreed Thursday to apply for a
state grant that would help purchase equipment for technology company Rural
Sourcing Inc., which recently opened in Augusta.

If approved, the Regional Economic Business Assistance grant would allow the
development authority to purchase $100,000 worth of equipment and then lease it
to Rural Sourcing, said Executive Director Walter Sprouse.

The grant application stipulates that the company, which touts itself as
bringing outsourced jobs back to the United States, will create 100 jobs and
invest at least $500,000 in the venture.

So far, Rural Sourcing has hired 10 employees, with an aim of 30 workers by the
end of the year, said Ingrid Miller, the company's director of operations.

The long-term goal is to hit the 100-person mark within five years, she said.

The development authority also presented its inaugural Economic Development
Inner Circle Award to Billy Yates and Michele Pearman, who work for county
government doing GIS mapping. The award recognizes people who partner with the
development authority to attract and retain businesses.

"The biggest thing about creating this award is we have so many people who help
us," Sprouse said. "Who do you pick first?"

He said Yates and Pearman were chosen because their mapping work affects
virtually every prospective project.

Reach Erin Zureick at (706) 823-3217 or erin.zureick@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

£1.5m cash pot to help firms

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 390 words


A Total of £1.5m is set to be pumped into the rural economy in North
Nottinghamshire in a bid to boost business across the area.

The money, which local businesses will be asked to apply for, comes from the
LEADER programme, which is funded by the RDPE (Rural Development Programme for
England).

The money will not only benefit Bassetlaw businesses, but will also be
distributed across Newark and Sherwood.

The scheme provides a large pot of cash for rural businesses to bid for to
improve tourism, conservation and rural heritage.

It also supports existing businesses wanting to set up micro-enterprises, helps
farms diversify into different activities and can also cover training for people
wanting to learn how to get the most out of a rural business.

The project will be launched at Sherwood Pines Visitor Centre next week.

Coun Mike Quigley, leader of Bassetlaw Council and Notts County Councillor for
Retford, said: "It is exciting to be able to include rural Bassetlaw in the
Council's plans to develop business enterprise in the district. This programme
is not necessarily about attracting new businesses to the area, but about
building on the traditional skills that have always driven our countryside
enterprises.

"We are delighted that we can now start to regenerate these skills by injecting
modern business principles and methods into the way our rural enterprises
operate."

The grants are split into five main categories and include: diversifying a farm
business; support for micro enterprises; conservation, and upgrading of rural
heritage and training.

Businesses wanting to apply for a grant will need to submit an expression of
interest, outlining their plans.

If this is approved, a full application process will follow.

Local businessman Philip Sibson, sales director for Aquila, who is spearheading
the Buy Bassetlaw campaign, said the funding was good news for the area.

"Any funding that's available for any kind of business locally is excellent news
and businesses have got to take advantage of any money that's available to
them."

He said he hoped the funding would have a knock-on effect which would ultimately
benefit other businesses across the district.

Interested businesses should contact Robert Wilkinson, economic development
manager for Bassetlaw District Council, on 01909 512211 or email
robert.wilkinson@bassetlaw.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

£1.5m cash pot to help firms

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 390 words


A Total of £1.5m is set to be pumped into the rural economy in North
Nottinghamshire in a bid to boost business across the area.

The money, which local businesses will be asked to apply for, comes from the
LEADER programme, which is funded by the RDPE (Rural Development Programme for
England).

The money will not only benefit Bassetlaw businesses, but will also be
distributed across Newark and Sherwood.

The scheme provides a large pot of cash for rural businesses to bid for to
improve tourism, conservation and rural heritage.

It also supports existing businesses wanting to set up micro-enterprises, helps
farms diversify into different activities and can also cover training for people
wanting to learn how to get the most out of a rural business.

The project will be launched at Sherwood Pines Visitor Centre next week.

Coun Mike Quigley, leader of Bassetlaw Council and Notts County Councillor for
Retford, said: "It is exciting to be able to include rural Bassetlaw in the
Council's plans to develop business enterprise in the district. This programme
is not necessarily about attracting new businesses to the area, but about
building on the traditional skills that have always driven our countryside
enterprises.

"We are delighted that we can now start to regenerate these skills by injecting
modern business principles and methods into the way our rural enterprises
operate."

The grants are split into five main categories and include: diversifying a farm
business; support for micro enterprises; conservation, and upgrading of rural
heritage and training.

Businesses wanting to apply for a grant will need to submit an expression of
interest, outlining their plans.

If this is approved, a full application process will follow.

Local businessman Philip Sibson, sales director for Aquila, who is spearheading
the Buy Bassetlaw campaign, said the funding was good news for the area.

"Any funding that's available for any kind of business locally is excellent news
and businesses have got to take advantage of any money that's available to
them."

He said he hoped the funding would have a knock-on effect which would ultimately
benefit other businesses across the district.

Interested businesses should contact Robert Wilkinson, economic development
manager for Bassetlaw District Council, on 01909 512211 or email
robert.wilkinson@bassetlaw.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Congresswoman Bustos Announces USDA Economic Development Funding for
Jo-Carroll Energy and Stephenson Service Company

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Cheri Bustos has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Congresswoman Cheri Bustos (IL-17) was joined by officials from the
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Agency to announce
$126,665 in grants to Jo-Carroll Energy and a $770,000 Economic Development loan
to Stephenson Service Company. These funds will be used to help these businesses
continue growing and succeeding in our 21st Century Heartland.





 "I'm so excited to announce these funds to keep Jo-Carroll Energy and
Stephenson Service Company growing and succeeding in our community," said
Congresswoman Cheri Bustos. "Over the last month, I've traveled across our
region on a 21st century heartland tour to listen and learn about the challenges
we face and the opportunities that lie ahead of us. By making investments that
strengthen our local economy and partnering with our businesses, we'll build a
better future for all of our families."



 Background on the funding:



 Jo-Carroll Energy:



 Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. received a $36,665 grant through the Rural Energy for
America Program. They will use these funds to install a ground source heat pump
system at their newly expanded and current facility, which will be around 6,800
square feet. They will also be replacing their current fluorescent lights with
new LED lighting. Lastly, they will add a minimal amount of wall and ceiling
insulation to their current building. The project is expected to save them
around $18,000 in energy costs and save approximately 174,000 kWh (85% savings)
per year, which is enough electricity to power 16 homes. These energy efficiency
improvements are expected to have less than an 8 year payback.



 Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. received another grant from the Rural Energy for
America Program for $90,000. These rural Development funds will be used to
assist Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. to provide energy audits for rural small
businesses and agricultural producers in northwestern Illinois and neighboring
counties in Iowa and Wisconsin.



 Stephenson Service Company:



 Jo-Carroll Energy, Inc. received a $770,000 loan through our Rural Economic
Development Loan Program. They will be relending these funds to Stephenson
Service Company to construct a new unmanned, standalone fueling station. The new
station will consist of 7 dispensers, including gasoline dispensers with
flexible fuel upgrades. The remaining dispensers will be for diesel fuel. The
station will be located on the west side of Elizabeth, IL, just off of US
Highway 20.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.

An example of a potential project may be the installation of solar panels for
hospitals or clinics to improve energy costs.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $28,000,000
Award Ceiling: $500,000
Award Floor: $2,500
Application
process

Links to the online application process will be available on grants.gov.
Tagged as  Agriculture, Community development, Economic development, Energy,
Environment

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     August 14, 2013 Wednesday 3:02 PM GMT

PMG reopens for applications;
Stormont Executive press release - Department of Agriculture and Rural
Development

SECTION: PRESS FEED

LENGTH: 515 words


Agriculture and Rural Development Minister Michelle O'Neill has announced a
further call for applications to the Processing and Marketing Grant (PMG)
Scheme.

The PMG Scheme is an important part of the Rural Development Programme (RDP)
2007-2013 and provides capital grant assistance to local agri food processing
businesses. This is the final call for applications under the current RDP as the
Programme is due to close on 31 March 2015.Making her announcement, the Minister
said: "This popular Scheme is all about helping to develop and improve the
economic performance of the agri-food processing sector. Since opening in
December 2007 the Scheme has awarded support of £18.6million to 88 agri-food
processing businesses across the north.

Taking into account a private sector contribution of 60% this equates to a total
investment of around £46.5million. It is clear that over the years the Scheme
has greatly assisted both the sector and economy." The Minister is keen to
encourage small processors to take part in the Scheme and in recent years DARD
has made a number of administrative changes to help simplify the application and
assessment process, for example, there is no longer a requirement to submit a
business plan for projects seeking under £50,000 grant. The Minister added: "To
make best use of the limited budget and timeframe to closure of the Scheme,
grants of up to £250,000 per approved project are available for the purchase of
plant and equipment and/ or minor building alterations. I hope all in the
agriculture, horticulture and forestry processing sectors will welcome this
final opportunity under the current Programme to avail of financial support."
The closing date for applications is Friday 20 September 2013. Further
information and an application form can be obtained from
http://www.dardni.gov.uk/processing-and-marketing.htm ,or by telephoning Rural
Development Division on 028 9052 4219 or 028 9052 4871. Alternatively, you can
request an application form by sending an e-mail to pmginfo@dardni.gov.uk.Notes
to editors:1. The PMG Scheme is funded under Measure 1.2 of the Rural
Development Programme 2007 - 2013 and has a Measure allocation of £21.5million
(50% National and 50% EU). 2. The Scheme will close on 31 March 2015; all
projects must be completed by this date. 3. The Scheme is open to sole traders
through to intermediate sized enterprises (750 employees) involved in the
processing of primary agricultural products. Grant is awarded on a competitive
basis and the maximum grant rate is 40%.4. DARD continues to work with Invest NI
in the promotion and delivery of the PMG Scheme.5. Since opening in December
2007 DARD has approved funding of £18.6million to 88 projects. This equates to a
total capital investment of approximately £46.5million (grant of £18.6million
represents a contribution of 40% towards eligible costs). 6. Under this call for
applications financial support, up to £250,000, is available for the purchase of
plant and equipment and / or eligible costs for reconfiguration works to factory
layout and / or building alterations.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Grantham Journal

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday

Rural business aid could be massively beneficial to Grantham's economy'

LENGTH: 160  words


Rural businesses around Grantham are in line for a share of £1.7-£1.9 million,
part of a pot of more than £8 million in new development grant funding destined
for Lincolnshire.

South Kesteven District Council and Lincolnshire County Council were part of a
partnership which bid for the cash through the LEADER programme, which delivers
rural development funding from the EU and Defra.

Grants will benefit areas from farming to tourism, culture, heritage, rural
services and small businesses.

SKDC's economic development manager David Mather said: "Looking at successful
LEADER programmes from elsewhere in Lincolnshire the range of projects it has
helped is enormous, diverse and massively beneficial to our local economy."

Under the new programme, 70 per cent of projects must directly support jobs and
growth. The remaining 30 per cent will also need to demonstrate their
contribution to improving the rural economy. Full details will be announced
early next year.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGJP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Nuneaton News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Firms are needed for funding survey

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 231  words


BUSINESSES are being sought to take part in a survey.

North Warwickshire Borough Council is to submit a bid to the government for
LEADER funding which could enable it to provide small grants to micro and small
businesses which are able to grow the rural area's economy and create jobs.

LEADER is financed by DEFRA and the European Union and is delivered by DEFRA and
will support the development of rural areas over the period up to 2020.

The essence of LEADER is that rural development is most effective when decided
and implemented at local level through a "bottom up" approach.

Emma McKay, LEADER development officer, said: "We would like to reflect the
needs and ambitions of key businesses in North Warwickshire and so hope that we
can gain the views of as many local businesses as possible."

Anyone who runs a North Warwickshire business and would be willing to do a short
interview with one of the researchers in the next few weeks is asked to get in
touch.

Alternatively they can complete the survey online at www.northwarks.gov\leader

The survey aims to establish what constraints there are and what factors
businesses need to be able to grow. The authority is also looking for ideas of
projects which could be developed for grant funding if the bid is successful.

Contact Emma McKay, LEADER development officer, on 01827 719 356 or email
emmamckay@northwarks.gov.uk for more details.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Skegness store benefits from £5K council grant

LENGTH: 243  words


A Skegness shop front has been refurbished and a full time member of staff
employed thanks to a grant from East Lindsey District Council's Rural
Development Fund.

Nicola's Nursery World, a business which has been established for 13 years,
applied for £5,000 to help fund much needed improvements following an 80 per
cent drop in custom.

The grant has enabled the High Street shop to completely revamp its frontage,
replace old rotten windows and install new signage, and employ a permanent
member of staff, as well as create a seasonal vacancy.

Proprietor, Nicola Williams said: "The shop frontage needed refurbishment and
using local tradesmen new windows and signage have been installed, and we have
already seen an increase in business.  The grant awarded by the council has
enabled us to give the premises a fresh new look outside, which also improves
the appearance of the High Street.  Although we have maintained the nursery
department, we have been able to incorporate a homewares department JT Homestyle
too."

Portfolio holder for coastal economy, Coun Steve Kirk, said: "The Rural
Development Fund is about supporting businesses to grow and prosper and I'm
pleased that Nicola and her team have been awarded the grant and been able to
improve their business as a result."

Since its launch in 2012, the Rural Development Fund has awarded £800,000 to 28
local businesses, creating 43 full time positions, 12 part time positions and
six apprenticeships.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Wyoming: Energy audit program designed to help entities save money by saving
energy

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Wyoming Business Council, The State of Wyoming has issued the following news
release:

The Wyoming State Energy Office (SEO), a division of the Wyoming Business
Council, is encouraging Wyoming's small businesses, agriculture producers,
non-profits and local governments to win the battle against energy waste, and
save money at the same time, through its Small Business Energy Audit (SBEA)
program.

The SBEA program is offered through the collaboration of the Wyoming State
Energy Office, the University of Wyoming Extension Service Office, and
Manufacturing-Works.

According to SEO Energy Efficiency Program Manager Sherry Hughes, energy
efficiency improvements and small-scale renewable energy systems are an often
overlooked and cost-effective opportunity for Wyoming's business owners.

"It's not easy knowing how to conserve energy without knowing where that energy
is being consumed, or possibly wasted" she said. "The small business energy
audit program can help businesses identify problem areas and get started on a
better energy efficiency strategy."

A total of 51 grants have been issued since 2005, but it's been within the past
two years that grant funds have been made available for retrofits identified in
the audits, according to Hughes.

In addition, the partnership with the UW Extension office and
Manufacturing-Works offers an additional $2,000 through a USDA Rural Development
pass-through grant for small businesses located in rural areas: business located
in cities with a population less than 50,000.

The USDA Rural Development pass-through grant also offers a renewable energy
assessment for rural small businesses, farmers and ranches. Renewable energy
assessments explore producing energy through small-scale biomass, geothermal,
hydroelectric, solar (thermal and electric), and wind energy systems. However,
residences and housing units are not eligible.

To reinvigorate awareness around the SBEA program, the SEO has launched an
advertising campaign called "Be a Wyoming Energy Champ."

For further information please visit: http://www.wyomingbusiness.org

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Kentucky: Gov. Beshear Joins Federal Officials to Announce New Program to Assist
Communities Affected by the Downturn of Coal, Energy Production

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Frankfort


Department of Commonwealth, The State of Kentucky has issued the following news
release:

Governor Steve Beshear today joined several federal and state officials to
announce the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) initiative, which will award up to $38 million in grants
to coal communities to support economic and workforce development. The POWER
initiative is designed to effectively utilize a range of federal economic and
workforce development resources to assist communities negatively impacted by the
downturn of coal and energy production.

"It is no secret that our Kentucky coal communities have been struggling due to
a steady decline in production, and we must continue working on ways to expand
economic opportunities there," said Gov. Beshear. "The POWER initiative
emphasizes public, private and philanthropic partnerships tailored to the
specific needs of each community. I believe the POWER initiative will be a
strong component in helping our coal communities overcome their challenges and
thrive in the future. We will aggressively pursue these grant funds with our
local partners."

POWER will award grants to using $28 million to $38 million in FY 2015 funds
from the Department of Commerce (DOC), Department of Labor (DOL), Small Business
Administration (SBA), and the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC). Grants will
be competitively awarded to applicants including state agencies, local
governments and stakeholders anchored in coal communities to develop and
implement strategic plans that will:

diversify economies;
    create jobs in new or existing industries;
    attract new sources of job-creating investments; and
    provide a range of workforce services and skills training that offer
industry-recognized credentials for high-quality, in-demand jobs.

Grant applications are tentatively set to be announced in April and May.

Joining Gov. Beshear today were U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for
Economic Development Jay Williams; White House Director of Intergovernmental
Affairs and former Lt. Governor Jerry Abramson; Senior Advisor to the President
Brian Deese; and Lillian Salerno, administrator of USDA's Rural Business
-Cooperative Service. Each spoke to the importance of the POWER initiative and
the positive impact it can have on struggling communities.

"The Obama Administration is committed to supporting our workers and communities
as they face challenges related to a changing energy landscape in this country,"
said Assistant Secretary Williams. "EDA is proud to be leading the POWER
initiative and we look forward to working with our federal partners to help
communities diversify their economies and help workers get the skills they need
to adapt to and thrive in this changing economy."

"The POWER initiative is an opportunity to bring together the best efforts of
federal, state, and local governments and the private and non-profits sectors to
help Kentuckians build a better future for themselves, their businesses, and
their families," said Abramson.

The Department for Commerce's Economic Development Administration (EDA) will be
the administrative home for POWER and coordinate the effort among the many
federal agencies involved in the initiative. Grant selection, awards and
execution will be managed by each authorized agency, with EDA playing a
coordination role. For more information about the EDA, visit www.eda.gov.

$1.8 Million USDA Rural Business Loan
In coordination with today's POWER announcement, USDA Administrator Lillian
Salerno announced approval of a $1.8 million loan for a new innovative business
in Eastern Kentucky.

Kentucky Dairy Product Innovations (KYPDI) is a health-and-wellness beverage
business headquartered in London, Ky., that will become the first U.S. producer
of low-calorie, lactose-free skim milk. Using the low-calorie, lactose-free skim
milk, the company also has created a new carbonated and flavored dairy product
called Fizza that has been approved for sale at middle and high schools across
the country.

"Investing in small, rural businesses is essential to continuing the economic
revitalization we are seeing today," said Salerno. "The funding announced today
will help support the Obama Administration's vision by providing rural
communities with resources to support small businesses and create new,
sustainable jobs."

The funding is provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
program. It will enable KYDPI to lease-purchase a 12,000-square-foot production
facility in the London-Laurel County Industrial Park. The company plans to hire
up to 20 employees as a result of USDA's investment, which is supplemented by
other funding from Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation and a Community
Development Block Grant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

State, local leaders celebrate Burton Signworks expansion

BYLINE: Meghann Evans, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 799 words


Aug. 20--Burton Signworks Inc. recently expanded into an industrial facility
that had been vacant for a few years, an encouraging sign for local officials
who hope to see new jobs created and abandoned buildings revitalized in the
city.

A ribbon cutting ceremony was held on Friday for the Burton Signworks annex now
located at a former apparel manufacturing facility on Riverside Drive in Mount
Airy. The business was able to use a grant from the North Carolina Rural Center
to renovate the building, which led to the creation of 12 new jobs this year.

Representatives from the city of Mount Airy, the county, Surry County Economic
Development Partnership, Sen. Richard Burr's office, the Rural Center and
various businesses and organizations were present for the ceremony. State Rep.
Sarah Stevens also attended. LeeAnn Stokes, Surry County EDP vice president,
counted 75 people at the event.

Todd Tucker, president of Surry County EDP, said, "We all work together to make
these things happen."

The EDP and Mount Airy Community Development began efforts to assist Burton
Signworks' expansion last November. The city was able to apply for a grant from
the Rural Center's Building Reuse and Restoration Grants Program on behalf of
the company. Near the end of February, the Rural Center notified city officials
that the city had been awarded $76,899 to assist the company with its expansion.
The company recently began moving in equipment to the annex.

Tucker said the county often depends on Rural Center funding for economic
development projects, and the agency has provided hundreds of thousands of
dollars to Surry County businesses, he said.

"It does a great job for rural counties," said Tucker.

Patrick Woodie, vice president of rural development programs for the N.C. Rural
Center, was on hand to deliver remarks at the ribbon cutting. He explained the
Rural Center started the Building Reuse and Restoration Grants Program in 2004
and has since helped fund 294 projects in 85 counties for a total of $39.4
million, leading to the creation of more than 6,000 jobs and leveraging $541
million in investments.

Woodie said the purpose of the program is to put people back to work and to make
existing facilities assets and places of economic activity.

He said of Burton Signworks: "It's great to see it's still growing strong and
adding jobs."

T.J. Payne, president of Burton Signworks, said during the program, "We are
growing ... We're excited about the future."

He said he was thankful for the grant. "It's been great, and it's worked out
really well," Payne said.

The annex will now be used for production of channel letters and awnings, Payne
said. The move will free up 10,000 feet of space at the business's main building
on Junction Street for production of larger items, according to David Shirley,
general manager of Burton Signworks.

The building on Riverside, which was formerly used by Cross Creek Apparel, had
been vacant for around three years, according to Todd Surratt, one of the
building's owners. Around one-third of the 207,000-square-foot building is
leased now, he said.

Tucker said expansions into existing facilities help maintain taxable value of
property and keep businesses from decaying and becoming an eyesore in the
community. He said an industrial facility is like a live animal; it has to be
maintained or it will die.

Tucker said of the grant, "It's a good use of money. It puts taxable equipment
and real property back on the books."

Other officials delivered remarks at the program before Mayor Deborah Cochran
performed the ribbon cutting.

Betty Ann Collins, president of the Greater Mount Airy Chamber of Commerce, said
the project should be an example for other businesses in the community. "This
investment has put life back into this facility," she remarked.

Cochran thanked the company for the jobs it created. She said, "It encourages me
when I am in the presence of a company who is not satisfied to merely compete
for business, but is willing to take bold action to lead their industry."

Burton Signworks now employees around 70 people, Shirley said, and plans to hire
more people in the future. He said the company, which has been around for more
than 30 years, has grown significantly in the past few years, from 27 employees
five years ago to 70 now. The business is now becoming a national company.

"We are all over the United States now doing work," said Shirley.

Contact Meghann Evans at 719-1952 or mevans@mtairynews.com

To see more of The Mount Airy News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtairynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Mount Airy News, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110820-NI-State-local-leaders-celebrate-Burton-Signworks-expansion-0820-201108
20

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2011


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              South Wales Guardian

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday

B & B facelift spruces up heritage site

SECTION: AMMANFORD NEWS (SWG AMMANFORDNEWS)

LENGTH: 286 words


THE Drovers Bed and Breakfast in Llandovery is being given a facelift thanks to
a grant under the Rural Development Plan for Wales.

The owners of the business in Market Square, Llandovery, Jill and Michael Blud,
are looking to restore the building in order to match an adjoining property
which has recently been updated as a result of the Town Heritage Initiative.

The B&B has recently been upgraded from 4 Star to 5 Star accommodation. It
offers two double and one twin room, all en-suite, and has featured in Alistair
Sawday's 'Special Places to Stay' guide.

The business in Market Square, Llandovery, has been given a Village Improvement
Grant of £2,030 towards the £4,060 cost of the project to upgrade nine sash
windows and paint the frontage of the property which is a Grade 2 listed
building.

This grant has been made under the Village Enhancement Project, which has
received funding of £940,049 through the Rural Development Plan for Wales 2007 -
2013, which is funded by the Welsh Assembly Government and the European
Agricultural fund for Rural Development. The Project aims to enhance the
appearance of rural towns and villages and stimulate economic growth. The VIG
itself is aimed to enhance the branding of commercial properties in rural areas.

Project Development Officer Michael Morgan said: "The Drovers B&B is a prominent
building in the heart of Llandovery."

Mr Blud said: "We are having the windows at the front refurbished in keeping
with the old building. The work will start in May. It will all help to maintain
the fabric of the building."

Local county councillor Ivor Jackson said: "This will enhance the Market Square
which is a popular area, particularly during the summer when the tourists come
in."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                                October 25, 2000

Plan sets out to protect countryside
 farming

BYLINE: By Paul Hart

SECTION: News;Business;Agri/Fish/Food, Pg.17

LENGTH: 993 words


OVER the next seven years GBP 1.6-billion will be made available to the England
Rural Development Plan.

This is being partly funded through both arable area and livestock headage
payments being reduced by 2.5 per cent in 2001, rising to 4.5 per cent in 2005.

Paul White, of Brigg-based Brown & Co, said: 'Translated into the economic
effect on your farm, this will result in, on average, a loss in income of up to
GBP 4 per acre per annum.

'With agricultural incomes in the doldrums, imagination is required to ensure
some or all of this lost income returns to the farm.i

The England Rural Development Plan sets out eto protect and improve the
countryside and to encourage sustainable enterprise and thriving rural
communities'.

As part of the plan there will be 10 separate measures or opportunities and they
include:

- Environmentally Sensitive Area Scheme.

- Countryside Stewardship Scheme.

- Organic Farming Scheme.

- Woodland Grant Scheme.

- Farm Woodland Premium Scheme.

- Hill Farm Allowance Scheme.

- Processing and Marketing Grants.

- Rural Enterprise Scheme.

- Energy Crops Scheme.

- Vocational Training for people in farming and forestry.

Mr White said: 'From these, you can see that only the last three initiatives are
new, the remainder being already part of the rural support programme.

'While all areas will provide attraction to certain individuals, there is
perhaps more collective benefit to be found within the Processing and Marketing
Grant Scheme, the Rural Enterprise Scheme and the Vocational Training.i

In broad terms these three schemes will support the industry in the following
way.

- Processing and Marketing Grant Scheme: The aim is to encourage a fresh
approach to the processing and marketing of primary agricultural products with
grants to support this.

- Training: The objective is to improve and broaden skills currently available
on farms.

The objective of the Rural Enterprise Scheme will be to support the development
of diversifying and enterprising rural economies.

Mr White said: 'Projects might include certain areas of product marketing,
projects to aid the development of villages, to help with improvement of
infrastructure connected with the development of agriculture, tourism and craft,
protection of the environment and improvement of anima1 welfare, to name a few.i

While MAFF is likely to have the overall responsibility of operating the
schemes, local support and advice will be available.

The Rural Development Scheme Plan has been approved by the European Commission
and Mr White, who can be contacted on (01652) 654833, said that Brown & Co could
advise on how people might benefit from the various schemes available.

paul.hart@scunthorpetelegraph.co.uk

New moves to save abattoirs

SMALL and medium sized abattoirs and cutting plants are being forced out of
business by crippling meat inspection charges, claimed the Soil Association.

It has joined forces with six other organisations to help save the smaller
abattoir sector, which organic livestock producers and consumers of
locally-produced organic meat depend on.

Other members of the consortium include the Country Landowners' Association, the
Council for the Protection of Rural England, the National Federation of Meat and
Food Traders, the National Trust, the Rare Breeds Survival Trust and the Royal
Society for the Protection of Birds.

Phil Stocker of the Soil Association's Producer Services said the Government had
the answer in its own hands.

A working group set up to look into the issue urged the Government in June to
change the system of charging for statutory meat inspection from an hourly rate
to one based on the number of animals slaughtered.

This would bring the UK into line with the rest of the EU.

Wages board 'not good news'

THE retention of the Agricultural Wages Board will continue to frustrate the
efforts of Britain's farmers to meet the challenges of the market, claims the
NFU.

The NFU had called for the board's abolition but MAFF has decided to keep it for
at least another five years.

NFU president Ben Gill said: 'It is widely acknowledged that the role of the
wages board is outdated.

'In an increasingly competitive global trading environment it is vital that the
market be responsible for setting wage levels.

'It is small wonder that this decision will be greeted with real frustration by
farmers and growers who quite rightly believed that the introduction of the
National Minimum Wage and employment legislation such as the Working Time
Regulations had finally made the role of the wages board redundant.i

In this region NFU senior technical adviser Paul Tame said: 'MAFF are planning
to modernise apsects of the board's operation.

'The NFU will be looking at these plans closely in an effort to reduce the
considerable regulatory burden of this system.i

:Farmers looking at alternatives

THE publication of revised regional planning guidance is good news for many
farmers looking to diversify in response to the crisis in agriculture, says the
NFU.

Paul Tame, NFU senior technical adviser covering this area, said the revised
guidance demonstrated that the NFU's message that farm businesses needed to be
helped in their efforts to find new ways to stay in business was being fed down
to decision -makers.

It follows intense lobbying by the NFU and a presentation to the National
Planning Seminar in London in May.

The NFU has repeatedly stressed that national planning policy guidance for rural
areas needs to be reinforced in all national guidance notes and reflected at
regional and local level.

The new guidance recognises the contribution made by farming to the rural
economy and highlights the need for new and diversified business development to
maintain the economic vitality of rural communities.

Mr Tame said: 'We have made it clear that many farmers are being forced to look
at alternative directions for their businesses in order to survive.i

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.



 Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the &ldquo;underlying programs&rdquo;):
Community Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community
Facility Direct Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and
Waste Disposal Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and
Rural Business Development Grants each fiscal year.



 Need and use of the Information: To be eligible for the reserved funds a
project must meet three criteria: Projects must first be eligible for funding
under the underlying program from which funds are reserved; carried out solely
in rural areas and that the project support the implementation of a strategic
economic development or community development plan on a multi-jurisdictional
basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will submit information on the
Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project supports, and the project's
measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of information is necessary for
the Agency to identify projects eligible for the reserved funding under the
Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible applications.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 374.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,348.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Morpeth Herald

                            February 11, 2013 Monday

£1m grant scheme offers a helping hand to county's small businesses

LENGTH: 325  words


SMALL businesses in Northumberland have a chance of benefiting from a new grant
funding scheme.

Launched by the North East Rural Growth Network, the £1million support package
aims to allow up and coming or existing enterprises with less than ten employees
to develop new and much needed jobs.

The money is being provided from Defra's Rural Development Programme for England
and is in addition to £3.2million already invested by Defra in the pilot
network.

Its aims include helping owners to overcome the challenges of running businesses
in more remote locations, such as a shortage of work premises.

Fiona Cruickshank, North East Local Enterprise Partnership (NELEP) board member,
said: "As lead partner in the North East Rural Growth Network Programme, NELEP
welcomes the introduction of the new Small Business Growth Fund, which will make
an important contribution to our agreed economic growth priorities.

"This fund will help to underpin the wider programme of support for small
business growth across rural communities in Durham, Gateshead and Northumberland
and bolster rural economies in these areas.

"The new scheme will help equip high quality rural micro-enterprises across the
North East LEP area with the resources to grow and compete. We would encourage
applications from any such businesses within the relevant sectors with ambitious
plans for their future."

Rural enterprises will be able to apply for grant funding of between £10,000 and
£150,000, and applicants must meet 60 per cent of project costs.

The fund is looking for projects that will boost turnover, create new jobs and
open up access to new markets and they must be a new activity or step change for
the business applying. Guidance and support will also be provided.

Northumberland County Council is the accountable body for the North East Rural
Growth Network. To find out more about the growth fund, visit
www.northumberland.gov.uk or call Alison Hesselberth on 01670 623924.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPMH


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                             June 11, 2009 Thursday

Access grants now to boost future profitability, says Savills

SECTION: FARMING NEWS (SWF FARMING NEWS)

LENGTH: 342 words


CORNISH farmers and rural enterprises must make the most of grant funding to
improve their businesses for the future, says rural consultant Savills.

In the current economic climate, securing 40% - or potentially up to 100% -
grant funding for new projects would provide a huge boost to farmers seeking to
improve efficiencies or diversify.

Speaking at the Royal Cornwall Show, Paul Cressy, Associate Director at Savills'
Bodmin office, said Cornish businesses could access £55m through the Rural
Development Programme (RDP), which runs until 2013. "And now is the ideal time
to start investing grant money for the future.

"The RDP seeks to increase competitiveness of the agriculture and forestry
sectors; improve the environment and the countryside; boost the quality of life
in rural areas and encourage diversification of economic activity," he said.

"This means that funding is available for a wide variety of projects, from
energy-saving dairy vacuum pumps and office conversions to slurry injectors or
miscanthus processing plants. The only limiting factor is your imagination, and
a decent business plan."

Grants are available for agricultural resource management; one-to-one farm
business advice; practical training; farm diversification projects; adding
value; and rural micro-businesses.

"In April Hilary Benn announced plans to increase the funding limit from 50% to
100%, to make it easier for rural businesses to benefit from the grants during
the economic downturn," said Mr Cressy. "If this goes through it will be a huge
boon for Cornish businesses."

However, all applications must be supported by a robust business plan, and, if
planning permission is required, it must be obtained before applying for grant
aid. "If you are thinking of investing in your farm or business, Savills can
help you develop your ideas, and put together a business plan and grant
application. It is not always an easy process, but by taking professional advice
you can optimise your chances of securing this valuable funding, and improve
your business for the future."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Eastern Daily Press

                                  May 27, 2006

There is a growing sense of frustration about the handling of grant applications
under the Rural Development Programme because Defra, the Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has effectively run out of funds

BYLINE: POLLITT

SECTION: LEADER

LENGTH: 211 words


There is a growing sense of frustration about the handling of grant applications
under the Rural Development Programme because Defra, the Department for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has effectively run out of funds. Farmers
across England were encouraged to take advantage of the Rural Enterprise Grant
Scheme, which would help to finance investment in projects to create and sustain
employment and also benefit wildlife and conservation.

All applicants had to submit detailed costings, obtain planning permission and
so on before making the formal submission. These were the rules set by the
Defra's Rural Development Programme. In one example, Broadland farmers Louis and
Fran Baugh spent more than £15,000 to jump through the bureaucratic hoops. They
they were told that there was virtually no likelihood of funding. They created
miles of new footpaths to improve access for visitors to enjoy a gem in the
heart of the Norfolk broads as part of a long-term strategy to build a
sustainable farming business and keep dairy cows grazing the marshes.

While everyone accepts that this is a competitive business to obtain grant
funding, it seems very unfair for the rules to be changed half-way through the
process. Defra should think again.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

                    Copyright 2006 Eastern Daily Press (EDP)
