



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Friday, March 31, 2017  21:41:48 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (Specialty Crop Block Grant Program)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                               1 of 814 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2015 Texas Tech University School of Law
                             Texas Tech Law Review

                                  Summer, 2015

                             Texas Tech Law Review

                            47 Tex. Tech L. Rev. 635

LENGTH: 10483 words

ARTICLE: GROWING TEXAS WINE: A PRIMER FOR THE PRACTITIONER AND A CHALLENGE TO
THE LEGISLATURE

NAME: Elizabeth Hill *

BIO:



   * Associate at Craig, Terrill, Hale & Grantham, LLP. J.D., Texas Tech
University School of Law, 2012; B.A., Texas Tech University, 1997; M.Ed. 2001.

 TEXT:
 [*636]  I. INTRODUCTION

   While the Texas wine industry has expanded exponentially in recent years, its
companion--the wine grape growing industry--has struggled to stay on pace with
demand.  n1 Yet, Texas soil is home to eight federally approved American
Viticulture Areas (AVA), including two of the largest in the nation.  n2 With
vast acreage availability, Texas could easily become the next California.  n3
Recently, support for the wine grape growing industry has stalled due to budget
cuts in agriculture.  n4 But the 2014 Farm Bill arrived just in time--denoting
expansive funding for specialty crops, such as wine grapes.  n5 The Texas
Legislature has already shown a desire to support the burgeoning industry.  n6
Now, the Farm Bill--funneled through state agencies--will allow Texas to provide
much-needed research, reporting, and development to wine grapes--potentially the
next "big" thing in the state where "everything is bigger."  n7

   This Article serves the dual purpose of (1) a primer covering the most common
legal concerns that face wine grape growers in Texas, and (2) a  [*637]  charge
to the Texas Legislature to take specific action to enable the wine grape
growing industry to flourish.  n8 As a specialty crop with an extended
pre-production stage, wine grape growers often face a myriad of challenges.  n9
Nonetheless, many opportunities lay waiting on the horizon due to a concerted
legislative effort to promote and support the industry.  n10 As the "rising
star" of Texas, the wine and grape industry will likely encounter both success
and challenges as the industry continues to grow.  n11 Practitioners should
remain keenly aware of developing legal issues to allow wine grape growers to
focus their efforts on growing quality grapes for quality wine.  n12 At the same
time, the Texas Legislature should continue to show a vested interest in the
grape growing industry.  n13 Overall, the demand and interest in Texas wine
grapes will likely continue to rise to a position of even higher prominence
across Texas and the nation--so long as the Texas Legislature answers the call
to grow Texas wine.  n14

   II. HISTORY AND EXPANSION OF THE TEXAS WINE AND GRAPE GROWING INDUSTRY

   There is nothing new about growing wine grapes in Texas.  n15 The current
rate of growth and expansion for wine grape vineyards and wineries in Texas,
however, is unprecedented.  n16 Native wild grapes have grown along Texas rivers
and streams for thousands of years.  n17 Spanish missionaries are believed to
have first planted vineyards near El Paso in the seventeenth century.  n18 By
1900, Texas was home to twenty-five wineries--a budding industry that was
sidelined by Prohibition.  n19 Following the repeal of Prohibition, the industry
gradually returned and grew steadily until the 1980s, when commercial vineyards
and wineries began popping up all over the state.  n20

    [*638]  In 2000, a total of only forty wineries were bonded in the state.
n21 A short ten years later, Texas was home to a total of 157 wineries.  n22 By
2014, that number skyrocketed to 273.  n23 While vineyards have multiplied
across the state, wine grape growers have struggled to keep up with the
inevitable demand as a result of Texas winery growth.  n24 In 2006, vineyards
covered an estimated 3,200 acres on Texas soil.  n25 While reflecting growth in
2014, that number only increased to 4,400 acres--not matching the exponential
growth of the number of Texas wineries.  n26 Nonetheless, the Texas wine
industry's development is further reflected by Texas's status among the rest of
the nation.  n27 In 2007, Texas was not ranked in the top ten wine-producing
states.  n28 Although Texas still lags behind the top ten in the quantity of
wine produced, in 2008 Texas held the number six spot in the number of wineries
per state.  n29

   With the growing industry in mind, traditional crop farmers--especially
cotton farmers located on the Texas High Plains--are turning to grapes to
weather the dry heat.  n30 Although seemingly counterintuitive, grapevines
require less water than cotton.  n31 And, while wine grapes present other unique
risk issues, farmers are finding a place in the industry with the increasing
demand.  n32 Currently, the demand for Texas wine grapes significantly exceeds
the availability.  n33 Even if all vineyards in Texas fully produced on all
vines planted in the state, Texas wineries would still be forced to look
elsewhere to supplement their grape supply.  n34 The demand in Texas is likely
to continue to rise.  n35 The exploding industry presents unique considerations
[*639]  for not only the grower, but also the Texas Legislature.  n36 With the
spotlight on the growing industry, the Texas Legislature has responded to the
public's interest in various ways--proposing and approving multiple laws that
ultimately impact the industry.  n37 In order to enable the wine grape growing
industry to flourish, however, more legislation is needed.  n38

A. History of Texas Legislation Affecting the Texas Wine and Wine Grape Growing
Industries

   Industry efforts to develop and market Texas wine have impacted and spurred
lawmakers to action--particularly in the past sixteen years.  n39 Recognizing
that "the growth of the Texas wine industry has had a positive impact on the
Texas economy," the Texas Legislature has enacted several pieces of legislation
that promote and support the Texas wine industry.  n40 The Go Texan program--a
1999 act of the Texas Legislature--spearheads the campaign to promote Texas wine
made from the grapes of Texas vineyards.  n41 The Go Texan Bill (the Bill)
established a partner program providing incentives to producers, restaurants,
and distributors to collectively promote Texas agriculture and livestock
products.  n42 Emerging from the Go Texan program, the Texas Department of
Agriculture developed Go Texan Wine--an incentive sub-program specific to
promoting Texas wine.  n43 The Department oversees the use of the highly touted
Go Texan mark and the partner program, which distributes matching funds to
wineries or other distributors to market Texas wine.  n44 Shortly thereafter, as
a follow-up to the Go Texan program, the Texas Legislature enacted the Texas
Wine Marketing Assistance Program in 2001--an initiative specifically designed
to promote and develop the Texas wine industry.  n45 The Department of
Agriculture  [*640]  administers the two programs in a joint fashion, allowing
Go Texan partners to utilize the funds designated through the Texas Wine
Marketing Assistance Program.  n46 Additionally, Senate Bill 1370--implementing
the Wine Industry Development Fund--designated certain funds, obtained through
surcharges on licenses and permits, to the Department of Agriculture's efforts
to market Texas wine.  n47

   The Go Texan campaign, along with other state efforts, appears to be working:
wineries report that many consumers prefer wine produced from Texas-grown
grapes.  n48 Nonetheless, because of unique legal considerations facing
vineyards in Texas, the wine grape industry and, likewise, the Texas economy,
could benefit from additional legislation.  n49 In order to fully appreciate the
next steps needed, the Texas Legislature, as well as practitioners, should
understand the unique aspects of vineyard operations.  n50

   III. BUSINESS AND TAX IMPLICATIONS FOR VINEYARDS

A. Tax Treatment

1. The Pre-Productive Period

   For decades, viticulture industry farmers treated pre-productive costs in the
same way as many other farmers by deducting those expenses.  n51 Legislative
concerns and a pinnacle case in the 1970s, however, shifted the treatment of
start-up expenses for vineyards to become more similar to nonagricultural
industries (where initial expenses are viewed as investment in a long-term
asset).  n52 The long-term nature of vines--as opposed to many other crops
--necessitates that the vine be treated as an asset having a useful life of more
than one year.  n53

    [*641]  a. Limits on Depreciation

   It typically takes three years from the year of planting--with no weather
setbacks--to produce a "commercially harvestable crop."  n54 For tax purposes,
this point is determined when the sales proceeds exceed the costs of harvest to
the grower.  n55 Once the vines become productive, they are expected to continue
to bear in commercial quantities for years, or sometimes even decades.  n56
Consequently, pre-production costs must be capitalized.  n57 The pre-productive
period ends at the harvest and sale for those farmers who only grow grapes, or
at the crushing of grapes for growers who also operate a winery or grow grapes
for self-use.  n58

   This treatment is distinct from the treatment of more traditional crop
growers who are considered annual planters (those who have a preproductive
period of less than two years).  n59 This rule has been tough on grape growers
as it virtually operates as a bar to deductions of costs associated with the
crop prior to the first commercially productive harvest.  n60 Ultimately, this
acts as a hurdle to the start-up of vineyards.  n61 Fortunately, many growers
have moved forward with the initial start-up expenses associated with investing
in a vineyard with the hopeful expectation that the long-term investment will
pay off.  n62

2. Equipment and Development Costs

   Similar to pre-production costs, vineyards require the development of
equipment, such as irrigation systems and trellises, which creates unique tax
concerns.  n63 Specifically, it is not always intuitive in determining which
expenses should be considered agricultural equipment and which expenses should
be deemed land improvements.  n64 As more and more farmers have turned to drip
(or subsurface) irrigation, today, the prevailing practice for all  [*642]  new
vineyards includes the installation of drip irrigation.  n65 Further, vineyards
require the installation of a trellis system.  n66

   a. Land Improvement or Equipment?

   In 2007, a tax court in California squarely addressed the question of whether
drip irrigation and trellis systems could be deducted as agriculture equipment.
n67 Noting that the current revenue procedures did not delineate the treatment
of trellis systems, the court applied the Whiteco factors to determine whether
trellises should be treated as equipment or improvements.  n68

   The Whiteco factors include the following: (1) "whether the property [is]
capable of being moved," (2) "whether the property [is] designed or constructed
to remain permanently in place," (3) "whether there [a]re circumstances which
tend to show the expected or intended length of affixation," (4) "[h]ow
substantial a job is removal of the property and how time-consuming is it," (5)
"[h]ow much damage will the property sustain upon its removal," and (6) "the
manner of affixation of the property to the land."  n69

   The court determined that although trellises are usually intended to stay in
place for the life of the vine, the majority of the factors favor treating the
trellis system as equipment because it is more easily moved and may require
removal due to the replacement of vines.  n70 The court found the converse in
applying the same factors to the drip irrigation system.  n71 Although drip
irrigation systems are capable of being moved, the fact that the majority of the
system is submerged underground led the court to treat drip irrigation as a land
improvement.  n72 An important factor the court considered was the presumption
that much of the irrigation system would likely become unusable if removed.  n73
Unlike the determination that vines and preproduction costs must be capitalized,
this decision was considered a big win for the wine grape industry.  n74

    [*643]  B. Entity Selection

   While entity selection may not typically present complex obstacles for grape
growers, there may be circumstances in which an owner engages in mixed
operations.  n75 A winery is considered a manufacturer and, therefore, must use
the accrual method of accounting; a vineyard may generally use the cash method.
n76 Such dual-purpose operations can present challenges for owners.  n77

1. Problems with Dual Entities

   For example, in Oakcross Vineyards, Ltd. v. Commissioner, a winery that
operated its own vineyard fell into tax trouble when it attempted to defer
payment for grapes to the vineyard--operated as a partnership--until after the
wine was in production.  n78 The winery operated as a corporation under a
general partnership that also owned the vineyard.  n79 The Commissioner
determined that the cash method that the vineyard partnership utilized did not
accurately reflect its income.  n80 Although the Ninth Circuit noted that the
vineyard had a good argument to the contrary because it did "not actually or
constructively receive the income," the vineyard simply could not overcome the
high burden required to overturn a decision of the Commissioner.  n81

2. Consolidated Group Operations

   Prior to the Oakcross decision, vineyards and wineries that operated together
often chose similar brother--sister entities.  n82 Since that time, however,
vineyards that operate in conjunction with wineries have found that corporations
in a consolidated group may properly defer income.  n83

   Within a consolidated group, the vineyard will sell its grapes to the winery
under a deferred intercompany transaction.  n84 The vineyard may expense its
farming costs and postpone any recognition of the grape sales until the time the
wine actually reaches the market.  n85 Although the Internal Revenue Service
again challenged these practices, Treasury Regulation  [*644]  § 1.263(a)-4(a)
has now explicitly provided that a vineyard and winery may operate under a
consolidated group.  n86 Nonetheless, grape growers who choose to also operate
wineries should seek careful tax advice when expensing items and purchasing
grapes for wine production within their own operation.  n87

C. Contracts

   Contract usage varies significantly across various crops.  n88 Approximately
half of all fruit in the nation is under contract before it is harvested.  n89
Yet, across the wine grape industry, contract use tends to be even more
widespread--as high as ninety percent.  n90 Unlike many contracts affecting
annual growers, such as those who produce cotton or peanuts, wine grape
contracts are typically a long-term commitment--often for three to five years
with the option to renew annually or with an evergreen provision.  n91 Many
contracts are executed before the first vine is planted.  n92 Typically, an
attorney for the winery drafts the contract, and too often the growers do not
have their own attorney review the contract before agreeing.  n93 Yet, there are
many provisions within a wine grape contract critical for the grower.  n94

1. Length of Term

   Importantly, wine grape contracts should clearly identify the length of the
term of the contract.  n95 Unique to the wine grape industry, the length of the
typical contract extends across several years.  n96 This is partially due to the
pre-production period for vines, but is also due to preferences of both wineries
and growers to obtain stability in contracting.  n97 Notably, wine grape growers
have different, and often fewer, resources than those available to farmers who
grow crops with strong area cooperative associations.  n98  [*645]  Whereas in
the cotton industry, the local gin may assist farmers in connecting with
purchasers, the wine grape industry does not have similar third party
relationships.  n99 Typically, the wine grape grower must negotiate directly
with the winery.  n100 Consequently, long-term relationships develop and are
often preferred.  n101

2. Pricing

   Wine grape contracts most typically address pricing with a fixed price per
tonnage for each varietal, with quality variables.  n102 While a price per
acreage or variable can be negotiated, industry practice--especially in
Texas--holds true to a fixed tonnage contract.  n103 One of the unique draws for
Texas vineyards are the high prices that Texas wineries will pay for fruit grown
in the state.  n104 A Texas winery may pay $ 1,500-$ 2,000 per ton for fruit
grown in Texas that can be shipped in from California for $ 400 per ton.  n105
The continued demand for Texas grapes, even in the face of more economical
options available out of state, reflects the growing trend in Texas to purchase
and produce Texas wine.  n106

a. Varietal Pricing Limitations

   In addition to fixing a price at a specific tonnage, different varietals
garner different prices.  n107 In California, the National Agricultural
Statistics Service Grape Crush Report, produced annually, often dictates the
varietal pricing.  n108 In Texas, however, grape pricing is more typically
dictated by local supply and demand, resulting in increasingly higher prices.
n109 While the higher prices favor the grower in Texas, new growers might
unrealistically expect high prices and may not be in a position to negotiate the
highest pricing.  n110

    [*646]  Nonetheless, grape growers should ensure that their contracts
contain specifically identified pricing terms.  n111 Certainly, the more
specific the contract is with regards to pricing terms, the less likely it is
that a dispute will arise at harvest.  n112 Depending on the varietal, these
pricing terms can vary--typically in the form of either bonuses or
penalties--not only according to tonnage, but also according to the level of
sugars, acidity, and pH at the time of the harvest.  n113 At times, a different
price per ton is assigned dependent on the sugar level of the grapes.  n114
Other variables placed on the price of the grape could potentially include
requested production practices.  n115

b. Open Terms

   Some growers, especially in California, continue to utilize a negotiated
pricing term.  n116 These terms are often included in long-term contracts with
evergreen clauses to allow the price to follow any fluctuations in the region's
market.  n117 If the grower chooses this route, some fallback formula should
always be included to anticipate times when the grower and winery cannot reach
an agreement.  n118 Negotiated contract pricing is used less often in Texas.
n119

3. Payment Terms

   In addition to pricing, growers must also ensure that the payment
terms--particularly the timing of payment--are clearly addressed.  n120 Some
wineries may prefer to make payments at intervals following harvest, such as
thirty, sixty, or ninety-day increments, while other wineries prefer a set
deadline at or after harvest.  n121 Regardless, the grape grower should review
and determine whether the timing of payment, as well as the price itself, will
be a workable agreement.  n122

    [*647]  4. Miscellaneous Terms

a. Use of Vineyard Name

   It is becoming increasingly desirable for wineries to highlight the vineyard
name, and even location, directly on the wine bottle.  n123 Yet, without an
agreement between the parties, such use would exceed a typical boilerplate grape
sale contract and could constitute unlawful use in promotion of a product.  n124
The contract should specify whether use (license) is granted and information
that may be included on the bottle or in other advertising materials.  n125
Further, any granting of a license should be non-exclusive to allow the grower
to contract with more than one winery, as is customary.  n126

b. Grape Growing and Harvesting Practices

   In addition to constraints placed on grape quality and practices that may
affect pricing, contracts may also set out specific practices required of the
vineyard.  n127 Growing and harvesting practices may include: an approved spray
program with accurate record-keeping, mechanical harvesting approval dependent
on grape quality, a determination of who will arrange transportation of the
grapes from the vineyard after harvest (typically the winery), inspection and
testing of grapes prior to harvest and for quality after harvest, and compliance
with all state and federal laws.  n128

c. Dispute Resolution

   Arbitration is often a popular choice for wine grape contracts.  n129
Importantly, however, growers should reach an informed decision as to whether
they agree for the arbitration to be binding or non-binding.  n130 In addition,
growers should review the requirements of the arbitration provision and whether
a particular arbitration act or law applies.  n131

    [*648]  5. Other Terms

   Ultimately, wine growers in Texas are in a position to negotiate the terms of
the contract, not limited to the pricing.  n132 Practitioners should recognize
that the bargaining power afforded growers in Texas currently includes a variety
of advantages in ensuring that the typical wine grape contract is not completed
until it is well-balanced for the grower--as well as the winery.  n133

D. Employment Concerns in the Vineyard: The Migrant Worker

   As a labor-intensive crop, the growing of wine grapes requires workers who
are willing to spend countless hours doing various tasks, including pruning,
training, and suckering vines.  n134 Consequently, vineyards often find
difficulty keeping and maintaining employees.  n135 Napa Valley has long
acknowledged its dependence on migrant workers.  n136

   While the exact number of migrant farm workers in the United States is
unknown due to a lack of self-reporting, recent estimates conclude that anywhere
from three to five million migrant and seasonal workers are in the country at
any given time.  n137 Studies estimate that approximately fifty percent of all
hired farm workers are not legally authorized to work in the country.  n138

   Vineyard owners who utilize migrant workers must ensure compliance with
federal laws and regulations.  n139 The principle legislation and regulations
that provide the cornerstone for the H-2A worker visa program originated in the
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA), which set out the
requirements for farmers to: (1) apply as qualified employers of temporary guest
workers and (2) refrain from employing undocumented immigrants.  n140

   Courts have held that the IRCA created criminal liability for knowingly
hiring illegal immigrants, insofar as making it a misdemeanor.  n141 Yet, actual
[*649]  enforcement of the law against employing undocumented immigrants has
been marginal at best.  n142 Today, the guest worker program remains
controversial, with proposed legislation trickling in year after year to better
ensure that only legally authorized workers enter the country.  n143
Nonetheless, when employing migrant workers, vineyard owners should ensure
compliance with the H-2A worker visa program.  n144 Otherwise, owners may be
exposing themselves to potential fines and even criminal charges.  n145

IV. POTENTIAL LEGAL CLAIMS ARISING DUE TO RISKS AT THE VINEYARDS

A. Herbicide Drift Vulnerability

   With the development of more and more vineyards across the state, wine grape
growers find themselves in incredibly vulnerable positions when they are in
close proximity to other crops.  n146 Near the windy city of Lubbock, vineyards
sit surrounded by cotton farms, sometimes bordering in every direction.  n147
Even when pilot error is not to blame, herbicide drift can occur due to wind
drift.  n148 Especially in areas where weed-control herbicides, such as 2,4-D,
are commonly applied to every nearby cotton farm, applicators do not recognize
the vulnerability of vineyards due to drift or volatilization.  n149 Any
herbicides such as phenoxy or hormone typeherbicides "containing the active
ingredients 2,4-D, 2,4-DB, MCPA, MCPP, dicamba, picloram, clopyralid and
tricopyr" cause damage to vines.  n150 While these herbicides are quite
effective in controlling weeds, the potential damage to nearby vineyards can be
nothing short of devastating.  n151 Herbicides do the most damage to young
plants, and symptoms include loss of chlorophyll and a decrease or complete loss
of berries on the vine.  n152 The effects can linger for  [*650]  two to three
years until normal vine maturation resumes.  n153 Ironically, some of the above
herbicides do not even require an applicator license to apply.  n154

   The Texas Department of Agriculture investigates all claims of herbicide
spray, drift, or volatilization to vineyards.  n155 Applicators are expected to
apply herbicides only when wind speed is ten miles per hour or less.  n156
Unfortunately, many parts of Texas rarely see daytime weather conditions with
such low wind speeds, and as a result, applicators become impatient.  n157

   Commercial applicators--those doing business as pesticide applicators--must
not only carry a license, but also register with the Texas Department of
Agriculture.  n158 Further, before applying any regulated herbicide, applicators
must obtain a specific spray permit for that particular application.  n159

1. Potential Claims

   Vineyard owners would likely have a claim for damages against the applicator
as a result of any negligence in applying a damaging herbicide near the vines.
n160 The Texas Supreme Court has held that spray applicators are typically
independent contractors and not an agent of the farmer seeking their services.
n161 Nevertheless, later opinions have considered the exception to the rule for
inherently dangerous activities.  n162 Therefore, an action against the
neighboring farmer may prevail if the plaintiff asserts the inherently dangerous
exception.  n163

2. Damages

   The portion of the claim that may be the most difficult for a grower to prove
is damages.  n164 The measure of damages for lost crops due to pesticide spray
is the "market value less all expenses of cultivating and bringing the  [*651]
crops to market."  n165 The fact finder should consider the following factors
when assessing crop-loss damages: "1) the probable yield of the crop under
proper cultivation; 2) the value of the yield when it has matured and is ready
for sale; and 3) the expense of maturing, preparing, and placing the crop."
n166

   Following a suspected herbicide or pesticide spray, grape growers should
immediately contact the Texas Department of Agriculture to conduct an
investigation.  n167 Further, growers have the resource of regional experts
charged with the duty to support and assist area vineyards through the
Department.  n168 A grower truly affected by herbicide drift should utilize the
resources available to fully investigate the potential claim as well as
immediately contact an attorney.  n169

B. Pesticide Application Risks

   Likewise, grape growers must also ensure compliance with all pesticide use
rules and regulations.  n170 While typically many traditional crop farmers will
employ an outside applicator service, vineyard owners typically obtain their own
private applicator license and apply any pesticides themselves.  n171 This is
partially necessary due to the inapplicability of aerial spraying to the
vineyard (aerial applications are not believed to be effective for herbicide
use).  n172 The Texas Department of Agriculture places stringent requirements
for training and record-keeping on all licensed applicators in Texas.  n173
Grape growers must also ensure that all employees exit the vineyard area before
application and do not re-enter for the prescribed amount of time.  n174

While herbicide use at vineyards does not typically create the same risks of
drift as are present with aerial applicators, some risks must still be
considered.  n175 This is especially relevant when vineyards are situated close
to residential areas.  n176 Grape growers should ensure compliance in licensing
and record-keeping, as well as prohibited pesticide uses.  n177

    [*652]  V. SPECIALTY CROP: ARE WINE GRAPES REALLY SO SPECIAL?

A. Legislation: Specialty Crop Designation

   The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has defined wine grapes as
a specialty crop.  n178 In recent years, specialty crops have garnered attention
through the first-ever designation in the 2008 Farm Bill.  n179 Congress has
designated specific allotted amounts to specialty crops through the Specialty
Crop Block Grants distributed by each state's respective agricultural agencies.
n180 Specialty crop grants are available in Texas through application to the
Texas Department of Agriculture.  n181 Yet, many are critical of this program as
it is limited to selected growers who present a research or educational grant
application, whereas traditional crop commodities are dished out to producers.
n182 Specialty crops are ineligible for direct support to growers under
commodity crop subsidies.  n183

1. Go Texan and Other Promotional Legislation

   Nonetheless, the Texas Legislature has expressed a special interest in
promoting the Texas wine industry.  n184 The Texas Department of Agriculture
provides additional funding through the Texas Wine Marketing Assistance Program,
first established by the Texas Legislature in 2001 and later expanded through
the Wine Industry Development Fund in 2005.  n185 As discussed previously, the
Go Texan Wine program has proven to net results in the campaign for Texans to
buy Texas wine produced from Texas grapes.  n186 There is no requirement,
however, that a bottle of wine bearing the Go Texan label actually contain any
Texas fruit at all.  n187 Critics claim this is  [*653]  disingenuous and
misleading to the consumer because the only requirement is that the wine be
produced in Texas, even if it contains fruit from another state.  n188
Initially, the Texas grape growers had not joined in the fight to require a
certain percentage of Texas grapes to garner the distinction of "Go Texan."
n189 Likely, this apprehension stemmed from the reality of the blatant shortage
of Texas grapes in comparison to the demand from Texas wineries.  n190 And in
years like 2013, where late freezes eliminated ninety percent of the crop, such
a requirement would result in very few Go Texan designations--ultimately
diminishing the program's purpose of marketing and outreach.  n191

   Recently, however, Commissioner Staples of the Texas Department of
Agriculture proposed that at least seventy-five percent of wine must contain
Texas grapes in order to garner the distinction of the Go Texan mark.  n192 With
several potential modifications when needed, both wine makers and grape growers
throughout the state are satisfied with the proposed rule.  n193 In years like
2013, when the state experienced a severe shortage of wine grapes, winemakers
can petition for a reduction in the percentage requirement.  n194

   In addition, the Texas Legislature has provided a significant incentive for
wineries in certain "dry" areas to sell wine containing mostly Texas fruit.
n195 In order to operate a winery in an area not authorized for the sale of wine
by local election, a winery must distribute wine both bottled in Texas and
containing at least seventy-five percent fermented juice derived from grapes
grown within Texas.  n196 A winery may petition for an exception based on the
annual grape crush report, which is completed by the Texas Wine Marketing
Research Institute.  n197 Recently, the Texas Department of Agriculture admitted
it was unable to obtain a report due to budget cuts, and the percentage volume
required would remain unchanged.  n198

    [*654]  2. Constitutional Concerns

   In the past, Texas legislation encountered constitutional concerns due to
restrictions on the shipping and purchase of out-of-state wines.  n199 In
Dickerson v. Bailey, the Fifth Circuit affirmed a district court's decision that
a law that allowed Texas wineries to sell and ship within the state, but
restricted a Texas resident's ability to receive out-of-state winery shipments,
was unconstitutional under the Dormant Commerce Clause.  n200 The Fifth Circuit
noted that "[i]t is clear beyond peradventure, however, that the [Texas
Alcoholic Beverage Commission] permits in-state wineries to circumvent Texas's
three-tier system and both sell and ship directly to in-state consumers; and it
is equally clear that the statutes prevent out-of-state wineries from exercising
the same privileges."  n201 Consequently, the Fifth Circuit invalidated the law.
n202 The Texas Legislature has had better luck at focusing its interest on
funding in-state programs that provide research and promotional opportunities,
such as the Specialty Crop Block Grant Initiative and the Go Texan program.
n203

3. Recent Budget Cuts

   Unfortunately, budget cuts in recent years have limited the research
available concerning the Texas wine grape industry.  n204 As the Texas wine
industry continues to grow, hopefully the Texas Legislature will continue to
support funding that will aid in the industry's development.  n205 In addition,
wine grape growers have renewed hope that funding will improve for wine grape
research after the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill.  n206

    [*655]  B. Crop Insurance

   Crop insurance coverage for specialty crops lags behind the total revenue
derived from the specialty crop industry.  n207 Some specialty crops remain
entirely uninsurable.  n208 Many of the challenges facing specialty crops in
obtaining competitive insurance center on the smaller portion of the market and,
consequently, reduced incentives for insurers.  n209

   For Texas wine grape growers, one of the most challenging matters is
establishing revenue for crop insurance as an alternative to Actual Production
History (APH).  n210 Because Texas has not consistently produced an organized
exchange concerning the state's wine grape harvest, Texas grape growers are
forced to average APH or utilize the reports provided nationally--predominantly
from California.  n211 Many Texas grapes garner higher prices (sometimes two to
three times as much) than the established prices for the same variety out of
California.  n212 Yet, wine grapes are not even insurable until the fourth
growing season at the earliest.  n213 Consequently, growers often suffer in
years of losses because any insurance available is significantly less than the
expected revenue in Texas.  n214

   As discussed, the Texas Legislature charged the Texas Wine Marketing Research
Institute with the task of completing the Texas Grape Production and Demand
Report each year.  n215 Yet, because this organization operates on grants and
non-mandatory funding, the actual results of obtaining the report have been
marginal at best.  n216

   The lack of a recent Texas report was felt most severely in 2013 due to the
devastating losses to the wine grape industry as a result of late spring
freezes.  n217 The 2013 grape growing season was described as one of the worst
in history.  n218 Texas lost approximately ninety percent of its expected wine
[*656]  grape harvest due to repeated late spring freezes.  n219 As a result,
growers have expressed a renewed interest in ensuring that state revenue
averages and exchanges are maintained for insurance purposes.  n220

   Nonetheless, wine grape growers continue to feel the impact of their status
within the specialty crop industry.  n221 Lack of funding, subsidies, and
research for specialty crops will likely continue to present challenges and
limitations for the industry.  n222 Fortunately, some relief is in sight with
the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill.  n223

   VI. CHARGE TO THE TEXAS LEGISLATURE: GROW TEXAS WINE!

A. 2014 Farm Bill: Much Needed Funding for Wine Grapes

   In early 2014, President Obama signed into law the Agricultural Act of 2014,
commonly referred to as the Farm Bill.  n224 In prior years, the farm bills
provided only modest funding to specialty crops.  n225 A key component of the
2014 Farm Bill includes a sizable increase in funding to specialty crop
initiatives.  n226 Among the prominent beneficiaries, specialty crops gained the
highly coveted designation for permanent funding.  n227 Programs that will
benefit from the 2014 Farm Bill include the Specialty Crop Research Initiative
(SCRI), which will receive $ 80 million per year through 2018--a fifty-five
percent increase over funding allotted through the 2008 Farm Bill.  n228
Likewise, several other important areas that support wine grapes received a
boost from the Bill, including rural development programs, specialty crop
insurance support, and the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Development Program.
n229 The Texas Legislature should likewise increase its support and funding to
specialty crops.  n230 Here, in Texas, that means wine grapes.  n231

    [*657]  1. Specialty Crop Research Initiative

   Importantly, SCRI will not only receive mandatory funding, but will now have
its own permanent budget baseline--a key component it previously lacked.  n232
The purpose of the SCRI serves to "address the critical needs of the specialty
crop industry by awarding grants to support research and extension."  n233
Considering that Texas was unable to prepare an up-to-date grape harvest report
for the last several years, SCRI funding might provide needed assistance to the
Texas wine grape industry.  n234 These reports could significantly aid in
adequate crop insurance coverage and assist in contract negotiations between
vineyards and wineries.  n235 The Texas Legislature should likewise echo the
United States Legislature's focus on specialty crop research and initiatives.
n236 With funding both nationally and on the state level, the Texas wine grape
industry could begin to match the demand for Texas wine.  n237

2. Development of New Growers

   The American farmer's average age is over sixty years old, and the stark
shortage of young farmers is quickly becoming a concern.  n238 In Texas, the
wine industry has exploded in recent years.  n239 Yet, the wine grape growing
industry has simply not kept pace with the growth of new wineries and Texas
wine.  n240 Wine grape growing holds a unique draw to young farmers--including
the next generation of family farmers--and provides a fresh outlook on
opportunities in Texas.  n241 The 2014 Farm Bill will provide $ 18 million
across the nation to develop and educate young, beginner farmers.  n242

   As outlined in Part III, wine grape growing is a capital-intensive venture.
n243 Any support that could be offered to a new grower--especially a young
grower--could assist in offsetting the significant expense and upfront  [*658]
costs.  n244 A focus on increased specialty crop grants could aid in expansion
of the number of vineyard acres presently developed in Texas.  n245 Ultimately,
the Texas wine industry can only grow as much as Texas wine grapes can support,
or alternatively and unfortunately, most wine produced in Texas could continue
to contain grapes from other states.  n246

   In addition, the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program holds "historic" funding
funneled directly through each state's department of agriculture.  n247
Specifically, the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) seeks to "enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops."  n248 In 2014, the Texas Department of
Agriculture awarded three grants to applicants within the wine grape growing
industry.  n249 As the funds from the 2014 Farm Bill arrive, the Texas
Department of Agriculture will have increasing opportunity to support vineyards.
n250 The Texas Legislature should direct the Texas Department of Agriculture to
continue to increase its support of Texas wine grapes and look to fill any gaps
that the specialty crop grants from the Farm Bill cannot cover.  n251

3. Other Benefits

   In addition, the 2014 Farm Bill will also support various programs that will
benefit the wine grape industry either directly or indirectly:

     . Funding for the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
     Plant Pest and Disease Program;
     . Funding for the Market Access Program, providing support to
     marketing efforts to export wine;
     . Enhanced funding for trade assistance and market promotion tools
     that grow international markets for specialty crops;
     . Integrity maintenance for fruit and vegetable farmers who are unable
     to receive subsidies by restricting farmers who do receive subsidies
     from planting specialty crops;
     . Additional crop insurance safeguards for specialty crops through
     requiring insurers to consult with representatives of the commodity to
     determine any potential market distortions.  n252

    [*659]  B. Crushing the Competition: Why the Texas Legislature Should
Mandate an Annual Grape Crush Report

   A consistent grape crush report--conducted annually--could elevate the Texas
wine grape growing industry to a "Texas-sized" position in the United States
grape growing industry. Currently, California provides a consistent and thorough
grape crush report on an annual basis; no other state even attempts to collect
such vital information.  n253 Other crops have consistent data and information
to support their industry in contracting and insurance needs, such as cotton and
corn.  n254 While it is true that cotton and corn occupy a much more prominent
position in the world and United States exchange markets, a Texas wine grape
crush report would likely require a much less extensive budget and time
commitment given the significantly smaller number of acres at stake.  n255 The
future benefits and potential economic stimulation to the Texas wine grape
industry could be exponentially greater than any required funding tied up to
complete the report. Ultimately, a crush report could be the key to elevating
the Texas wine and grape growing industry to its potential status as a national
leader.  n256 While the 2014 Farm Bill could aid in making a grape crush report
a permanent fixture in Texas, lawmakers should enact a legislative mandate for
the measure to ensure that it is carried to completion each year.  n257

   Further, the Texas Legislature is currently considering the expansion of
direct-to-consumer sales for in-state wineries.  n258 Presently, Texas wineries
are limited to sales of 35,000 gallons directly out of their tasting rooms.
n259 But Senate Bill 326 would expand that amount to 155,000 gallons--an
enormous increase.  n260 The Senate voted in favor of the bill, sending it to
the House in early May 2015.  n261 So long as the House confirms Bill 326,
[*660]  Texas wineries would be positioned to expand sales--preferably denoting
the Go Texan label and containing at least seventy-five percent Texas grapes.
n262

   VII. CONCLUSION

   Texas provides a wide-open horizon for traditional crop growers to embark on
a new adventure in the wine grape industry.  n263 While limited in scope, this
Article highlights the legal and legislative issues impacting the wine grape
growing industry in Texas.  n264 Additional issues could certainly arise
pertaining to a variety of topics.  n265 Practitioners should pay close
attention to contract issues as well as business concerns regarding taxation and
employment.  n266 Likewise, practitioners should stay keenly aware of
legislative updates and developments concerning the industry, regulations, and
insurance.  n267 Practitioners who work regularly with vineyards and wineries
should consider seeking information from state organizations, such as the Texas
Wine and Grape Growers Association, to stay up to date on new developments.
n268

   With Farm Bill incentives, Texas wine is likely to continue its ascension to
a place of higher prominence among Texas crops in general.  n269 The Texas
Legislature certainly holds the key to unlocking the potential benefits that the
2014 Farm Bill holds for the Texas wine grape growing industry.  n270 If
consistent grape crush reports are provided, the Texas wine industry is likely
to continue to receive added benefits from government funding, such as improved
access to crop insurance and enhanced contracting leverage.  n271 With permanent
funding now available, the Texas Department of Agriculture could develop and
maintain programs to research and assist new growers and vineyards in sustaining
the increasing demand for Texas grapes.  n272 As long as the legislature answers
the call to grow Texas vineyards, wine grape growers will one day meet the
increasing thirst for Texan wine.  n273

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Tax LawFederal Income Tax ComputationDeductions for Amortization, Depletion &
DepreciationAmortization, Cost Recovery & Depreciation (IRC secs. 167-169, 171,
178, 194-195, 197, 216, 248, 280F)Organizational, Reforestation & Start-Up
ExpendituresTax LawFederal Income Tax ComputationTax AccountingAccrual Method
(IRC secs. 446, 447, 451, 461, 467)General OverviewTax LawState & Local
TaxesSales TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  See Ron Saikowski, With Grape Demand Up, Texas Vineyards Are Expanding, YOUR
HOUS. NEWS (May 2, 2012, 4:00 AM),
http://www.yourhoustonnews.com/greater_houston/entertainment/with-grape-demand-u
p-texas-vineyards-are-expanding/article_da0e5ed9-d9fe-58f8-b013-55c38ffb508a.htm
l.





n2  See Winegrowing Regions of Texas: Texas High Plains, TEX. WINEGRAPE NETWORK,
http://txwineregions.tamu.edu/highplains.htm (last visited Apr. 14, 2015);
Winegrowing Regions of Texas: Texas Hill Country, TEX. WINEGRAPE NETWORK,
http://txwineregions.tamu.edu/hillcountry.htm (last visited Apr. 14, 2015)
(noting that the Texas Hill Country AVA is the second largest in the nation, and
the Texas High Plains AVA is the third largest in the nation).





n3  See Saikowski, supra note 1 (noting that Texas wineries have looked to
California to keep up with the demand for wine grapes).





n4  See infra Part II.





n5  See infra Part VI.





n6  See infra Part II.





n7  See infra Part VI.





n8  See infra Parts IV, VI.





n9  See infra Part III.





n10  See infra Part II.





n11  See Tex. Dep't of Agric., Texas Wine: Vintage Texan, GO TEXAN,
http://www.gotexan.org/ExperienceGOTEXAN/TexasWine.aspx (last visited Apr. 14,
2015) [hereinafter Texas Wine: Vintage Texan]. Recently, the Texas Department of
Agriculture changed the slogan and promotional products for Texas wine from
"Toast a Rising Star," adopted in 2003, to "Vintage Texan." Id.





n12  See infra Part IV.





n13  See infra Part VI.





n14  See infra Part VI.





n15  See Tex. Dep't of Agric., The History of Texas Wines, GO TEXAN,
http://www.gotexanwine.org/historyPop.html (last visited Apr. 14, 2015)
[hereinafter The History of Texas Wines].





n16  See id.





n17  See id.





n18  Id.





n19  Id.





n20  Id.





n21  See Donald A. Hodgen, U.S. Wine Industry--2008, INT'L TRADE ADMIN. 8 (June
20, 2008), available at http://www.trade.gov/td/ocg/wine2008.pdf.





n22  Texas Falls to Sixth Place in the Number of Wineries According to
WineBusiness.com, VINTAGE TEX. WINE & BEYOND (Jan. 20, 2010, 7:21 PM),
http://vintagetexas.com/blog/?p=1374.





n23  Texas Wine Industry Facts, TEX. WINE & GRAPE GROWERS ASS'N,
http://www.txwines.org/texas-wine-industry-facts/ (last visited Apr. 14, 2015).





n24  See Saikowski, supra note 1.





n25  See Greg Forest, Wineries: Something to Wine About, HEART BEAT TEX. HILL
COUNTRY, http://texasheartbeat.com/winery-backup/ (last visited Apr. 14, 2015).





n26  See Texas Wine Industry Facts, supra note 23.





n27  See General Information About the U.S. Wine Industry, WINEGRAPE GROWERS AM.
3,
http://www.winegrapegrowersofamerica.org/files/documents/Wine_Industry_Fact_Shee
t_final.pdf (last visited Apr. 14, 2015). Texas falls behind California. Id.





n28  See id.





n29  See id. From 2006 to 2007, the top ten wine-producing states were
California, New York, Washington, Oregon, New Jersey, Florida, Kentucky,
Michigan, Ohio, and Missouri. See id. California produces almost 90% of all U.S.
wine. See id.





n30  Henri Brickey, High Plains Growers Take Cotton to Wine Grapes, LUBBOCK
AVALANCHE-J. (Sept. 6, 2008),
http://www.lubbockonline.com/stories/090608/loc_329101758.shtml.





n31  Id.





n32  Id.





n33  Wes Marshall, Grape Supply Dilemma: Should Texas Wineries Pay Higher Local
Prices or Buy from California?, WINES & VINES, June 2008,
http://www.winesandvines.com/template.cfm?section=features&content=55861;
Saikowski, supra note 1.





n34  See Marshall, supra note 33; Saikowski, supra note 1.





n35  See Marshall, supra note 33; Saikowski, supra note 1.





n36  See infra Part VI.





n37  See Tex. H.B. 2719, 76th Leg., R.S. (1999). Enacted in 1999, the bill
creating the Go Texan program assigned rule-making authority and the duty of
administering the program to the Texas Department of Agriculture. Id.; see also
Texas Wine: Vintage Texan, supra note 11 (demonstrating one result of the
legislation).





n38  See infra Part VI.





n39  See, e.g., Tex. H.B. 2719 (providing important legislation enacted within
the last sixteen years involving the wine industry).





n40  House Comm. on Licensing & Admin. Procedures, Bill Analysis, Tex. H.B. 892,
77th Leg., R.S. (2001).





n41  See Tex. H.B. 2719; see also Texas Wine: Vintage Texan, supra note 11
(demonstrating a result of the legislation).





n42  See Tex. H.B. 2719.





n43  See Texas Wine: Vintage Texan, supra note 11.





n44  See id.





n45  See Tex. H.B. 892, 77th Leg., R.S. (2001). Although early analysis
recommended placing the administration of the Wine Marketing Assistance Program
with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission (TABC), The Texas Department of
Agriculture was tasked with the primary responsibility for carrying out the
Bill's initiatives was tasked to the Texas Department of Agriculture. See House
Comm. on Licensing & Admin. Procedures, Bill Analysis, Tex. H.B. 892, 77th Leg.,
R.S. (2001).





n46  See Strategic Plan: Fiscal Years 2011-2015, TEX. DEPARTMENT AGRIC. 26, 31
(July 2, 2010), available at
https://www.texasagriculture.gov/Portals/0/Publications/FIN/TDA_STRATEGIC_PLAN11
.pdf.





n47  See id.; Tex. S.B. 1370, 79th Leg., R.S. (2005).





n48  See Roger D. Hanagriff et al., State Funded Marketing and Promotional
Activities to Support a State's Winery Business; Are There Economic Returns?: A
Case Study Using Texas Senate Bill 1370's Support of the Texas Wine Industry 1
(Am. Ass'n of Wine Economists, Working Paper No. 27, 2008), available at
www.wine-economics.org/workingpapers/AAWE_WP27.pdf; Saikowski, supra note 1.





n49  See infra Part VI.





n50  See infra Part III.





n51  See Lonnie R. Beard & Pati L. Hoffmann, Selected Tax Issues Arising During
the Development Stage of Orchards, Groves, and Vineyards, 38 ARK. L. REV. 73, 73
(1984).





n52  See id. at 74.





n53  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, IRS (Mar. 2011),
http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/The-Wine-Industry
-Audit-Technique-Guide.





n54  Id.





n55  Id.





n56  See Beard & Hoffmann, supra note 51, at 74.





n57  See Treas. Reg. § 1.263(a)-4(b)(1)(i) (2014).





n58  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n59  See 26 U.S.C. § 263A (2012).





n60  See id.; The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53. Growers
may validly elect out of § 263A, but treatment of this election is one of the
most common errors in properly accounting for depreciable and capitalized
expenses. See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n61  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n62  See, e.g., The History of Texas Wines, supra note 15 (demonstrating how the
grape growing industry continues to expand in Texas).





n63  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n64  See id.





n65  See Subsurface Drip Irrigation (SDI), TORO (Sept. 19, 2013),
http://driptips.toro.com/subsurface-drip-irrigation-sdi/.





n66  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n67  Trentadue v. Comm'r, 128 T.C. 91, 92 (2007).





n68  Id. at 99.





n69  See id. at 99-103 (alterations in original) (quoting Whiteco Indus., Inc.
v. Comm'r, 65 T.C. 664 (1975)) (internal quotation marks omitted).





n70  Id. at 104-08.





n71  Id.





n72  Id. at 107.





n73  Id.





n74  Roger McEowen, Two Rulings of Importance to the Wine Industry, IOWA ST. U.
(Nov. 20, 2006),
http://www.extension.iastate.edu/wine/two-rulings-importance-wine-industry.





n75  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n76  See id.





n77  See id.





n78  Oakcross Vineyards, Ltd. v. Comm'r, No. 97-70241, 1998 WL 152742, at *1
(9th Cir. Apr. 2, 1998).





n79  Id.





n80  Id.





n81  Id. at *2. The appellate court only reviews whether the tax court's
decision was clearly erroneous. See id.





n82  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n83  See id.





n84  Id.





n85  Id.





n86  See Treas. Reg. § 1.263(a)-4(a) (2014).





n87  See The Wine Industry Audit Technique Guide, supra note 53.





n88  See, e.g., Cary Blake, 8 Keys to a Better Wine Grape Grower Contract, W.
FARM PRESS (May 22, 2013), http://westernfarmpress.com/orchard-crops/
8-keys-better-wine-grape-grower-contract (demonstrating the intricacies of a
better wine grape grower contract).





n89  Rachael E. Goodhue et al., Contract Use Widespread in Wine Grape Industry,
56 CAL. AGRIC. 97, 97 (2002).





n90  Id. at 98.





n91  See Blake, supra note 88.





n92  See id.





n93  See id.





n94  Id.





n95  Id.





n96  Id.





n97  See id.





n98  See, e.g., Farmers ATG-Chapter 5-Cotton, IRS,
http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Farmers-ATG-Chapt
er-Five-Cotton-1 (last updated Apr. 8, 2015) (demonstrating the availability of
co-op resources for farmers).





n99  Id.





n100  See Paul Franson, Win-Win Grape Contracts: How Growers Can Negotiate
Long-Term Relationships, WINES & VINES 1, July 2009,
http://wawgg.org/files/documents/2009_Article_courtesy_of _Wines.pdf.





n101  See id.





n102  See Blake, supra note 88; Franson, supra note 100, at 1-2.





n103  See Franson, supra note 100, at 1-2; Marshall, supra note 33 (describing
typical Texas grape contracts that utilize fixed tonnage pricing).





n104  Marshall, supra note 33.





n105  Id.





n106  Id.





n107  See Franson, supra note 100, at 1-2.





n108  See id. at 1; Nat'l Agric. Statistics Serv., Grape Crush Report, Final
2014 Crop, USDA (2014),
http://www.nass.usda.gov/Statistics_by_State/California/Publications/Grape_Crush
/Final/2014/201403gcbnarr.pdf.





n109  See Marshall, supra note 33.





n110  See Goodhue et al., supra note 89, at 101.





n111  Blake, supra note 88.





n112  Id.





n113  See Goodhue et al., supra note 89, at 99.





n114  Id. at 101.





n115  Id. at 100.





n116  Id. at 101-02.





n117  Id. at 101.





n118  Blake, supra note 88.





n119  See Marshall, supra note 33 (demonstrating the prevalence of set tonnage
pricing).





n120  Blake, supra note 88.





n121  See Grape Purchase Agreement, NAPA VALLEY GRAPEGROWERS 2,
http://napagrowers.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/Example_GrapeContract.pdf
(last visited Apr. 14, 2015).





n122  See supra notes 120-21.





n123  See Grape Purchase Agreement, supra note 121, at 9-10.





n124  See id.





n125  Id.





n126  Id.





n127  See id. at 4.





n128  See id.





n129  See id. at 8.





n130  See id.





n131  See id.





n132  See supra Part III.C.





n133  See supra Part III.C.





n134  See Scott James, Aware of Its Dependence, Napa Takes Care of Migrant
Workers, N.Y. TIMES, May 26, 2011,
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/27/us/27bcjames.html?_r=0.





n135  See id.





n136  Id.





n137  See Eric Hansen & Martin Donohoe, Health Issues of Migrant and Seasonal
Farmworkers, 14 J. HEALTH CARE POOR & UNDERSERVED 153, 154 (2003).





n138  See Econ. Research Serv., Background, USDA,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/farm-labor/background.aspx (last
updated Oct. 30, 2014).





n139  See 8 U.S.C. § 1324 (2012).





n140  See id. § 1324(a); Immigration Reform & Control Act of 1986, Pub. L. No.
99-603, 100 Stat. 3359; Rain Levy Minns, Note, Registry Systems for Foreign and
Domestic Farmworkers in the United States: Theory vs. Reality, 15 GEO. IMMIGR.
L.J. 663, 664 (2001).





n141  See United States v. Moreno-Duque, 718 F. Supp. 254, 259 (D. Vt. 1989)
(determining that a violation of "§ 1324(a)(1)(B) requires proof that the
purpose of the transportation was to further the violation of law" and must be
strictly construed as a penal law); Rosa v. Partners in Progress, Inc., 868 A.2d
994, 997 (N.H. 2005) (noting that employers who knowingly hire unauthorized
aliens may be subject to civil fines or criminal prosecution).





n142  See Minns, supra note 140, at 664.





n143  See ANDORRA BRUNO, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL 32044, IMMIGRATION: POLICY
CONSIDERATIONS RELATED TO GUEST WORKER PROGRAMS 1, 9-10 (2010), available at
http://assets.opencrs.com/rpts/RL32044_20100316.pdf.





n144  See 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a).





n145  See id.





n146  See Use Care When Applying Herbicides Near Grapes, TEX. DEPARTMENT AGRIC.,
https://texasagriculture.gov/RegulatoryPrograms/Pesticides/UseCareWhenApplyingHe
rbicidesNearGrapes.aspx (last visited Apr. 20, 2015).





n147  See, e.g., Brickey, supra note 30 (discussing the prevalence of cotton
fields in Lubbock, Texas).





n148  Use Care When Applying Herbicides Near Grapes, supra note 146.





n149  See id.





n150  Id.; 4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.30(a)(2) (2014).





n151  See Use Care When Applying Herbicides Near Grapes, supra note 146.





n152  See id.





n153  Id.





n154  Id.





n155  See id.





n156  4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.50 (2014).





n157  See, e.g., Average Weather for Lubbock, Texas, USA, WEATHERSPARK,
https://weatherspark.com/averages/30700/Lubbock-Texas-United-States (last
visited Apr. 20, 2015) (showing data that Lubbock's average daily wind speed
ranges from nine to fourteen miles per hour and reaches speeds of up to thirty
miles per hour).





n158  4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.27 (2014).





n159  4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.50.





n160  See Pitchfork Land & Cattle Co. v. King, 346 S.W.2d 598, 604 (Tex. 1961).





n161  See id.





n162  See Foust v. Estate of Walters ex rel. Walters, 21 S.W.3d 495, 507 (Tex.
App.--San Antonio 2000, pet. denied).





n163  See id.





n164  See id.





n165  Id. at 505.





n166  Id. (citing Int'l & G.N.R. Co. v. Pape, 11 S.W. 526, 527 (Tex. 1889)).





n167  Use Care When Applying Herbicides Near Grapes, supra note 146.





n168  See id.





n169  See id.





n170  See 4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.32 (2014).





n171  See Jason Deveau, Six Elements of Effective Spraying in Orchards and
Vineyards, ONT.: MINISTRY AGRIC., FOOD & RURAL AFF. (July 2009),
http://www.omafra.gov.on.ca/english/crops/facts/09-039.htm#equip.





n172  See id.





n173  4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.32 (requiring the applicator to keep a record of
any applications of restricted-use pesticides, state-limited-use pesticides, or
regulated herbicide).





n174  4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE § 7.38 (2014).





n175  See Deveau, supra note 171.





n176  See, e.g., id. (discussing the consequences of drift when applying
herbicides, which could have a negative impact on residential areas).





n177  See 4 TEX. ADMIN. CODE §§ 7.32, 7.38.





n178  See Agric. Mktg. Serv., Definition of Specialty Crops, USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/scbgpdefinitions (last modified Feb. 17, 2015).





n179  See Keith Collins, Crop Insurance & Specialty Crops, TODAY CROP INS., Aug.
2012, http://www.cropinsuranceinamerica.org/wp-content/uploads/Specialty-Crops
-FINAL.pdf (noting that, for the first time, the 2008 Farm Bill provided
specialty crops their own title).





n180  See Emily Broad Leib, The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform: Using Food
and Agricultural Law to Foster Healthy Food Production, 9 J. FOOD L. & POL'Y 17,
41 (2013).





n181  See Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, TEX. DEPARTMENT AGRIC.,
https://texasagriculture.gov/Home/ProductionAgriculture/SpecialtyCropBlockGrantP
rogram.aspx (last visited Apr. 20, 2015).





n182  Leib, supra note 180 (comparing $ 55 million in subsidies through
Specialty Crop Block Grant programs to the $ 4.9 billion provided through total
farm subsidies in 2011).





n183  See JEAN M. RAWSON, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL 33520, SPECIALTY CROPS: 2007
FARM BILL ISSUES 3 (2007), available at
http://www.farmlandinfo.org/sites/default/files/Specialty_Crops_1.pdf.





n184  See TEX. SENATE RES. CTR., THE HEALTH OF THE TEXAS WINE AND GRAPE INDUSTRY
1, 2 (July 2006), available at
http://www.senate.state.tx.us/SRC/pdf/SL-TexasWine-web.pdf.





n185  See id.





n186  See Hanagriff et al., supra note 48, at 5-8.





n187  Andrew Chalk, Stop the Presses! The Texas Department of Agriculture Wants
Your Opinion On Making 'Go Texan' On Wine Mean 100% Texas Grapes, CRAVEDFW (Nov.
22, 2013, 1:31 PM), http://
cravedfw.com/2013/11/22/stop-the-presses-the-texas-department-of-agriculture-wan
ts-your-opinion-on-making-go-texan-on-wine-mean-100-texas-grapes/.





n188  See id.





n189  Interview with Steve Newsom, President, High Plains Wine Growers 2014, in
Tex. High Plains AVA (on file with author).





n190  See Saikowski, supra note 1.





n191  See supra notes 184-86 and accompanying text.





n192  See Notice Regarding Percentage Volume of Texas Grapes Required by Texas
Alcoholic Beverage Code, Section 16.011, GO TEXAN (Dec. 16, 2014),
http://gotexan.org/Portals/1/doc/pdf/TDA_Wine%20Notice.pdf [hereinafter Notice
Regarding Percentage of Texas Grapes 2014].





n193  Interview with Steve Newsom, supra note 189.





n194  See Notice Regarding Percentage of Texas Grapes 2014, supra note 192.





n195  TEX. ALCO. BEV. CODE ANN. § 16.011 (West 2007).





n196  See id.





n197  See TEX. AGRIC. CODE ANN. § 12.039 (West Supp. 2014).





n198  See Notice Regarding Percentage Volume of Texas Grapes Required by Texas
Alcoholic Beverage Code, Section 16.011, GO TEXAN (Dec. 19, 2012),
http://gotexan.org/Portals/1/doc/pdf/publications/TABC%20Code%20Change.pdf
[hereinafter Notice Regarding Percentage of Texas Grapes 2012].





n199  See TEX. ALCO. BEV. CODE ANN. § 107.07 (West 2007 & Supp. 2014).





n200  Dickerson v. Bailey, 336 F.3d 388, 410 (5th Cir. 2003).





n201  Id. at 398.





n202  Id. at 410. "[T]he Texas legislature amended the TABC in response to the
recent explosion in domestic wine production and consumption in the United
States--blatantly promoting the economic interests of in-state wineries at the
expense of out-of-state wineries." Id. at 399.





n203  See Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, supra note 181.





n204  Notice Regarding Percentage of Texas Grapes 2012, supra note 198. "Due to
state budget cuts, the department did not receive the Texas Grape Production and
Demand Report from the Texas Wine Marketing Research Institute (TWMRI), as
provided for in Section 12.039." Id.





n205  See infra Part VI.





n206  See infra Part VI.A.





n207  See Collins, supra note 179, at 36-37 (noting that the total revenue for
specialty crops is 22.9% of the entire agriculture industry, while premiums for
specialty crop insurance only account for 4.9% of all crop insurance).





n208  See id. at 38-39.





n209  See id. at 39-40.





n210  See id. at 40.





n211  See id.





n212  See supra Part III.C.2.





n213  Stephen Yafa, Choosing Crop Insurance: Wild 2010 Growing Season Underlines
the Benefits of Coverage, WINES & VINES, Jan. 2011,
http://www.winesandvines.com/template.cfm?section=features&content=82326.





n214  See supra notes 159-64 and accompanying text.





n215  See TEX. AGRIC. CODE ANN. § 12.039 (West Supp. 2014).





n216  See id. "[T]he Texas Wine Marketing Research Institute or other qualified
entity shall submit a report to the commissioner. The report must: (1) include:
[several requirements]; or (2) state that funding was not available to complete
the study . . . ." Id. § 12.039(b).





n217  Jessica Dupuy, Texas's Dismal 2013 Grape Harvest, TEX. MONTHLY, Sept. 3,
2013, http://www.texasmonthly.com/story/texas's-dismal-2013-grape-harvest.





n218  Id.





n219  Id. at 1-2.





n220  Interview with Steve Newsom, supra note 189.





n221  See supra Part V.





n222  See supra Part V.





n223  See infra Part VI.A.





n224  See Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649.





n225  See Andrew Adams, Congress Approves Farm Bill: Funding Increases 55% for
Specialty Crop Programs Including Wine Grapes, WINES & VINES, Feb. 2014,
http://www.winesandvines.com/template.cfm?section=news&content=127667.





n226  See id.





n227  See generally 128 Stat. 649 (designating specialty crops permanent
funding).






n228  Adams, supra note 225.





n229  See 2014 Farm Bill Highlights, USDA 1-2 (Mar. 2014),
http://www.usda.gov/documents/usda-2014-farm-bill-highlights.pdf.





n230  See infra Part VI.A.1.





n231  See supra Part V.A.





n232  See Adams, supra note 225.





n233  See Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., Specialty Crop Research Initiative
(SCRI), USDA, http://www.csrees.usda.gov/fo/specialtycropresearchinitiative.cfm
(last visited Apr. 20, 2015).





n234  See infra Part VI.B.





n235  See supra Parts III.C, V.B.





n236  See supra Part V.





n237  See supra Part II.





n238  Title by Title Summary of 2014 Farm Bill, U.S. SENATE COMMITTEE ON AGRIC.
NUTRITION & FORESTRY 9, available at http://www.ag.senate.gov/issues/farm-bill
(last visited Apr. 20, 2015).





n239  See supra Part II.





n240  See supra Part II.





n241  See Cotton Farmers to Grape Growers, EVERYTHINGLUBBOCK.COM (July 9, 2012,
5:57 PM),
http://www.everythinglubbock.com/story/cotton-farmers-to-grape-growers/d/story/o
IK9toj3lEmI6ClXDmI7EQ.





n242  See Mary Kuhlman, USDA Program Can Help Grow Next Generation of Indiana
Farmers, PUB. NEWS SERVICE (Jan. 30, 2015),
http://www.publicnewsservice.org/2015-01-30/budget-policy-and-priorities/usda-
program-can-help-grow-next-generation-of-indiana-farmers/a44277-1.





n243  See supra Part III.





n244  See supra Part III.





n245  See supra Part VI.A.1.





n246  See supra Parts II, V.A.1.





n247  See USDA Announces Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Historic Farm Bill
Support Available Through State Departments of Agriculture, USDA (Apr. 17,
2014),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2014/04/0064.xml&navid=FA
RM_BILL_NEWSRT&navtype=RT&parentnav=FARMBILL2008&edeployment_action=retrievecont
ent.





n248  See id.





n249  See 2014 Selected Projects, USDA, available at
https://texasagriculture.gov/Home/ProductionAgriculture/SpecialtyCropBlockGrantP
rogram.aspx (last visited Apr. 20, 2015).





n250  See supra Part VI.A.





n251  See supra Parts V, VI.A.





n252  See Farm Bill Advances to President for Signature, WINE INST. (Feb. 4,
2014), http://wine institute.org/resources/pressroom/02042014; Specialty Crop
Farm Bill Alliance, 2014 Farm Bill Summary, ILL. FARM BUREAU,
http://www.ilfb.org/media/2025159/2014_farm_bill_summaryfinal-1-.pdf (last
visited Apr. 20, 2015); Title by Title Summary of 2014 Farm Bill, supra note
238, at 15-17.





n253  See Nat'l Agric. Statistics Serv., supra note 108.





n254  See, e.g., Corn Futures Quotes, CME GROUP,
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/ grain-and-oilseed/corn.html (last
visited Apr. 20, 2015); Cotton Futures Quotes, CME GROUP,
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/softs/cotton.html (last visited
Apr. 20, 2015) (demonstrating two crops with consistent data to support their
respective industries).





n255  See supra Part II.





n256  See supra Part II (discussing the availability of viticulture acreage in
Texas compared to the current development of Texas vineyards).





n257  See supra Part VI.A.





n258  See Tex. Legislature Online, Senate Bill 326 History,
http://www.capitol.state.tx.us/BillLookup/History.aspx?LegSess=84R&Bill=SB326#vo
te111 (last visited May 31, 2015) [hereinafter Senate Bill 326 History].





n259  See Tex. Legislature Online, History, S.B. 326 Senate Committee Report,
http://www.capitol. state.tx.us/tlodocs/84R/billtext/pdf/SB00326S.pdf#navpanes=0
(last visited May 31, 2015).





n260  See id.





n261  See Senate Bill 326 History, supra note 258.





n262  See supra Part V.





n263  See supra Part II.





n264  See supra Parts III-V.





n265  See supra Part IV.





n266  See supra Part III.





n267  See supra Part V.





n268  See, e.g., TEX. FARM BUREAU, http://texasfarmbureau.org (last visited Apr.
20, 2015); TEX. WINE & GRAPE GROWERS ASS'N, www.txwines.org (last visited Apr.
20, 2015); TEX. WINE MARKETING RES. INST.,
http://www.depts.ttu.edu/hs/texaswine/ (last visited Apr. 20, 2015)
(Practitioners and potential wine grape growers may find the preceding resources
helpful.); TEX. WINEGRAPE NETWORK, http://winegrapes.tamu.edu (last visited Apr.
20, 2015); Texas Wine: Vintage Texan, supra note 11.





n269  See supra Part VI.





n270  See supra Part VI.





n271  See supra Part VI.B.





n272  See supra Part VI.





n273  See supra Part VI.


                               2 of 814 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2015 Drake Journal of Agricultural Law
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 2015

                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                            20 Drake J. Agric. L. 1

LENGTH: 10755 words

ARTICLE: AMERICAN AGRICULTURAL LAW ASSOCIATION
 OCT. 19-21, 2014, ALBUQUERQUE, NM

   SUPPORT FOR LOCAL FOOD IN THE 2014 FARM BILL

NAME: Marne Coit +

BIO: + Marne Coit is a founding partner of Greenfield Legal Services LLC, where
she specializes in food and agricultural law and policy. Ms. Coit is also an
adjunct professor at Marylhurst University, where she teaches food law & policy.
She holds a J.D. and Masters in Environmental Law from Vermont Law School and an
LL.M. in Agricultural and Food Law from the University of Arkansas School of
Law, and has been admitted to the Vermont and Arkansas Bars. She is the author
of Jumping on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and Legal Aspects of
the Local Food Movement, 4 (1) Journal of Food Law & Policy 45-70 (Spring 2008),
the first published legal article specifically on local food.

TEXT:
 [*2]

   I. Introduction

 I have been following the intersection of legal issues and the local food
movement since its inception. In 2008, I published an article entitled "Jumping
on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and Legal Aspects of the Local
Food Movement." n1 That article was the first to be published in a legal journal
that was specifically in regards to the applicable laws and policies on local
food. At that point, the local food movement was a grass roots movement in its
infancy. This is particularly true with regards to the legal framework for local
food systems. The purpose of this Article is to demonstrate how far local foods
have progressed - from a movement, to a viable sector of the agricultural
economy in its own right.

   There has been a shift in local foods from grassroots movement to the next
level, where it has become more established in the mainstream. The legal
framework has also continued to develop, and there are certainly more laws and
policies specifically crafted with local food systems in mind than there were
even six years ago. In addition, local food systems have enjoyed increasing
support in terms of government programs and funding in recent years, and this
trend continues to grow. I think it is important to consider this support as a
show of how established local food has become. The most notable area to find
information on these programs and funding is the 2014 Farm Bill, which is why I
chose to focus on this area for this presentation and article. I have also
included a short section on other federal programs that support local food, that
are found outside of the Farm Bill, followed by the upcoming trends for local
food.

   II. What is Local Food?

 Right now, there is no one set legal definition of the term "local food." So,
what does it mean? The answer depends on who is defining the term, and in what
context it is being used. Because local food is not legally defined, businesses,
non-profits, universities, and other organizations may define the term in
whatever way they choose. This section will explore some of the common meanings,
and provide some examples. Looking at the history and context of what this term
means can provide insight into how it has evolved, and much momentum and
interest it has gained, over the past ten years.

   To start, the first federal definition of "local food" was provided by the
federal government in the text of the 2008 Farm Bill. n2 Under Title VI, the
Rural Development title, the Business and Industry (B&I) loan and loan guarantee
[*3]  program was amended to include a provision that stipulated five percent of
the funds must be used to support local food production. n3 For the purposes of
this loan program, the definition of locally or regionally produced agricultural
food product means:



   any agricultural food product that is raised, produced, and distributed in
the locality or region in which the final product is marketed, so that the total
distance that the product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin
of the product or the State in which the product is produced. n4

 It is important to note that this definition applies only within the context of
this particular loan program, and is not legally binding in other settings. This
is significant, as it is the first instance the federal government created a
statutory definition pertaining to local foods.

   Some states have also passed laws in regards to local food. Not surprisingly,
these laws typically define local food as products coming from within that
particular state. For example, Illinois passed the Local Food, Farms, and Jobs
Act, which went into effect in August of 2009. n5 The overall goal of this law
is to strengthen local food systems within the state of Illinois. n6 The
significant parts of this legislation are the creation of the Illinois Local
Food, Farms, and Jobs Council, and local food production targets for state
agencies and state-funded institutions of twenty percent and ten percent,
respectively, by 2020. n7 For the purposes of this legislation, it is clearly
stated that "local farm or food products are products grown, processed,
packaged, and distributed by Illinois citizens or businesses located wholly
within the borders of Illinois." n8

   An example of how an educational institution has defined the term is Emory
University, a private university located in Atlanta, Georgia. Under their
self-created guidelines, the school has set out to have seventy-five percent of
the food in its hospitals and cafeterias be locally or sustainably grown by
2015. n9 Emory University has adopted the position that, "sustainably grown food
supports environmental health, worker welfare and wages, and farm viability, as
well as taste and nutrition." n10 For these purposes, the geographic boundary
for local food to qualify as local is divided into a two-tiered system. n11 The
first tier  [*4]  represents the highest priority purchasing area, which is from
within the state of Georgia. n12 The second tier represents the second priority
purchasing area, which is from an eight-state region, which includes Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Tennessee. n13

   Walmart provides an example of how a private business has defined local food.
In 2010, the company committed to a plan in which nine percent of all of the
produce it sold in the United States would be locally grown. n14 "Wal-Mart
defines local produce as that grown and sold in the same state." n15 This is
important, because, "given that Wal-Mart is the world's largest grocer, with one
of the biggest food supply chains, any change it made would have wide
implications." n16

   III. Local Food in the 2014 Farm Bill

 The purpose of this section is to highlight some of the most meaningful
sections of the 2014 Farm Bill that serve to enhance local food production and
local food systems. Due to the limited scope of this Article, it will not cover
every Farm Bill provision that may apply to local food. Relevant sections will
be discussed in the order in which they appear in the text of the Farm Bill.

   A. Title IV - Nutrition

   1. Retail Food Stores

 The first place support for local food systems can be found in the 2014 Farm
Bill is in the Nutrition Title, the title under which the majority of programs
that support local food can be found in the Farm Bill. n17 The first is section
4002 which falls within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).
This section specifically provides that the USDA will require retail food stores
that participate in SNAP to pay the full cost of acquiring and setting up
electronic benefit transfer (EBT) point-of-sale equipment. n18 However, the
language that follows clearly exempts farmers' markets and other markets that
sell directly to consumers. n19

   This is significant in that it has the potential to expand access to local
[*5]  food to SNAP participants who may otherwise not have this opportunity. n20
At the same time, it increases the market potential for farmers selling at
either farmers' markets or other direct-to-consumer outlets, as the cost of EBT
equipment can be a barrier for farmers to accept SNAP benefits. n21

   2. Use of Benefits for Purchase of Community-Supported Agriculture Share
(SNAP)

 Another change was made to the SNAP program via section 4012, which amends the
Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. n22 Section 4012 pertains to Community-Supported
Agricultural operations (CSAs), and provides for the use of SNAP benefits at
CSAs, which is a shift from how the program operated in the past. n23 CSAs are a
form of direct-to-consumer marketing, and this shift strengthens both systems in
terms of expanding markets for producers, as well as providing increased access
to fresh food for low-income consumers.



   CSAs are structured so that consumers buy a "share" in the harvest for a
growing season, which they pay for before the growing season starts. These
upfront payments provide capital for the farmers to use at the beginning of the
season when they have the greatest expenses ... . The consumer is buying a share
in whatever crops are harvested on any given week. One of the other financial
benefits to farmers who use this structure is the assurance of an income, no
matter what happens to the crop. For example, on a conventional farm, if the
farmer produces only corn and has trouble with the crop due to pests or weather
in a particular year, the farmer stands to lose all of his or her income for
that year. CSAs are structured so that the consumer shares in this risk. n24

 However, unlike a traditional CSA where consumers pay an annual or semi-annual
flat fee, payment with SNAP benefits must occur no more than fourteen days
before the product's delivery. n25 The rationale behind this is due to the fact
that



   SNAP clients have limited means and resources, they can neither afford nor
risk payment for an entire growing season at the season's start . . For this
reason, if an authorized direct marketing farmer or non-profit food buying
cooperative elects to do business via a CSA, payment may be accepted no more
than 14 days in advance of product delivery. n26

  [*6]  Additionally, SNAP benefits may only be used for food, and may not go
towards a CSA membership or administrative fees of the CSA. n27

   3. Pilot Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables

 The next section that pertains to local food is section 4202 - the Pilot
Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables. n28 This new
provision requires the USDA to conduct a pilot project in up to eight states
with the overall goal of providing these states with flexibility when procuring
unprocessed fruits and vegetables. n29 The USDA is authorized to permit
participating states to "utilize multiple suppliers and products established and
qualified by the Secretary and to allow geographic preference, if desired, in
the procurement of the products under the pilot project." n30

   In terms of qualifying states, the Farm Bill requires that of the eight
states chosen to participate, one state is located in each of the following
regions: the Pacific Northwest, the Northeast, the Western, the Midwest and the
Southern regions. n31 In addition, prioritization of qualifying states will be
based on the quantity and variety of produce growers on a per capita basis, a
state's proven commitment to farm-to-school programs efforts, and "whether the
States contain a sufficient quantity of local educational agencies, various
populations sizes, and geographical locations." n32 States chosen to
participate, and the applicable school food authorities of those eight states,
are required to keep records of the produce received. n33 In addition, each
state is required to submit a report on the success of the program, detailing
the quantities of fruits and vegetables, as well as the benefits incurred by
participation in the program. n34

   It is important to note that under this program, states are not required to
purchase locally-grown fruits and vegetables, n35 but they will have increased
flexibility to do so if they choose. According to the USDA's Food and Nutrition
Service (FNS):



   The pilot project will provide State Distributing Agencies (SDAs) in selected
states additional flexibility in the procurement of locally-grown unprocessed
fruits and vegetables. School food authorities (SFAs) in selected states, or
SDAs acting on behalf of participating SFAs, will be permitted to competitively
solicit a USDA-approved vendor using USDA Foods National School Lunch Program
(NSLP)  [*7]  entitlement funds. SDAs or SFAs will also be able to use
pre-existing commercial distribution channels and relationships with growers,
produce wholesalers, and distributors. Use of geographic preference, as allowed
by FNS regulation, is permitted in the procurement of these products ... It
offers states an additional opportunity to bolster local farm economies while
providing the children who participate in our school meals programs with healthy
food from within their own communities. n36

 This program comes at a time when participation in farm-to-school programs is
at an all-time high. n37 When the USDA conducted the first-ever Farm to School
Census for the 2011-2012 school year, it found that farm to school purchases
accounted for more than $ 385 million in local food sales. n38 Local food sales
conducted via farm to school programs are expected to continue to grow. n39

   4. Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program

 The Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program is also run by USDA-FNS, although
it is administered by the states. n40 This program serves to "provide low-income
seniors with coupons that can be exchanged for eligible foods (fruits,
vegetables, honey, and fresh-cut herbs) at farmers' markets, roadside stands,
and community-supported agriculture programs." n41 Again, the use of this
program supports the increased access of more fresh, local produce and other
food products to low-income individuals. n42 There were no substantive changes
made to the program under the 2014 Farm Bill; however, this provision did amend
the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to extend the program through
2018. n43 The program was funded at $ 19 million through fiscal year 2014. n44

[*8]

   5. Healthy Food Financing Initiative

 The USDA also leads the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. n45 Section 4206 of
the Farm Bill amends the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994.
n46 The purpose of this provision is to give the USDA authority to create "an
initiative to improve access to healthy foods in underserved areas, to create
and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize low-income communities by providing
loans and grants to eligible fresh, healthy food retailers to overcome the
higher costs and initial barriers to entry in underserved areas." n47 Priority
is given to projects located in low-income communities that create or maintain
jobs for low-income residents, support local and regional food systems, are
accessible by public transportation (if available in the area), or integrate
women and minority owned businesses. n48 The Farm Bill provides an appropriation
for up to $ 125,000,000 in funding for this initiative. n49

   6. Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive

 Section 4208 covers the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive. n50 This section
amends the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008. n51 The initiative
represents a new grant program designed to provide incentives to increase the
purchasing power of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits
when used to purchase fruits and vegetables. n52 The goal is to test strategies
that could contribute to the National Institute of Food and Agriculture's (NIFA)
understanding of the best way to increase the purchase of fruits and vegetables
by SNAP participants that would inform future efforts, and develop effective and
efficient benefit redemption technologies. n53

   Entities that are eligible to participate include, but are not limited to,
agricultural cooperatives, producer associations, farmers' markets and CSAs. n54
Among other criteria, priority should be given to projects that utilize direct
marketing to consumers and provide locally grown fruits and vegetables. n55
Again, while not strictly limited to local food, the program is set up in such a
way  [*9]  as to increase the potential expansion of local food sales. n56
Overall, funding is provided at $ 160,000,000 over five years. n57

   B. Title VI - Rural Development

   1. Locally or Regionally Produced Agricultural Food Products

 Title VI, the Rural Development title, includes section 6014, which pertains to
loans and loan guarantees for locally or regionally produced agricultural food
products. n58 This is the loan program in which we saw the first federal
definition of local food as discussed earlier. n59 The 2014 Farm Bill amends the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act again.



   The program targets low-income areas without access to fresh fruits and
vegetables. An increase of up to 7% of the appropriation for the Business and
Industry Loan Guarantee program is authorized. Funding priority is given to
projects benefitting underserved communities (i.e., those with limited access to
affordable, healthy foods and with high rates of poverty or food insecurity).
n60

 This loan program, which applies to locally or regionally produced food,
defines local as food that has traveled less than 400 miles between where it is
produced and where it is sold, or "the state in which the product was produced."
n61 No significant substantive changes were made to the program; however, under
the authority of the 2014 Farm Bill it was extended through 2018. n62

   2. Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants

 Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants were included in the
2014 Farm Bill, and modified somewhat from previous iterations, as it amends the
Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000. n63 The USDA also administers this
competitive grant program. It serves to support producers with processing and
marketing value-added products: "generating new products, creating and expanding
marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the end goals of
this program." n64

   There are two types of grants. The first are planning grants, which are
[*10]  currently eligible for awards of up to $ 75,000. n65 These can be used
for economic planning activities, which "include conducting feasibility studies
and developing business plans for processing and marketing of the proposed
value-added product." n66 The second are working capital grants, which are
eligible for awards of up to $ 200,000. n67 These grants can be utilized for
"processing costs, marketing and advertising expenses, [and] some inventory and
salary expenses" directly related to the value-added product. n68

   What is new under this amendment includes an expansion of the category of
priority projects to be considered, which now includes producers with small and
medium-sized family farms, beginning, socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers. n69 Funding was authorized for $ 63,000,000 over 5 years. n70 This
is significant for local food systems, as these grants support food products and
businesses that are often made from locally grown agricultural products and then
sold back into the local food system. n71 They also support the businesses that
make these products. According to the USDA, "the program helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products, expanding marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing
products." n72 Secretary Vilsack adds that "the funding ... will have
far-reaching, positive impacts in rural communities across the country ... The
investments will help businesses create new products, expand their operations,
and support local and regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this
program to provide even more of these opportunities." n73

   C. Title X - Horticulture

   1. Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program

 Title X of the Farm Bill is the Horticulture Title. n74 Section 10003 pertains
to the Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP). n75 This is one
area where significant changes have been made under the 2014 Farm Bill.  [*11]
This program was formerly known as the Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP);
section 10003 adds "local food promotion." n76 This is significant in that the
addition of "local food" extends the reach of the program to include
intermediaries, whereas the program formerly covered only projects based on
direct to consumer sales. n77

   The Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program (hereinafter "FMLFPP") is
authorized by the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1946. n78 The
FMLFPP provides for two competitive grant programs, both of which are overseen
by the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS). n79 These grants are the
Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP). Under the 2014 Farm Bill, total funding for the FMLFPP is set at $
30,000,000 a year for each year from 2014-2018, with funding split equally
between the two grant programs. n80

   The purpose of the FMPP is:



   to increase domestic consumption of, and access to, locally and regionally
produced agricultural products, and to develop new market opportunities for farm
and ranch operations serving local markets by developing, improving, expanding,
and providing outreach, training, and technical assistance to, or assisting in
the development, improvement, and expansion of, domestic farmers markets,
roadside stands, community-supported agriculture programs, agritourism
activities, and other direct producer-to-consumer market opportunities. n81

 Grant awards range from $ 15,000 to a maximum of $ 100,000 per project. n82

   The goal of the newly created LFPP is to "support the development and
expansion of local and regional food business enterprises to increase domestic
consumption of, and access to, locally and regionally produced agricultural
products, and to develop new market opportunities for farm and ranch operations
serving local markets." n83 Again, this program targets intermediaries, which
includes food businesses that "process, distribute, aggregate, [and/] or store
[*12]  locally or regionally produced food products." n84

   There are two types of projects funded through the LFPP. First, planning
grants are provided for the purposes of planning a new food business enterprise,
or for planning the expansion of a currently existing business. n85 For 2014,
planning grants are funded in the amounts of $ 5,000-$ 25,000 for a period of
one year. n86 Second, implementation grants are aimed towards establishing a new
local food business enterprise, or implementing the expansion of a currently
existing food business. n87 These are funded in the amounts of $ 25,000-$
100,000 for a period of two years. n88

   2. Specialty Crop Block Grant

 Section 10010 of the 2014 Farm Bill amends the Specialty Crops Competitiveness
Act of 2004, which pertains to the Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBGP). n89 The
purpose of this grant is to "enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops."
n90 The grants are managed by the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and
administered through the states. n91 For the purposes of this grant, specialty
crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)." n92

   One substantive change to this grant under the 2014 Farm Bill is the
authorization of multistate projects. n93 In addition, funding was increased to
$ 72,500,000 per year from 2014-2017, and then is set to increase again to $
85,000,000 in 2018. n94 In contrast, the funding level was $ 55,000,000 through
2012. n95

   While not specifically targeted at local food, the grant is often used for
projects that support local and regional food systems, particularly as it is
geared towards fruits and vegetables. n96 The National Sustainable Agriculture
Coalition  [*13]  states that



   given the flexibility of the Specialty Crop Block Grant program to
potentially support farm to school initiatives, farmer food safety training,
food hubs, processing businesses, marketing research ... the increased funding
for this program represents an improved opportunity for farmers ... to find
support for the development of local and regional food systems. n97


   3. Local Food Production and Program Evaluation

 In the Horticulture Title, Section 10016 of the Farm Bill also provides for a
new initiative. n98 The so-called Local Food Production and Program Evaluation
requires the USDA to collect data on both the production and marketing of
locally produced food as well as the costs to comply with the applicable
regulatory requirements. n99 In addition, the USDA is mandated to facilitate
interagency collaboration on programs that deal with local food systems as well
as provide evaluation data on the ways in which local food systems facilitate
community food security and enable increased access to healthy food. n100

   This initiative would have provided for much-needed information and data
analysis related to local food systems. However, no funding was authorized for
this program. n101

   IV. Additional Federal Support for Local Food - Outside the Farm Bill

 As stated earlier, there has been increasing support at the federal level for
local foods for a number of years now. In order to highlight what this support
looks like, I will mention a few federal programs in this section. This is not
to be considered an exhaustive list.

   A. Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food

 One of the most far-reaching programs that exist at the federal level is the
USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative (KYF2). n102 This initiative
brings together programs throughout the USDA that support farmers, food
businesses, and others entering local food markets. It also supports  [*14]
relationships between consumers and producers. n103 The USDA recognizes that
"[a] surge in consumer demand for locally-produced food is creating jobs and
opportunity throughout rural America local and regional food is already a
multi-billion dollar market and growing quickly." n104 Through KYF2, the agency:



   integrates programs and policies that: stimulate food-and
agriculturally-based community economic development, foster new opportunities
for farmers and ranchers, promote locally-and regionally-produced and processed
foods, cultivate healthy eating habits and educated, empowered consumers, expand
access to affordable fresh and local food, and demonstrate the connection
between food, agriculture, community and the environment. n105

 On the dedicated KYF2 website, one can find information on a large variety of
topics related to local food, including relevant loans and grant programs, n106
as well as a list of resources covering everything from the census of
agriculture, to a handbook on the topic of SNAP at farmers' markets. n107
Looking at the KYF2 initiative, the level of support that the USDA has dedicated
to local and regional food systems becomes very apparent.

   B. Local Food Directories

 The USDA-AMS has developed local food directories, under their "mission of
facilitating the fair and efficient marketing of U.S. agricultural products."
n108 These directories specifically aim "to better connect farmers and buyers,
and enhance awareness of available local food sources." n109

   There are currently four online directories, in the following categories:1)
Farmers Markets; 2) CSA; 3) Food Hub and 4) On-Farm Markets. n110 The first
directory was the National Farmers Market Directory. n111 The other three were
started after the National Farmers Market Directory gained popularity. n112
Information available within the directories includes "a mapped location,
operating hours, months of operation, the types of products available, number of
[*15]  farmers at each market and the accepted forms of payment." n113 All of
the directories are free for vendors to list their operations, and are also free
for the end users. n114

   C. Local Foods, Local Places Initiative

 The Local Food, Local Places Initiative is a new initiative, announced in June
of 2014, and is a joint effort between multiple entities. n115 The partners
include the USDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Department of
Transportation (DOT), as well as the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) and
the Delta Regional Authority (DRA). n116 The goals of the initiative include
increasing economic opportunities for local farmers and businesses; improving
access to healthy, local food, particularly for communities that traditionally
have limited access; and revitalizing downtowns and neighborhoods. n117

   This initiative will provide "direct technical support and expertise to
community partners integrating local food systems into regional economic action
plans." n118 The first round of applications was due in July of 2015. n119
Awards were announced in December of 2014, and included 26 projects in 19
states. n120 The partnering entities funded a combined $ 800,000. n121

   V. Upcoming Issues

 When asked to present at the AALA, I was asked to include thoughts on potential
upcoming issues for local food systems. Below are three areas where I see the
possibility for growth or expansion, both within local food systems themselves,
and also with where these systems intersect with law and policy.

[*16]

   A. Continued Interest in Local Food - And the Role of Attorneys

 For a variety of reasons beyond the scope of this article, it remains difficult
to find sources of hard data regarding the economic impact of local food
systems. The information for the most recent time period available states that,
as of 2008, local food sales accounted for $ 4.8 billion of the agricultural
market in the United States. n122 Representing 1.6% of the overall market, this
is a very small fraction of total product sales. n123 However, relatively
speaking, it represents a significant - and growing - share of the total market.
With continued (and growing) interest in local food, it seems likely that this
share will continue to increase over time. In addition, the number of individual
farms that are participating in local and regional food markets will likely
continue to grow. Again, as of 2008, approximately 107,000 farms were considered
to be participating in local food markets, and with sustained consumer interest
this also seems likely to continue to increase. n124

   As consumer interest and demand in local food continues to increase, so will
the number of farms and food businesses that participate in this market. This
group of farmers will include experienced farmers who are looking for ways to
enter new market opportunities and to diversify their businesses. New and
beginning farmers are also entering these markets. In addition, there will
continue to be new food businesses entering local food markets at a steady rate
as demand continues to increase. At the same time, there is an increasingly
complex network of local, state and federal laws and regulations that are
applicable to farming and food businesses.

   This influx of participants in local food translates to an increased need for
legal help in a variety of areas. The needs of beginning and experienced farmers
may overlap in some ways and diverge in other ways; the same is true for food
businesses. There is a corresponding need for attorneys who are prepared to meet
the particular needs of each of these groups. Examples of topics for which
farmers and food businesses will need legal advice include, but are certainly
not limited to: contracts, food safety, food labeling, the National Organic
Program, labor and employment issues, business formation, tax, estate planning,
and land access. In some ways these legal needs will differ from those of other
agricultural clients. It will be critical to the continued success of local food
systems to have prepared, accessible attorneys who are ready to meet these
needs.

   B. Consumer Confusion Between "Local" and "Organic"

 Just as there is continued consumer demand for local food, there has also
[*17]  been a steady increase in demand for organic food and food products. n125
As of 2012, the organic market was estimated at $ 28.4 billion. n126 This
estimate increased for 2014 to $ 35 billion. n127 At the same time, there seems
to be increased confusion among consumers as to what these labels mean. In
preparing the presentation for the AALA - and this article - I made a choice to
focus on local food, and did not include information pertaining specifically to
organic agriculture, in an effort to keep these two classifications separate.

   In May of 2014, the International Food and Agribusiness Management Review
released a study on this topic. n128 The study indicated that 17% of consumers
confused the terms "organic" and "local", and didn't understand the distinction
between them. n129 This is a problem for a number of reasons. First, if
consumers rely on these labels, their ability to make these decisions is
forfeited if they do not understand the labels. Second, if consumers do not
understand the difference between these two terms, then the terms themselves
lose their meaning and significance over time.

   For food businesses and farmers who go through the process of becoming
certified organic, this label means being able to use this certification as a
marketing tool. n130 One outcome of doing so is often receiving a higher premium
for products that are certified organic. n131 Organic certification also has a
very specific legal meaning, set out in the standards under the National Organic
Program. n132 As was mentioned earlier in this article, the term "local" does
not have one specific legal definition. If the distinction between the two terms
is incorrectly blurred, then both run the risk of losing their meaning and their
significance for consumers. In order to clear this up, there needs to be greater
clarification and public education around food labels and production practices.

   C. Invasivores

 Ten years ago, the term "locavore" did not exist. Today, many will recognize
this term as a reference to people who eat locally grown foods. The term was
coined in 2005, n133 and in 2007 was named Oxford American  [*18]  Dictionary's
word of the year. n134

   Today, another movement related to local food is starting to attract more
attention -invasivores. As the name suggests, this term is used to describe
people who eat invasive species. n135 As defined by the National Invasive
Species Council (NISC), an "invasive species" is "a species that is non-native
to the ecosystem under consideration and whose introduction causes or is likely
to cause economic or environmental harm or harm to human health." n136 Some
examples include kudzu, lionfish, dandelions and feral pigs. n137 By nature, the
eating of plants or animals that are considered to be invasive in one's local or
regional area also falls within the context of local food.

   Changing climate conditions - and correspondingly, environmental conditions -
as well as increased trade and travel worldwide contribute to the increased
potential for the spread of invasive species. n138 As these trends continue, we
are likely to see the invasive movement grow accordingly.

   VI. Conclusion

 As I wrote in the conclusion to my 2008 article on legal and policy issues of
the local food movement, "the interest in local food which has been developing
in recent years seems likely to continue to grow in the future." n139 Six years
later, this statement has held true, and seems likely to hold true for the
foreseeable future, as we see local food continue to expand even further.
Consumer demand for local food has not shown signs of slowing down, and does not
seem likely to any time soon. The interest in local food has developed from a
grass-roots movement into a mainstay of our food system, and correspondingly we
are seeing it become more entrenched at various levels the business and
political landscape, including at large retailers and the state and federal
government. Due to the nature of what local food is, I do not believe that it
will go the way of the organic movement - meaning I do not think we will see one
definition at the federal level that preempts all other definitions. However,
there  [*19]  is a need for increased consumer education about food labels and
production practices in order to sustain the integrity of the current labels.

   In addition, as the movement continues to mature, an increasing number of
farmers and food businesses are entering local food markets. Simultaneously,
there are increasingly complex regulations and legal issues those local food
producers and businesses will be required to follow. We need agricultural
attorneys who are prepared to work with local food producers and businesses and
to take on the unique challenges that present themselves for these clients and
the valuable work that they are doing.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct PromotionPublic Health &
Welfare LawFood & NutritionNutrition Programs for Children

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Marne Coit, Jumping on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and
Legal Aspects of the Local Food Movement, 4 J. Food L. & Pol'y 45 (2008).





n2.  See generally Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No.
110-234, 122 Stat. 923.





n3.  7 U.S.C. §§1926(a)(1), 1926(a)(26)(c) (2012), amended by Agriculture Act of
2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 6006, 128 Stat. 649, 842-43.





n4.  7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2015).





n5.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat. 595 (2009).





n6.  See id.





n7.  Id. 595/10(a),(b).





n8.  Id. 595/5.





n9.  Sustainable Food, Emory Univ.,
http://sustainability.emory.edu/page/1008/Sustainable-Food (last visited Sept.
16, 2015).





n10.  Id.





n11.  Id.





n12.  Id.





n13.  Id.





n14.  Stephanie Clifford, Wal-Mart to Buy More Local Produce, N.Y. Times, Oct.
14, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/business/15walmart.html.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79,§§4001-4214, 128 Stat. 649
782-832.





n18.  Id. § 4002(b).





n19.  Id.





n20.  See id.





n21.  Local and Regional Foods, ERS, USDA, available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/agricultural-act-of-2014-highlights-and-implications/loc
al-and-regional-foods.aspx (last updated Apr. 11, 2014).





n22.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4012.





n23.  Id.





n24.  Coit, supra note 1.





n25.  Operating a CSA and SNAP Participation, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA (May
20, 2015), http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/snap/CSA.pdf [hereinafter
Operating].





n26.  Id.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4202.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  Id.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Id.





n35.  Id.





n36.  Press Release, USDA Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA Request for Applications
for Unprocessed Fruit and Vegetable Pilot (July 21, 2014), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/fns-0004.





n37.  See id.





n38.  Id.





n39.  Press Release, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA Food & Nutr. Serv., USDA
Selects States for Participation in Pilot Project for Procurement of Unprocessed
Fruits and Vegetables, (Dec. 8, 2014), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/fns-001214 (noting as of December 8,
2014, the eight states chosen to participate in the pilot project are:
California, Connecticut, Michigan, New York, Oregon, Virginia, Washington and
Wisconsin).





n40.  Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sfmnp/senior-farmers-market-nutrition-program-sfmnp
(last updated Apr. 15, 2015) [hereinafter Senior].





n41.  Id.





n42.  Id.





n43.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 4203, 128 Stat. 649, 822.





n44.  Senior, supra note 40.





n45.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4206.





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id. § 4206(a).





n48.  Id. § 4206(c)(2)(C)(ii)(I)-(V).





n49.  Id. § 4206(d).





n50.  Id. § 4208.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive (FINI) Grant Program, Nat'l Inst. of
Food & Agric., USDA, http://nifa.usda.gov/program/
food-insecurity-nutrition-incentive-fini-grant-program (last visited Sept. 16,
2015).





n54.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4405(a)(1)(A)-(L).





n55.  Id. § 4405.





n56.  See id.





n57.  Id. §§4405(c)(1) to (c)(2)(a)-(c).





n58.  Id. § 6014.





n59.  See infra Section II.





n60.  Tadlock Cowan, Cong. Research Serv., R47318, Rural Development Provisions
in the 2014 Farm Bill (P.L. 113-79) 5 (2014).





n61.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i)(I) (2012).





n62.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6014.





n63.  Id. § 6203.





n64.  Value Added Producer Grants, Rural Dev., USDA, http://www.rd.usda.gov/
programs-services/value-added-producer-grants (last visited Sept. 16, 2015)
[hereinafter Value Added].





n65.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6201.





n66.  Value Added, supra note 64.





n67.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 7603.





n68.  Value Added, supra note 64.





n69.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6203.





n70.  Id.





n71.  See id.





n72.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Announces $ 25 Million for Agricultural
Entrepreneurs to Turn Commodities into Value-Added Products (Aug. 19, 2014),
available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid=2014/08/0183.xml&print
able=true&contentidonly=true.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Agricultural Act of 2014 §§10001-10017.





n75.  Id. § 10003.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Announces $ 97 Million Available to Expand
Access to Healthy Food, Support Rural Economies (Mar. 16, 2015), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2015/03/0064.xml&contenti
donly=true.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 1003.





n81.  Farmers Market Promotion Program, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/fmpp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n82.  Farmers Market Production Program Frequently Asked Questions, Agric. Mktg.
Serv., USDA (Mar. 6, 2015),
http://www.ams.usda.gov/sites/default/files/media/FMNPFAQ.pdf





n83.  Local Food Promotion Program, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/lfpp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA, Local Food Promotion Program 6-7 (2015),
available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5110857.





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 10010, 128 Stat. 649,
949-50.





n90.  Id.





n91.  See id.





n92.  7 U.S.C. § 1621 (2012), amended by Agriculture Act of 2014 § 10010;
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Farm Bill, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/scbgp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n93.  See Agricultural Act of 2014, § 10010.





n94.  Id. § 10010(k)(5)(B)(1)(E).





n95.  Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110-234, §
10109(c)(j)(3), 122 Stat. 923, 1339.





n96.  See 2014 Farm Bill Drilldown: Local and Regional Food Systems, Healthy
Food Access, and Rural Development, NSAC's Blog (Feb. 11, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farmbill-local-rd-organic/.





n97.  Id.





n98.  See Agricultural Act of 2014 § 10016.





n99.  Id. § 10016(a)(1).





n100.  Id. § 10016(a)(2)(4).





n101.  See id. § 10016.





n102.  See generally USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/knowyourfarmer?navid=KNOWYOURFARMER (last
visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n103.  See Our Mission, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_MISSION (last updated May
14, 2015).





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  See generally Grants, Loans & Support, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_GRANTS (last updated Apr.
20, 2015).





n107.  See Tools and Resources, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_RESOURCES (last updated
July 13, 2015).





n108.  Local Food Directories, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.usdalocalfooddirectories.com (last visited Sept. 26, 2015).





n109.  See id.





n110.  See id.





n111.  See id.





n112.  See id.





n113.  Id.





n114.  See id.





n115.  See Doug McKalip, Local Food, Local Places: Bringing Expertise and
Executive Thinking to Community Economic Development, White House Rural Council
(Dec. 3, 2014, 10:16 AM),
https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/12/03/local-food-local-places-bringing-expe
rtise-and-creative-thinking-community-economic-.





n116.  Id.





n117.  See id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Local Foods, Local Places Announcement of Federal Assistance for
Sustainable Communities, Whitehouse.gov,
https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/docs/announcement_-_local_foods_l
ocal_places_2014_final.pdf (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n120.  Press Release, USDA, Obama Administration Selects Communities to Develop
Local Food Projects, Encourage Economic Expansion (Dec. 3, 2014), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2014/12/0262.xml.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Renee Johnson et al., Cong. Research Serv., R42155, The Role of Local
Food Systems in U.S. Farm Policy 1 (Mar. 12, 2013).





n123.  Id.





n124.  Id.





n125.  See Organic Market Overview, Econ. Research Serv., USDA,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/natural-resources-environment/organic-agriculture
/organic-market-overview.aspx (last updated Apr. 7, 2014) [hereinafter Organic
Market Overview].





n126.  Id.





n127.  Id.





n128.  See generally Benjamin L. Campbell et al., U.S. and Canadian Consumer
Perception of Local and Organic Terminology, 17 Int'l Food & Agribusiness Mgmt.
Rev. 21 (2014).





n129.  Id. at 26.





n130.  See Organic Market Overview, supra note 125.





n131.  See id.





n132.  See Organic Certification, 7 U.S.C.§§6514-6515 (2012); General
Requirements for Accreditation, 7 C.F.R. § 205.501 (2015).





n133.  Locavore Definition, Merriam-Webster,
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/locavore (last visited Sept. 16,
2015).





n134.  Oxford Word of the Year: Locavore, OUPBlog (Nov. 12, 2007),
http://blog.oup.com/2007/11/locavore.





n135.  About, Invasivore.org, http://invasivore.org/about/ (last visited Sept.
16, 2015).





n136.  Nat'l Invasive Species Council, Invasive Species Definition Clarification
and Guidance White Paper 1 (2006), available at
http://www.invasivespeciesinfo.gov/docs/council/isacdef.pdf.





n137.  Browse Species & Recipes, Invasivore.org,
http://invasivore.org/browse-species-recipes (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n138.  Nat'l Invasive Species Council, National Invasive Species Management Plan
4 (2008), available at
https://www.doi.gov/sites/doi.gov/files/migrated/invasivespecies/upload/2008-201
2-National-Invasive-Management-Plan.pdf.





n139.  Coit, supra note 1, at 70.


                               3 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

California: States Announce Investments in Local Specialty Crop Industry

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The USDA recently awarded more than $62 million in Specialty Crop Block
Grants (SCBG) to support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and
nursery crops, also known as "specialty crops," through research, agricultural
extension activities, and programs to increase demand and address the needs of
America's specialty crop industry. The SCBG Program is a top priority for NASDA
Members.





 Oregon: OR Receives $1.7 Million in Specialty Crop Block Grant Funds



 Michigan: MI Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Awardees



 West Virginia: WV Specialty Crop Projects awarded more than $200,000 in Grant
Funds



 Montana: Governor Bullock and Department of Agriculture Announce $1.2 million
in Specialty Crop Block Grants



 Iowa: Northey - 10 IA Projects to Receive Grants to Help Promote Specialty
Crops



 Maryland: MDA Announces Funding for Fruits and Vegetables Crops



 North Dakota: Goehring awards $2.3 Million in Specialty Crop Grants



 Delaware: $300,000 Awarded to DE Crop Projects



 California: CA Agriculture Leads Nation in Funding for Specialty Crops



 Washington: WA Receives $4.3 million in Federal Specialty Crop Grant Funds



 Illinois: IDOA Receives Specialty Crop Grant Funds



 Alabama: Specialty Crop Block Grants Awarded to 14 Recipients



 Missouri: Grants Awarded to Grow Demand for MO Specialty Crops



 Kansas: KS Department of Agriculture Receives Specialty Crop Block Grant



 Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces New Specialty Crop Grants for Virginia



 South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding



 Vermont: VT Agency of Agriculture Grants Over $237K to Benefit Specialty Crop
Producers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

New York: State Agriculture Commissioner Announces 2016 Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program to Strengthen New York's Agricultural Industry

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Department of Agriculture and Markets has issued the following news
release:



  New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets Commissioner Richard A.
Ball today announced that the Department, in partnership with the New York Farm
Viability Institute (NYFVI), is now accepting applications for the Specialty
Crop Block Grant program.  The program is funded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA).  The Department and NYFVI are seeking proposals for research
and grower education projects that will boost the competitiveness of New York's
specialty crops and enhance the long-term success of the State's
agri-businesses.  New York State's specialty crops include fruits, vegetables,
dried fruits, hops, maple syrup, honey, and nursery crops.





 Applications for the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant program are available at
www.nyfvi.org.



 Commissioner Ball said, "The Specialty Crop Block Grant program has been hugely
successful in developing innovative solutions for the agricultural
industry--from extending the growing season to developing new pest management
strategies.  We thank the New York Farm Viability Institute for its partnership
in this program."



 The timeline for this year's annual grant application process has been moved up
several months to better align with the off-season for the review process.
Opening the application period in January allows NYFVI to coordinate its review
of similar research projects submitted to its other grant programs.



 NYFVI Board of Directors Chair Jim Bittner said, "Farm Viability is pleased to
partner with the Department on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Starting
the application process during the winter will allow our volunteer farmer review
panels to fully read and evaluate the proposals, ensuring the projects selected
will be the most relevant for New York specialty crop farmers."



 Individual projects can be awarded up to $100,000.  Proposals may address a
wide range of challenges and opportunities related to the competitiveness of the
State's specialty crop industry, including research and grower education
projects that will create new partnerships, increase efficiencies, reduce costs,
foster innovation and enhance the long-term viability of specialty crop
agri-businesses across the State.



 The following priority areas have been identified:



     research and/or education addressing a key conventional or organic
production problem or need specific to New York State;

     developing and increasing the utilization of Integrated Pest Management
strategies and programs;

     prioritizing and addressing native and exotic pests and disease threats
through development of pest risk assessments;

     supporting plant breeding for the development of specialty crops resistant
to exotic and native pests;

     applied research and development to extend the growing season of New York
specialty crops through new technologies, improved management practices, or
other innovative production strategies; and

     developing new seed varieties and specialty crops with optimal performance
under New York State conditions.



 The Specialty Crop Block Grant program is administered through the Department
in coordination with the NYFVI. The NYFVI will evaluate the proposals and submit
its recommendations to the Department for inclusion in the agency's application
to the USDA.

 Eligible applicants include not-for-profit organizations, not-for-profit
educational institutions, and local and Indian tribal governments. Applications
are due Sunday, February 14, 2016. Projects must be completed within two years
from the award date.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: Oregon hosts national conference on specialty crops

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block grant
program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon will
host the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across the
country next week in Portland.





 fruit&corn"We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry
out the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in
a position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference is an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon will be able to showcase it's
specialty crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have
funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of next week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference are bringing
in 68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the
US Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) will be represented at the three day
event.



 The conference is being held at the Oregon Convention Center, where it will
lead into the Farwest Show- a major nursery industry trade show. Nursery
products are considered specialty crops and the Oregon Association of Nurseries
has been a major supporter of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. In fact,
it was OAN Executive Director Jeff Stone- a member of ODA's Advisory Committee
for the program- who suggested the idea of a national conference. Stone felt it
would be beneficial for all states to get the same training and perhaps develop
more consistent ways of administering the program throughout the US. Other
committee members agreed and so did other states.



 "Everybody coming has eyes wide open for improvement," says Brubaker. "Those
attending the conference are either seasoned grant program coordinators or have
just been in the position for a couple of months. So this is a fantastic
opportunity for everyone to share tools and learn from each other."



 Ultimately, Oregon's specialty crop industry has increased its success in the
marketplace with the help of federal funds authorized by the Farm Bill. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has funded an average of 21 projects each
year, selected by ODA and the industry advisory board.



 "These funds are very critical to a state like Oregon, where a vast majority of
our agriculture is based on specialty crops," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "This
program enables us to reach the diversity of specialty crop growers in the state
and allows our industries to ultimately be more competitive in the marketplace."




 carrots_fred_meyer01Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in
production of specialty crops. Prior to 2008, federal appropriations in the Farm
Bill targeted large program crops primarily grown in the Midwest and South, such
as wheat, corn, soybeans, and cotton. Under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, each state receives a base amount, but additional funds are awarded to
states in proportion to the percentage of specialty crops they produce. On
average, Oregon receives $1.5 million each year.



 The next round of funding will be announced within a couple of months. Oregon
has submitted proposed projects to USDA for final approval. Over the years,
projects have been awarded to industry associations, producer groups,
processors, commodity commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local
government agencies in Oregon to address such issues as market development and
access, certification, food safety, pest and disease management, innovation, and
training the next generation of producers.



 During next week's conference, Oregon will have a chance to be in the
spotlight.



 "We are definitely going to show off our specialty crops and the projects we've
funded," says Brubaker. "It's a wonderful opportunity to show other states the
success we've had."



 Meals for attendees will feature Oregon berries, pears, potatoes, and other
specialty crops. This includes one of this summer's Crop Up dinners hosted by
ODA and Oregon State University and funded by specialty crop block grant
dollars. An event at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) will
include craft beer from Oregon hops, cider, and wine- three products that have
benefitted from funded projects.



 But the conference is more than just a show and tell and taste. The agenda
includes a national look at specialty crop statistics and new performance
measures for those administering the program. Keynote speaker Craig Ostbo of
Koopman Ostbo Marketing Communications will discuss marketing and promotion of
specialty crop block grant projects.



 "The conference is an opportunity to learn how we can share and report the
accomplishments of the program nationwide as well as how to do more effective
outreach so that the industry knows the program is available," says ODA's
Marketing Operations Manager Karla Valness, who has also helped plan the event.



 Coming out of the conference, Oregon and other states are likely to make a few
adjustments to the program in order to implement new national guidelines and
make use of new outreach tools and techniques. One thing that hasn't changed is
the tremendous support of the program by Oregon's specialty crop industries.



 "As manager of Oregon's program, one thing I've definitely learned is that our
industry has stepped up and shown its support. I'm thankful for that," says
Brubaker.



 Other states may be most interested in learning how that support in Oregon has
been cultivated.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Historic Farm Bill
Support Available through State Departments of Agriculture

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of
approximately $66 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to state departments of
agriculture for projects that help support specialty crop growers, including
locally grown fruits and vegetables, through research, programs to increase
demand, and more.

The historic support provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill), will
strengthen rural American communities by supporting local and regional markets
and improving access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious high quality products for
millions of Americans. The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, administered by
the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), is designed to enhance the markets for
specialty crops like fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture
and nursery crops, including floriculture.

"Specialty crop block grants help sustain the livelihoods of American farmers
while strengthening the rural economy" said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"These grants contribute to food safety improvements, increased access to
healthy food, and new research to help growers increase profitability and
sustainability."

As directed by the Farm Bill, the block grants are now allocated to U.S. States
and territories based on a formula that takes into consideration both specialty
crop acreage and production value. Nearly all states are seeing an increase in
funds.

AMS encourages applicants to develop projects that enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops, sustain the livelihood of American farmers, and strengthen
rural economies by:

Increasing nutritional knowledge and specialty crop consumption among children
and adults,
 Improving efficiency within the distribution system,
 Promoting the development of good agricultural, handling and manufacturing
practices while encouraging audit cost-sharing for small farmers, packers, and
processors,
 Supporting research through standard and green initiatives,
 Enhancing food safety,
 Developing new/improved seed varieties and specialty crops,
 Controlling pests and diseases,
 Creating organic and sustainable production practices,
 Establishing local and regional fresh food systems,
 Expanding access to specialty crops in underserved communities,
 Developing school and community gardens and farm-to-school programs,
 Enhancing the competitiveness of specialty crop farmers, including Native
American and disadvantaged farmers.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 23, 2010

DDA sets March 29 workshop for specialty crop grant program

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 378  words


Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee announced March 9, the 2010 Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program to fund projects that solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Delaware.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program was established in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The Delaware Department of Agriculture (DDA) has established a competitive grant
process to award these federal funds in 2010. The department will be
administering funds totaling $251406 for the development of projects that wfll
benefit existing specialty crop producers. Grants will be issued from $5,000 to
$40,000. DDA wfll fund projects that can produce the highest degree of
measurable benefits to Delaware's specialty crop producers.

DDA is seeking applications from producers, nonprofit organizations, government
entities, for-profit organizations and universities for projects that aim to
promote or enhance the production of, and access to, Delaware specialty crops.

Collaboration among these groups wfll be considered in a positive fashion.

An industry-based review team wfll rank the applications for final decision by
the Delaware secretary of agriculture. Applicants must reside or their business
or educational affiliation must be in Delaware.

The Delaware Department of Agriculture will be hosting a Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program Workshop at DDA at 4 p.m., Monday, March 29, to answer any
questions on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and to discuss the
application process.

Both the paper copies and the electronic copy of the grant applications must be
received by 430 p jtl, Monday, May 3.

According to the US. Department of Agriculture website, specialty crops are
defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and
nursery crops (including floriculture).

Eligible plants must be intensively cultivated and used by people for food,
medicinal purposes and/or aesthetic gratification to be considered specialty
crops. A complete listing of all eligible crops may be found at amsjisdagov.

To receive a copy of the grant application or for questions about the grant
application, contact Jo-Ann Walston, DDA marketing specialist, at 302-698-4523
or John. Walston@state.de.us The grant application packet will be available at
dda.delaware.gov under Hot Topics.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Cape Gazette


                              21 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

REP. MIKE THOMPSON ANNOUNCES MORE THAN $800,000 IN USDA SPECIALTY CROP BLOCK
GRANTS TO HELP CREATE NEW ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES, GROW LOCAL MARKETS

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative  Mike Thompson, M.D., U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson today announced a number of U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) block grants totaling $802,141 to help support economic
opportunities and grow local markets for specially crops. The grants, made
through the 2013 Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) Program, will assist growers
of specialty crops and help strengthen and expand markets for their products.
The goal of the grant program is to promote and increase opportunities for
specialty crop producers. The grants are paid for by the USDA with funds
approved by Congress through the annual appropriations process.

"Agriculture is the backbone of our economy and these investments will
strengthen our district's specialty crop industry by supporting local markets,
promoting quality products, and increasing the availability of freshly grown
fruits and vegetables to schools and commercial buyers," said Thompson.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is part of USDA's integrated approach to
programs and policies that stimulate food- and agriculturally-based community
economic development.

Grants that will benefit California's 5th Congressional District include:

$357,000 for the Sonoma Valley Vintners Association to increase wine consumer
awareness of the high-quality wines from the Sonoma Valley American Viticultural
Area through a marketing campaign that will include website redesign, social
media and email campaigns, and print and online advertising.

$55,120 for Solano Grown to promote and encourage purchases of local specialty
crop products by developing an online farmers' market for Solano County
specialty crop producers.

$390,021 for North Coast Opportunities, Inc. to make more Lake and Mendocino
County specialty crop products easily available to schools and other
institutional and commercial buyers by creating a California specialty crop
grower distribution hub. The Food Hub will handle only eligible specialty crops
to ensure that grant funding supports only specialty crops.


Congressman Mike Thompson is proud to represent California's 5th Congressional
District, which includes all or part of Contra Costa, Lake, Napa, Solano and
Sonoma Counties.  He is a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee
and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Rep. Thompson is also
a member of the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Coalition and chairs the
bipartisan, bicameral Congressional Wine Caucus.

For further information please visit: http://mikethompson.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

REMINDER: GRANTS AVAILABLE TO HELP PROMOTE SPECIALTY CROPS

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:



   Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today reminded Iowans that the
Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship is accepting applications
for grant funding through the Specialty Crop Block Grant program.  The grants
are available to support projects that enhance the competitiveness of specialty
crops grown in Iowa.





 The Iowa Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has been allocated $282,032.76 for
2017 from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service that administers the program.



 "The Specialty Crop Block Grant funds can support food safety, research and
marketing efforts that encourage Iowans to choose the products that are produced
right here in our state," Northey said.  "Specialty crops are a very important
part of Iowa agriculture as they allow farmers to diversify and give customers
access to locally grown products."



 Grant funds shall be used for projects that benefit the specialty crop industry
as a whole and will not be awarded for projects that directly benefit a
particular product or provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or
individual.



 Iowa agencies, universities, institutions, and producer, industry, and
community based organizations are all eligible to apply for funding.  In
addition, organizations, institutions, and individuals are encouraged to
participate as project partners.



 Grant awards will be considered up to a maximum of $24,000 and projects can
have a duration of up to 30 months (2 ½ years).



 "Specialty Crops" that are eligible under this program are fruits and
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture.  Both fresh and processed specialty crops are eligible.



 Proposals must be received by IDALS on or before 4:00 p.m. on Monday, April 3,
2017.  For more information visit the IDALS Specialty Crop Block Grant program
at the Department's web site at
www.IowaAgriculture.gov/Horticulture_and_FarmersMarkets/specialtyCropGrant.asp.



 The Department is also again establishing a Review Committee to help review,
evaluate, and make recommendations on grant proposals submitted to the
Department.



 Those interested in participating in the Review Committee should have knowledge
of specialty crops, and/or grant writing or grant management experience, and the
ability to devote the necessary time to complete the review process.  Additional
information about reviewer responsibilities, meeting dates and an application
form can also be found at
www.IowaAgriculture.gov/Horticulture_and_FarmersMarkets/specialtyCropGrant.asp.

 Applications to participate in the Reviewer Committee are due Friday, March 17,
2017 by 4 p.m.



 To ensure that funds are used in the most efficient manner possible, the
Department is asking specialty crop stakeholders and organizations to submit
public comments on program priorities.  The comments will help the Department
identify priorities; establish the criteria used to evaluate the projects
proposed for funding, and to determine how the reviews are conducted.



 Iowans interested in submitting comments about the program can do so online by
emailing HorticultureAndFarmersMarkets@IowaAgriculture.gov or by mail to
Horticulture and Farmers Market Bureau, Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land
Stewardship, 502 East 9th, Des Moines, Iowa, 50319.  Comments received by April
3, 2017 will be presented to the review committee to assist in prioritizing
projects.



  "The Specialty Crop Block Grant program has been a tremendous benefit to Iowa
and it is important we understand the priorities of the specialty crop producers
as we consider this year's applications," Northey said.  "The public comments
will allow us to hear from all segments of Iowa's specialty crop industries and
give them a means to participate in the decisions surrounding this program."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 814 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2013 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                   Fall, 2013

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        24 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 279

LENGTH: 20278 words

NOTE: URBAN AGRICULTURE & THE MODERN FARM BILL: CULTIVATING PROSPERITY IN
AMERICA'S RUST BELT

NAME: Amy E. Mersol-Barg+

BIO: Copyright © 2014 Amy E. Mersol-Barg.

+ Duke University School of Law, J.D. expected 2014; University of Michigan,
B.A. 2010. Special thanks to Professor Jedediah Purdy for his mentorship
throughout the writing process; to the editors of the Duke Environmental Law &
Policy Forum for their thoughtful comments and careful edits; and to my family
for their unending support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The largest source of federal aid for farming and nutrition assistance is
the Farm Bill, which makes this omnibus legislation an ideal vehicle for
promoting urban agriculture.  ... Even if cities like Detroit are not cultivated
to the fullest extent, urban agriculture is a viable strategy for increasing
food access in blighted communities.  ... In a more equitable federal-state
relationship, the federal government would facilitate urban agriculture by
providing funds, expertise, and flexible programs in which communities could
choose to participate.  ... In this way, urban agriculture is a means to secure
a more equitable federal-state relationship and attain food democracy, which
confirms " the rights of consumers to have more satisfying food choices and
alternatives in the market; the rights of farmers, chefs and marketers to
produce and market foods reflecting their diversity and creative potential; and
our nation's ability to have a food system that promotes good health,
confidence, understanding, and enjoyment as well as economic opportunity." ...
Moreover, the Farm Bill is a suitable means for promoting urban food systems
because the goals of urban agriculture align with the Farm Bill's dual
objectives of aiding farmers and providing nutrition assistance.  ... Expanding
Existing Programs that Promote Urban Agriculture Although few local food
programs apply to urban contexts - and those that do receive minimal funding -
urban communities nationwide are tapping these resources to address problems
hindering the development of urban agriculture.  ... Many urban agriculture
operations qualify as residential/lifestyle farms because urban agriculture
typically occurs on a small scale and is not the primary occupation for most
urban farmers.  ... Similarly, urban agriculture programs cannot fully adopt the
Census Bureau's definition; otherwise, the "urban cluster" designation would
allow areas with 2,500 to 50,000 residents to qualify as both rural and urban
for Farm Bill purposes.  ... Although urban agriculture provides many benefits,
like personal fulfillment, a core goal of the urban agriculture movement is
promoting social equality through improved food access and job creation.

TEXT:
 [*279]

   Introduction

 Photographers from around the world flock to Detroit to document the defunct
Michigan Central Station and other monuments to the city's former prosperity. n1
These images evoke mourning and nostalgia for what the city once was; yet, they
fail to capture Detroit's ongoing vitality. Although the city contains vast
swaths of vacant land, n2 faces steep employment and public health challenges,
n3 and houses a population that is less than half its peak size, n4 Detroit is
gradually adapting to these realities.

   One of the most promising signs of Detroit's renaissance is the development
of the city's food system. n5 Detroit has a rich history of urban agriculture,
n6 and there is growing interest in increasing local food  [*280]  production.
n7 In 2010, for example, "the Garden Resource Program Collaborative engaged more
than 5,000 adults and 10,000 youth in more than 1,200 vegetable gardens, ...
[which] collectively produced more than 160 tons of food." n8 Some of this food
was sold in local farmers' markets such as Eastern Market, which operates six
days per week, receives an estimated 45,000 visitors every Saturday, and sells
about 70,000 tons of fresh produce every year. n9 The immediate surrounding area
features dozens of restaurants and shops that sell locally produced goods and
many galleries that highlight local artists. n10 This vibrant district belies
the conception of Detroit as a barren wasteland.

   In addition to Eastern Market, there are hundreds of food initiatives in
Detroit, n11 thousands more in communities nationwide, n12 and there is
significant grassroots support for expanding these efforts. n13 Although critics
characterize the urban agriculture movement as a temporary solution to food
insecurity, n14 urban agriculture has ancient roots n15 and growing relevance
for struggling communities. In the last century, urban agriculture has become
more prevalent globally in response to food shortages and "political and
economic instability ... ." n16 These motivations are prominent in former
manufacturing hubs in the Northeastern and upper-Midwestern  [*281]  United
States - such as Detroit, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, and Buffalo - collectively
known as America's "rust belt." n17 Rust belt cities feature a shrinking
population and an increasing number of vacant lots and blighted areas. n18 While
food security is a goal of the urban agriculture movement, most urban farming
proponents do not see alimentary self-sufficiency as the ultimate goal. n19
Rather, they envision it as a device for invigorating local economies and
strengthening community bonds while promoting public health and social justice.
n20 Urban agriculture, therefore, is a valuable component of rust belt
revitalization. n21

   Despite the achievements of urban agriculture in cities like Detroit, these
initiatives require federal resources to supplement local efforts. n22 Most
urban farms rely on volunteer labor, donations, and grants because they need
startup capital and cannot subsist solely on farm revenues. n23 Moreover, bank
loans are hard for beginning farmers to secure, municipal funding is scarce in
rust belt cities like Detroit, n24 and state funding is often slated for rural
agricultural projects. n25 Consequently, urban farmers would benefit from
federal farming supports like those available for their rural counterparts.

   The largest source of federal aid for farming and nutrition assistance is
[*282]  the Farm Bill, n26 which makes this omnibus legislation an ideal vehicle
for promoting urban agriculture. Furthermore, Congress revises the Farm Bill
every five to seven years, allowing this legislation to evolve with society's
needs. n27 Although the Farm Bill is associated with supporting rural
communities and subsidizing large agribusiness, n28 recent Farm Bill programs
have been more supportive of local food efforts. There are, however, only a
handful of programs broad enough to include urban agriculture. n29

   This Note argues that the Farm Bill is a credible means for encouraging urban
food systems, and seeks to drive the legislative discussion toward creating a
Farm Bill that expressly promotes urban agriculture. Although there is a wealth
of scholarship detailing the benefits of urban agriculture and recommending
local and state promotional efforts, this Note represents the first
comprehensive discussion of the Farm Bill as a source of support for urban
agriculture.

   Part I discusses the benefits and limitations of urban agriculture. Part II
then surveys the evolution of the Farm Bill - from an emergency provision in the
1930s to the monolithic legislation of the present day - and highlights
challenges that hinder its application to urban contexts. Finally, Part III
presents a vision of a Farm Bill that promotes urban agriculture. First, this
Note recommends expanding existing Farm Bill provisions that support urban
agriculture. Next, it proposes that Congress create a Farm Bill Title dedicated
to urban agriculture, and argues that an essential step toward this goal is
defining key terms that impact eligibility for future urban agriculture
programs. Although this proposal does not address all facets of promoting urban
agriculture through the Farm Bill, this Note seeks to offer a viable framework
for supporting urban food systems within the dominant American agricultural
legislation. n30

[*283]

   I. Urban Agriculture: Benefits and Limitations

 Urban agriculture is an attractive tool for resuscitating rust belt cities
because it exploits abundant city resources: vacant land and a citizenry that
wants a healthier and more fulfilling future. This Part will discuss some of
urban agriculture's benefits, including productive land use and job creation;
public health and food access; community building and personal satisfaction; and
more consumer power in the agricultural marketplace through a more equitable
federal-state partnership. In addition, this Part will address the corresponding
limitations of urban agriculture.

   A. Productive Land Use and Job Creation

 As rust-belt populations continue to shrink, n31 many community groups and city
governments are embracing urban agriculture as a way to put the increasing
number of vacant properties to more productive use. n32 For example, the City of
Cleveland supports urban agriculture as an enduring land-use solution because
"it is unlikely that all of the city's surplus land will be reused for
conventional real estate development in the foreseeable future." n33 Vacant
properties currently burden cities with "nuisance response, inspections,
maintenance and mowing, forgone taxes, and eventual demolition costs"; n34
however, urban agriculture can convert these properties into assets. While
cultivation will likely be one of several approaches to restoring vacant
properties, urban agriculture is an essential strategy because it offers the
benefits of reduced crime, increased food access, and job creation.

    [*284]  First, implementing urban agriculture on vacant property can improve
neighborhood safety. n35 A large proportion of vacant properties in rust-belt
cities are abandoned or blighted n36 - rather than for sale or for lease n37 -
which "influences crime" in these cities n38 because abandoned and blighted
properties are more likely to host crime. For example, "more than 90 percent of
all arson fires [in Buffalo in 2007] ... were in abandoned properties." n39 In
addition, most vacancies in Detroit are in a "belt across the center of the
city, and the eastside neighborhoods in particular," n40 both of which have the
highest city crime rates. n41 Urban agriculture efforts, therefore, often
prioritize areas with high abandonment rates. n42 By transforming blighted lots
into agricultural projects, communities indicate that the area is cared-for and
patrolled, and thus "reroute" criminal activity. n43 Moreover, green space "has
been found to reduce stress, anger and even blood pressure," which can further
reduce crime. n44 Because rampant crime drives people to leave rust belt cities,
n45 addressing this issue is essential to retaining current city residents.

   Second, urban agriculture can generate enough produce on vacant properties to
feed a sizeable portion of a city's population, increasing food access. n46
Low-income neighborhoods with limited access to healthy foods  [*285]  often
contain large tracts of vacant land. n47 By replacing vacant properties with
urban farms, fresh produce would be more readily available to the surrounding
community, increasing food access. n48 This transformation is possible because
urban agriculture can be highly productive. In fact, urban agriculture can
produce higher yields per acre than rural agriculture with "season extenders
such as row covers and hoop houses." n49 Using these methods, urban agriculture
could, for example, produce an estimated seventy-five percent of vegetables and
half of fruits that Detroiters consume annually on just 568 acres n50 of the
estimated 4,848 acres of vacant land in Detroit. n51 To meet recommended
consumption levels, however, farmers would need to cultivate 2,014 acres of
land. n52 Even if cities like Detroit are not cultivated to the fullest extent,
urban agriculture is a viable strategy for increasing food access in blighted
communities.

   However, there are several barriers to cultivating vacant lots, including
poor soil quality and securing land to cultivate. Given the "legacy of
industrial activity" in rust belt cities, soil contamination is a major health
concern. n53 As alternatives to expensive soil remediation, urban farmers
generally use "raised beds, container gardens, and hydroponics to avoid
contaminants." n54 In addition, securing land is a persistent problem for
[*286]  urban farmers. Urban gardens or farms "are typically established on
vacant or abandoned land," which farmers may have permission to lease or use but
do not own outright. n55 Consequently, some urban farmers do not want to heavily
invest in the land. In response, local governments have dedicated vacant land to
urban agriculture through land trusts and easements, n56 and passed ordinances
allowing agricultural activities in residential and business districts. n57

   Third, establishing urban agriculture on vacant properties can create
living-wage jobs for community members, n58 particularly in low-income areas.
n59 Depending on the scale of the operation, jobs can range from cultivation to
processing and distribution. n60 Because most city residents have little to no
agricultural experience, n61 community groups around the country have developed
programs that "build entrepreneurship and job skills ... in agriculture,
culinary arts, and food service." n62 Some urban farms even explicitly set out
to provide "basic jobs skills that will allow [community members] to enter other
job markets." n63 Furthermore, urban farming encourages new business creation.
For example, Detroit's Eastern Market has attracted dozens of vendors that sell
value-added products made from Michigan crops (e.g., pickles and jam), which
accounts for hundreds of new jobs. n64 Although some rust belt city residents -
particularly older  [*287]  people with agrarian roots - are reluctant to grow
crops and others do not have the time or energy to farm, the younger generation
is embracing urban agriculture and the economic possibilities it presents. n65

   A core obstacle to establishing urban agriculture is high operation costs.
For example, a feasibility study determined that a 4.4-acre urban farm in
Youngstown, Ohio with $ 112,000 in annual revenue "would generate ... a net
deficit" after expending $ 38,000 in start up costs and $ 136,500 in annual
operations costs. n66 Even a basic garden requires many inputs - like seeds,
soil, water, tools, and labor - and commercial urban agriculture further
requires distribution - including refrigeration and packaging costs - and a
steady consumer base to remain financially sustainable. n67 To take advantage of
economies of scale, urban farmers often share resources. n68 Farmers also
develop steady customers by directly distributing their goods to corner stores,
or through community-supported agriculture programs or farmers' markets. n69 To
access larger volume markets, like schools and supermarkets, farmers
increasingly work with regional food hubs, which "manage[] the aggregation,
distribution, and marketing" of locally-produced food. n70 Despite these
efforts, financing is still a substantial barrier to expanding urban food
systems.

   B. Public Health and Food Access

 Urban agriculture is most often cited as a means for improving health and food
access. Over the past 30 years, malnutrition and obesity rates have risen
dramatically among children and adults across the United States. n71 Improper
nutrition can impair academic success n72 and obesity is a major factor in
developing chronic health conditions like heart disease, type II  [*288]
diabetes, and asthma. n73 Obesity can also lead to or exacerbate psychological
disorders like depression. n74 Reducing obesity has become a national priority
because poor public health threatens national security, with fewer young people
being fit for military service, n75 and requires expensive treatment. Treatment
for obesity-related conditions costs $ 150 billion annually in the United States
and is expected to more than double by 2018. n76

   The steady increase in malnutrition and obesity is partially attributable to
inadequate access to healthy foods, but the more insidious cause is a cultural
shift toward preferring processed foods and a sedentary lifestyle. n77 While
urban agriculture is not a panacea, cultivating city neighborhoods can increase
access to fresh foods and supply schools with nutritious ingredients while
providing opportunities for children and adults to be more physically active.

   First, urban agriculture is a tool for increasing access to healthy foods in
food insecure neighborhoods. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
defines food security as having "access at all times to enough food for an
active, healthy life for all household members." n78 Unfortunately, about 17.9
million American households are food insecure. n79 This means that millions of
Americans are forced to skip meals, sometimes for an entire day, despite the
abundance of food that America's industrialized food system produces. n80 Food
access problems are more acute in "food deserts" - areas that have few or no
grocery stores that carry affordable and nutritious food. n81 Furthermore,
residents living in a food  [*289]  desert "typically lack the transportation to
make trips easily to stores in other parts of town." n82 As a result, low-income
residents often purchase "unhealthy food in corner stores and liquor stores ...
because of the lack of alternatives." n83

   Many cities, such as Detroit n84 and Cleveland, n85 have identified urban
agriculture as a strategy to increase food security. With an urban agriculture
system, residents can grow food in backyard or community gardens, or purchase
locally produced food from food stands, stores, and farmers' markets. Although
locally produced food usually costs more than heavily subsidized processed food,
n86 state and federal programs are starting to include local foods in nutrition
assistance programs, thereby making them more accessible to those who need them
most. n87 Consumers also get more value by purchasing local produce because
"freshly picked foods ... retain more nutrients than less fresh foods." n88

   Second, urban agriculture can improve healthy eating in schools and serve as
an educational tool to shift eating habits over time. While the federal
government provides low-cost or free school meals to millions of children who
could not otherwise afford them, n89 these programs often reinforce poor health
and eating habits due to lax nutritional standards that classify French fries as
a vegetable. n90 K-12 schools around the country are trying to include local
foods in school lunches and snack bars, rather than the canned and frozen foods
that federal programs subsidize. n91 By engaging with local growers, some
schools have negotiated bulk discounts on seasonal produce in exchange for
committing to purchasing produce consistently. n92 Schools are also
experimenting with incorporating foods  [*290]  from school-sponsored gardens
into lunch menus. Students cultivate these gardens as part of a substantive
course, like health or history, and studies show that students consume more
fruits and vegetables as a result. n93 Increasing the amount of local food also
allows individual schools to gain more control over school menus, which allows
the school to create more culturally appropriate meals. That is to say, meals
students are familiar with and willing to eat. n94

   Third, urban agriculture is an excellent way for children and adults to be
more physically active. Americans are becoming increasingly sedentary as
television, computers, and other devices draw our attention from participating
in athletics and outdoor activities, and there is a direct correlation between
screen time and obesity. n95 Americans, therefore, can improve their health by
replacing screen time with time spent working in a garden, whether at home, in a
neighborhood, or at school. Less obvious is the impact that crime has on
physical activity. In neighborhoods with higher crime-rates, parents often
forbid their children to play outside or walk or bike to school. n96 As
discussed earlier, urban agriculture can improve neighborhood safety by
occupying abandoned properties and increasing an outdoor community presence.
Providing safe, communal green spaces creates opportunities and incentives to go
outside and is thus an initial step toward encouraging physical activity as a
social norm.

   C. Beyond Tangible Benefits: Community Building and the Inherent Value of
Farming

 With the advent of cars, highways, and sophisticated communication systems,
neighbors have become more distant regardless of physical proximity. This is
particularly true in cities where growing numbers of  [*291]  vacant properties
create a physical barrier between residents. n97 Agriculture could fill these
physical gaps, converting deserted properties into shared spaces "where
community members can exchange ideas and discuss community issues and problems."
n98 As humans become more alienated from each other and from the land itself,
urban agriculture presents an opportunity to reverse these trends.

   Because urban agriculture is an umbrella term for numerous farming
activities, an urban food system can facilitate human connections at many
levels. At the production level, for example, neighbors can interact when
sharing a communal gardening space and peers can socialize while planting a
school-sponsored garden. At the distribution level, city residents can connect
with food producers at food stands and farmers' markets. Post-consumption,
consumers - including families, neighborhoods, and businesses - can tend compost
heaps comprised of leftover produce and donate this to agricultural ventures,
which forges another connection between consumers and producers. At their best,
urban food systems reflect and foster community values, "including cooperation,
volunteering, appreciation for diversity and ecological awareness." n99

   Although "community building" is a common refrain among urban agriculture
advocates, the private benefits of farming are often overlooked. n100 Humans
have foraged or tilled the land for millennia, but as communities have become
more urbanized, humans have become more disconnected from the land that
generates their food. n101 There are substantial emotional benefits from farming
that are difficult to quantify. n102 That is to say, urban agriculture provides
benefits more fundamental than income or nutrition. n103 Gardens can provide
respite from chaotic city life,  [*292]  allowing for personal reflection or
simply a quiet moment. n104 More romantic assessments deem cultivation, food
preparation, and hospitality to be "our profoundest calling," which offers
fulfillment and happiness. n105

   Because the substantial worth of developing human relationships and
reconnecting with the land is hard to value, the more easily monetized benefits
of urban agriculture - property values, employment, health, and education -
often take precedence in policy discussions. n106 Regardless, communal and
personal wellbeing are genuine, if intangible, benefits of urban agriculture and
should be part of a holistic dialogue concerning governmental support of urban
agriculture. n107

   D. Increasing Consumer Control Within the American Food System

 Finally, the process of creating urban agriculture systems can increase
consumer control within the American food system. Federal law currently dictates
the character of America's food system n108 and, having chosen industrialized
agriculture, n109 uniformly imposes this system on all communities without
regard for their varying cultural norms, challenges, and aspirations. While
there is a role for federal government in food policymaking, n110 the present
model minimizes food democracy - consumer  [*293]  power in the food marketplace
- and stifles community voices. n111 By contrast, urban agriculture systems
require significant local decision-making because their development implicates
land use, public health, and community development, which are traditionally
within the States' domain. n112 Furthermore, urban agriculture is typically a
grassroots movement stemming from "lack of trust, resentment, and persistent
inequality" in cities with widespread food insecurity and poverty. n113
Promoting urban agriculture and food democracy, therefore, requires a more
equitable relationship between the federal, state, and local governments.

   In a more equitable federal-state relationship, the federal government would
facilitate urban agriculture by providing funds, expertise, and flexible
programs in which communities could choose to participate. n114 States and
localities could then use these federal resources to develop personalized food
systems, which could serve as examples for other communities. n115 Although
viewing states as laboratories for innovation has become axiomatic, n116 this
model functions somewhat differently in the urban agriculture context. Urban
agriculture, by its nature, operates at the local level. So in this
circumstance, states act as laboratories that develop models of local food
systems rather than small-scale versions of nationally  [*294]  applicable
programs.

   Because industrialized agriculture is firmly entrenched in American society,
establishing local food systems, or even "the simple act of planting a garden,"
can be seen as subversive. n117 Engaging in urban agriculture therefore
represents the essence of "dissenting by deciding." n118 This is a species of
"uncooperative federalism," in which states or local governments refuse to
enforce federal policies of which they disapprove. n119 Communities dissent by
deciding when they "express disagreement ... by offering a real-life
instantiation of their views." n120 By demonstrating structures and successes of
local food systems, communities may assuage concerns that federal policymakers
have about backing policies that support urban agriculture and, more important,
funding these policies. n121

   Furthermore, engaging in urban agriculture - a manifestation of dissent by
deciding - promotes democracy in our food system. By rezoning urban areas for
agriculture or requiring the incorporation of more local produce into school
lunch programs, local and state governments - and the citizens they represent -
are collectively demanding alternatives in the American food system. This demand
is amplified when communities nationwide adopt similar policies, which may cause
federal policymakers to take note. In this way, urban agriculture is a means to
secure a more equitable federal-state relationship and attain food democracy,
which confirms



   "[the] rights [of] consumers to have more satisfying food choices and
alternatives in the market; the rights of farmers, chefs and marketers to
produce and market foods reflecting their diversity and creative potential; and
our nation's ability to have a food system that promotes good health,
confidence, understanding, and enjoyment as well as economic opportunity." n122

  [*295]

   II. Evolution of the Farm Bill and its Implications for Promoting Urban
Agriculture

 Since 1933, the federal government has shaped America's food system through
omnibus agricultural legislation known as the Farm Bill. This Part examines the
Farm Bill's evolution over the past 80 years, charting its progress from an
emergency provision to one of the largest pieces of federal legislation. This
Part then considers the challenges of promoting urban agriculture through a bill
that assumes a rural and industrialized agricultural system.

   A. History of the Farm Bill

 Ironically, the first federal food subsidies were emergency provisions
"designed to save small farming in America" from ruin due to a crop surplus that
resulted in rock-bottom prices. n123 Far from achieving this goal, the Farm Bill
has expanded to include fifteen Titles n124 and heavily favors large farming
operations. n125 As concerns over industrialized agriculture have mounted,
Congress has returned some attention to smaller operations. Yet, provisions that
promote urban agriculture operations remain largely absent from current
legislation.

   1. Original Intent. When President Roosevelt signed the first Agricultural
Adjustment Act (AAA) in 1933 as part of his New Deal, he created the legal
framework that continues to shape America's food system. n126 This original Farm
Bill was a response to an "acute economic emergency" n127 during the Great
Depression, caused by huge crop surpluses that depressed market prices and
threatened the livelihood of rural communities across America. n128 Framing this
agricultural crisis as an "economic emergency" strongly influenced subsequent
Farm Bills; even  [*296]  today, "government policy views food foremost as an
economic issue" rather than a nutritional or social justice issue. n129

   Although part of the 1933 Farm Bill was declared unconstitutional in 1936,
n130 the 1938 revision retained the core provisions. Because the public
perceived these policies as successful, there was broad public support for their
renewal. n131 In this way, a piece of emergency legislation became the
cornerstone of American agricultural policy. Congress reauthorizes the Farm Bill
every five to seven years, revising or adding to the original provisions. If
Congress allows the Farm Bill to expire, the law reverts back to the permanent
provisions of the 1938 and 1949 Farm Bills. n132 Therefore, understanding these
provisions is essential to understanding the current legislation.

   The original Farm Bill and amendments throughout the 1930s established two
core policies: providing aid to farmers and providing nutrition assistance.
First, the government aided farmers by stabilizing commodity prices through
supply control mechanisms. For example, the government could purchase surplus
crops when the price of an enumerated commodity threatened to dip too low, n133
and sell those crops when they were less abundant. n134 In addition, the
government could pay farmers to leave fields fallow. n135 These early programs
were also intended to protect small farmers from price manipulation by large
distributors, who could theoretically store non-perishable commodities long-term
and control commodity prices by strategically restricting and flooding the
market with  [*297]  goods. n136

   Second, the USDA provided nutrition assistance by purchasing and
redistributing surplus food to low-income populations. n137 These programs were
initially driven by economic considerations, and improved nutrition was a
positive side effect. n138 During World War II, however, Congress perceived
widespread malnutrition among Americans as a "threat to national security." n139
To address this problem, Congress established an experimental food stamp program
in 1939 n140 and passed the National School Lunch Act in 1946, which provided
for distribution of surplus food to public schools and remains one of the
largest public food assistance programs. n141

   The relationship between the two original Farm Bill policies - farming
supports and nutrition assistance - remains the central tension in Farm Bill. In
the Farm Bill's early days, farmers largely embraced price supports but many
vehemently opposed nutrition programs, viewing them as "shameful charity and a
threat to free markets ... ." n142 This conflict persists, with a largely rural
lobby advocating for increased subsidies and a largely urban lobby pressing for
more nutrition assistance. n143 Although nutrition assistance programs have
greatly expanded, economic considerations still dominate, as they did in 1933.
n144 Consequently, Farm Bill nutrition programs remain subordinate to farming
supports, which is most evident during the appropriations process. n145

   2. "Get Big or Get Out." n146 During the 1970s, there was a tectonic shift in
agricultural policy. Rather than assist small farmers through supply controls,
the Farm Bill awarded subsidies to operations that maximized  [*298]  yields.
n147 Earl Butz, Secretary of Agriculture from 1971 to 1976, is often cited as
the architect of this "free-market" policy. n148 Famously, Butz urged farmers to
plant "fencerow to fencerow" and advised smaller operations to "adapt or die."
n149 Some operations did adapt by taking out huge loans for land and modern
machinery. n150 Many farmers initially profited because a global food crisis
provided an international market for surplus crops, and drought led to higher
domestic prices. n151 However, crop prices crashed in the 1980s and "tens of
thousands" of small farms collapsed with them. n152

   Surviving farms planted even more crops to compensate for low market prices,
and the largest operations thrived because they "were essentially writing the
Farm Bills for their own benefit." n153 For example, large agribusiness created
a market for surplus corn by successfully lobbying for ceiling quotas on
foreign-produced sugar, which made high-fructose corn syrup a cheaper sweetening
option. n154 This gluttony peaked with the 1996 and 2002 Farm Bills. n155 While
the 1996 Farm Bill was intended to reform the subsidy system, it eliminated
remaining supply control provisions and led to market saturation and rock-bottom
crop prices. n156 The government responded with billions of dollars in emergency
bailouts, made permanent in the 2002 Farm Bill, n157 which overwhelmingly helped
"an elite group of mega-farms," processors, and distributors. n158

   To support struggling rural communities, every Farm Bill after 1973  [*299]
includes a Rural Development Title. n159 This Title provides funds for rural
infrastructure - like housing and utilities - and business and community
development. n160 Although most farms in the United States are small or
mid-sized, n161 "nearly 90% of total farm household income comes from off-farm
sources" and farming represents less than eight percent of rural employment.
n162 Recognizing this shift, recent farm bills promote smaller operations
through programs like loans for "microentrepreneurs" and "locally or regionally
produced food products." n163 Congress, however, is struggling to define the
scope of these programs as the physical and cultural boundaries blur between
"rural" and "urban" areas. n164

   3. The Rise of a Food Bill. The Farm Bill is more aptly labeled a "Food
Bill," because it proposes to balance profitable food production with nutrition
assistance. n165 Nutrition assistance has been a Farm Bill policy since the
1930s, but it became firmly entrenched with the passage of the Food Stamp Act of
1977. n166 Food stamps - renamed Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
benefits (SNAP) in 2008 -  n167 provide low-income households with additional
resources to purchase food. SNAP has become the primary nutrition assistance
program and accounts for the majority of Farm Bill spending. n168 But unlike
farm subsidies, which increase independent of market demand, SNAP funding and
participation closely follow the "cycles of economic prosperity and recession in
[*300]  America." n169 Other key Farm Bill nutrition programs provide emergency
food assistance - such as canned foods for food banks -  n170 and additional
financial support to women, infants, and children (WIC). n171

   While these programs have improved food access, they have not necessarily
improved nutrition. SNAP, for example, does not impose dietary requirements.
n172 Furthermore, healthy foods - such as "lean meats, fruits and vegetables,
and whole grains" - are far more expensive than highly processed options and
generally less available in low-income communities. n173 These factors, among
others, cause food assistance beneficiaries to consume less healthy food. n174
This complex problem led nutrition advocates and local food advocates to join
forces in lobbying for policies that encourage healthy eating habits and local
food production. n175

   Due to fierce lobbying and a deep national recession, n176 the 2008 Farm Bill
marked a return to aid for small farmers, increased nutrition assistance, and
enlarged programs supporting local food systems. For example, this Farm Bill
bolstered programs that increase the competitiveness of rural farms, such as
grants for adding value to products through marketing or processing. n177 In
addition, nutrition assistance programs included grants for schools to
incorporate local produce into meals n178 and increased funding for programs
allowing SNAP and WIC participants to use their benefits at farmers' markets.
n179 The 2008 Farm Bill also provided the first substantial funding for grant
programs that encourage local food systems and growing specialty crops, like
fruit, vegetables and nuts. n180

   In 2009, the USDA united the efforts to promote community economic
development, healthy eating, and local agriculture through the Know Your Farmer
Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative. n181 This initiative  [*301]  aims to connect
disparate groups that are working to "strengthen[] local and regional food
systems." n182 While the existence of KYF2 may signify the federal government's
willingness to expand programs that support local food systems, both rural and
urban, KYF2 has no dedicated budget. n183 This indicates that supporting local
food systems - and urban agriculture, by extension - is still a low Farm Bill
priority.

   B. Challenges for Promoting Urban Agriculture Within the Current Farm Bill's
Scheme

 Given Congress's demonstrated flexibility to revise the Farm Bill to meet
current agricultural challenges, the Farm Bill is an ideal vehicle for supplying
federal resources to urban agriculture projects. Certainly, rural agriculture
was the dominant paradigm when the original Farm Bill was passed. Even now,
there is debate over "whether urban agriculture is a "legitimate' issue for
[the] USDA to embrace." n184 However, even Thomas Jefferson, as he espoused the
virtues of the yeoman farmer, "knew that the structure of society would
eventually change. But, he hoped that ... new traditions would emerge to serve
the public good." n185

   Today, the vast majority of Americans live and work in cities. n186
Urbanization and the subsequent depopulation of old industrial cities have
introduced novel social problems and innovations, as discussed in Part I. As a
result, urban agriculture has become prominent and the Farm Bill should evolve
to reflect this shift. Moreover, the Farm Bill is a suitable means for promoting
urban food systems because the goals of urban agriculture align with the Farm
Bill's dual objectives of aiding farmers and providing nutrition assistance.
n187 Nevertheless, urban agriculture advocates face steep challenges to
realizing the Farm Bill's potential, chief among them being (1) the Farm Bill's
overwhelming rural bias and (2) a well-established political machine favoring
large agribusiness.

   1. Rural-orientation. Farm Bill programs primarily apply to rural agriculture
and rural community development. For example, the Farm Bill  [*302]  dedicates
an entire Title to rural development, rather than urban or general development.
Notably, the Rural Development Title contains many programs that aid small or
disadvantaged farmers and explicitly excludes urban areas. n188 Furthermore,
many lending programs - including grants for community facilities and businesses
- are contained in the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. n189 Some
resources are available for non-rural areas, but only if rural residents are the
primary beneficiaries. n190

   In recent years, Congress has added more Farm Bill programs that can benefit
urban agriculture. This is not because Congress explicitly included urban areas;
rather, these programs do not explicitly exclude urban areas. Particularly
helpful programs include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, n191 the
Farmers' Market Promotion Program, n192 and Assistance for Community Food
Projects. n193 However, many programs are already "oversubscribed," likely due
to low funding and stiff competition with rural areas. n194 Furthermore, many
urban farmers may be unaware of these resources or uncertain if they are
eligible because applicable provisions are scattered throughout the Farm Bill
n195 and the Bill does not define "urban." A future Farm Bill could increase
support for urban agriculture by expanding currently applicable programs,
uniting applicable programs under one Title, and clearly defining eligibility.

   2. The Politics of Food. Politics is perhaps the largest hurdle to promoting
urban agriculture through the Farm Bill. Since the 1930s, the farm and nutrition
lobbies have become progressively polarized and powerful. n196 Nutrition
advocates tend to demonize farm subsidies while the agribusiness lobby attacks
nutrition assistance as unjustifiable handouts. Although both groups have
secured hefty Farm Bill programs for their  [*303]  constituents, the interests
of smaller farming operations have been largely ignored. n197 In 2008, small
operations received more Farm Bill aid because hard economic times caused the
interests of the nutrition and local food lobbies to align. n198 It remains to
be seen if the movement to promote small farms and local food systems will
continue under different circumstances. Moreover, amending the Farm Bill to
accommodate urban agriculture may meet greater resistance because it defies the
Farm Bill's rural paradigm and falls outside the traditional mission of both
main lobbying groups.

   Even if Congress approves programs that support urban agriculture, the next
challenge is obtaining funding. There are two phases in creating a new Farm
Bill: Congress first votes to reauthorize existing provisions dating back to the
1930s and to approve proposed legislation, and then allocates funds. n199
Congress grants programs either discretionary or mandatory funding. Then, the
House and Senate Agricultural Appropriations Subcommittees have broad authority
to determine funding priorities. Programs with discretionary funding undergo an
annual appropriations process, while programs with mandatory funding should
receive set funds for the term of the legislation. However, the appropriations
subcommittees may reduce mandatory funding if Congress requires budget cuts to
avert a deficit. n200 In determining which programs to reduce, social safety
nets like WIC benefits are usually among the first programs to be cut while
funding for commodity price supports are maintained or increased. n201
Therefore, urban agriculture advocates must persuade both Congress and the
members of the appropriations subcommittees that strengthening urban food
systems is a national priority.

   III. Envisioning a Farm Bill that Promotes Urban Agriculture

 The movement to promote alternative food systems within the Farm Bill is
gaining steam. Since 1996, every version of the Farm Bill has included more
programs that support local food systems and strengthened those that came
before. During the 2012 Farm Bill discussions, Congress introduced more than a
dozen bills to expand local food programs, n202 some  [*304]  of which
specifically addressed urban agriculture. n203 Furthermore, Senate hearings
concerning local food initiatives attracted witnesses from prominent groups in
rust belt cities who expressly requested funding to promote urban food systems.
n204 To capitalize on this momentum, this Part highlights three existing Farm
Bill programs that promote urban agriculture and suggests improvements. Then,
this Part proposes that Congress create a new Title dedicated to fostering urban
agriculture and, as an essential step toward this goal, assesses definitions for
key terms that impact eligibility for future urban agriculture programs.

   A. Expanding Existing Programs that Promote Urban Agriculture

 Although few local food programs apply to urban contexts - and those that do
receive minimal funding - urban communities nationwide are tapping these
resources to address problems hindering the development of urban agriculture.
Core problems include high operation costs, lack of technical and business
training, and enabling low-income residents to afford locally grown produce.
n205 Three existing programs that allow communities to devise customized
solutions are the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Farmers' Market
Promotion Program, and the Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program.

   1. Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). The SCBGP is intended to
"ensure an abundant and affordable supply" n206 of nutritious fruits,
vegetables, nuts, and flowers. n207 Upon application, the USDA gives specialty
crop block grants directly to States, which in turn distribute competitive
grants to qualifying projects in the State. n208 To qualify, projects  [*305]
must increase the competitiveness of specialty crops through marketing,
research, business planning, or farmer training efforts. n209 The USDA expressly
states that "developing regional and local food systems, and improving food
access in underserviced communities" increase the competitiveness of specialty
crops. n210 Therefore, urban agriculture projects are implicitly eligible for
this program.

   The SCBGP is a vital source of federal support for urban food systems because
it receives more funding than most local food programs, with $ 55 million
annually from 2009 to 2012. n211 Moreover, the SCBGP shares a central goal with
urban agriculture: providing affordable, nutritious foods to "all Americans."
n212 This program is also well suited to the urban agriculture context because
States distribute SCBGP funds, and States are more sensitive to local needs than
the federal government. n213

   In future Farm Bills, Congress should maintain or increase funding for the
SCBGP and redefine the types of projects that qualify for funding. These reforms
are necessary to meet the high demand for SCBGP funds. For example, in 2009
California received $ 65 million in SCBGP applications, four times more than the
State's allotted funds. n214 Furthermore, marketing and research projects have
received most SCBGP funds since the 2008 Farm Bill adopted the program, n215 but
the Farm Bill contains other programs that support those endeavors. n216 The
SCBGP could maximize the impact of its limited funds by focusing on production
and training projects, and extending eligibility to equipment and infrastructure
purchases. This would be a meaningful extension because most Farm Bill  [*306]
infrastructure grants apply only in rural areas. n217

   2. Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP). The FMPP is a competitive grant
program designed "to increase domestic consumption of agricultural commodities
by improving and expanding" direct-to-consumer marketing. n218
Direct-to-consumer marketing includes farmers' markets, roadside stands, and
community-supported agriculture programs. n219 FMPP grants are available to
entities - such as local governments, nonprofit organizations, and agricultural
cooperatives n220 - that support direct-to-consumer marketing through projects
like research, business planning, equipment purchases, or training. n221
However, like SCBGs, FMPP funds cannot be used to buy, build, or improve
buildings. n222

   As funding for the FMPP grows - from $ 3 million in 2008 to $ 10 million in
2011 -  n223 this program is increasing important for urban food systems. FMPP
grants are available for a wide-array of food projects, which encourages
innovation and allows organizations to design programs that suit their
community's needs. The Food Trust in Philadelphia, for example, used FMPP
funding "to develop a new model to process wireless SNAP sales at famers'
markets," n224 which increased access to nutritious food for low-income
community members. In addition, Eastern Market in Detroit, a large farmers'
market and aspiring food hub, used an FMPP grant to create a community network
that connects smaller local producers with a larger customer base. n225 To
encourage these innovative projects, Congress should increase FMPP funding and
expand eligibility to include direct marketing to larger institutions like
schools, grocery stores, and restaurants. This would allow communities to
develop comprehensive food systems and would advance the FMPP's goal of
expanding direct marketing "on an economically sustainable basis." n226

   3. Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program (CFPCGP). The CFPCGP
awards one-time competitive grants to private,  [*307]  nonprofit entities for
community food projects designed to "meet the food needs of low-income people"
and "promote comprehensive responses to local food, farm, and nutrition issues."
n227 The USDA clarified that "urban gardening" may be part of a comprehensive
response, n228 making this a rare Farm Bill program that explicitly applies to
urban agriculture. n229 This program also encourages creative local food
programs, provided that the solution responds to "community identified food
needs." n230 For example, a Philadelphia nonprofit created a "buying club,"
which presented low-income residents with a list of affordable, locally produced
foods that they could pre-order. n231 In addition, grantees may use funds to
purchase or improve land and buildings as well as provide job training, n232 all
of which represent core obstacles to expanding urban food systems. n233

   However, the CFPCGP's funding restrictions and eligibility requirements limit
this program's impact. Since 2009, the CFPCGP has received only $ 5 million in
annual funding. n234 There is great demand for these funds, with only eighteen
percent of applicants receiving grants since the program's inception in 1996.
n235 Furthermore, CFPCGP applicants must provide matching funds up front. n236
For new nonprofits or impoverished communities, generating matching funds can be
a significant barrier to benefiting from the CFPCGP.

   To strengthen this program, Congress should increase funding and eliminate
the matching fund requirement. Nutrition programs received  [*308]
approximately $ 209 billion in the 2008 Farm Bill; n237 because the CFPCGP is a
nutrition program, n238 Congress could allocate a minute fraction of nutrition
funding to bolster this program. Then, the matching fund requirement would
become unnecessary. While this requirement may be intended to ensure that an
applicant is committed to a project, the CFPCGP provides other requirements that
attract dedicated applicants. For instance, grant recipients must have
experience either in community food work or job training and business
development in low-income areas. n239

   B. Toward a Title for Urban Agriculture: Defining Key Terms

 While expanding existing programs is useful in the short term, Congress should
ultimately develop a Farm Bill framework tailored for the urban context. n240
Just as the Farm Bill includes a Title with resources dedicated for rural
development, modern legislation should include a Title that promotes urban
agriculture. Gathering resources in one Title would allow urban agriculture
groups to locate Farm Bill resources more easily, and a new Title would allow
Congress to design programs to meet challenges specific to urban agriculture.
The first step toward creating such a Title, however, is defining the parameters
of urban agriculture. Many key concepts are undefined or inconsistently defined
in the Farm Bill, disputed in academic literature, or evolving as American
demographics shift. Chief among these are "farm," "urban," and "local." In
addition, Congress must define funding priorities to maximize the impact of
increasingly limited resources. n241

    [*309]  1. Defining "Farm." As a threshold matter, designing Farm Bill
programs that support urban agriculture requires considering what constitutes a
"farm." The definition of "farm" can influence the distribution of federal
agriculture funds n242 and has rhetorical influence over the types of operations
viewed as legitimate. Moreover, this definition is malleable, having changed
nine times since 1850. n243 Currently, the USDA defines a farm as "any place
from which $ 1,000 or more of agricultural products were produced and sold, or
normally would have been sold, during the year." n244 The USDA also classifies
farms based on the value of sales and character. Almost 90 percent of American
farms are "small," n245 with gross sales under $ 250,000. n246 Over one-third of
all farms are further classified as "residential/lifestyle farms," n247 so
designated because farming is not the operator's primary occupation. n248 Many
urban agriculture operations qualify as residential/lifestyle farms because
urban agriculture typically occurs on a small scale and is not the primary
occupation for most urban farmers.

   This classification scheme undermines the success of urban agriculture by
suggesting that farms that aim to improve quality of life - rather than maximize
sales - are less legitimate than large, industrialized operations. n249 This
institutional bias against small-scale agriculture is apparent in legislative
proposals that narrow the definition of "farm" by increasing the annual sales
requirement and requiring that operators receive most of their income from
agricultural activities. n250 This revised definition could prevent urban
farmers - particularly beginning and disadvantaged farmers - from receiving
federal farming assistance. n251 One reason for this  [*310]  is that "urban
food production [often] occurs within informal settings, with little or no
monetary exchange, which ... makes it difficult to track and report." n252

   If legislators value urban agriculture beyond potential profits and wish to
support these efforts with federal funds, they must either protect the current
definition of "farm" or carve out exceptions for the urban context. In addition,
legislators should consider reclassifying these operations to reflect their
mission - "supplemental nutrition" farm, for instance. This designation would
stress the social utility of small farms, making it harder to dismiss them as
"hobby enterprises." n253

   2. Defining "Urban." Perhaps the central challenge in developing urban
agriculture programs is determining what qualifies as "urban," as opposed to
"rural." This distinction is crucial because most Farm Bill programs that
support small-scale agriculture are dedicated to rural areas and exclude urban
areas. n254 Common dictionary definitions do not clarify the rural-urban
distinction, but avoid the question altogether by defining one area as the
opposite of the other. n255 A more illuminating approach is to examine how the
Farm Bill defines "rural."

   Farm Bill programs define "rural" as "any area other than ... any urbanized
area," which reflects the United States Census Bureau definition of "rural" as
any area "not included within an urban area." n256 The Census Bureau defines
"urban area" as a "densely settled core of census tracts," and includes adjacent
areas "with low population density [that] link outlying settled territory with
the densely settled core." n257 The Census Bureau then distinguishes between
"urbanized areas," which contain at  [*311]  least 50,000 residents, and "urban
clusters," which contain between 2,500 and 50,000 residents. n258 The Farm Bill
adopts the general 50,000 resident maximum for rural areas, but does not use the
"urban cluster" designation. n259 Instead, the Farm Bill contains a variety of
criteria to distinguish rural and urban areas, including population size,
housing density, and proximity to an urbanized area. n260

   These criteria, however, are becoming less useful as the line between
traditionally "rural" and "urban" blurs, with many communities demonstrating
both rural and urban characteristics. n261 For instance, the proximity
distinction may be of limited use because, "with the exception of the Midwest,
all agriculture is now considered to be urban or urban-influenced, meaning that
it occurs in or near urban metropolitan counties." n262 Moreover, Congress is
plainly struggling to determine what it is to be "rural." Not only did Congress
request a report evaluating possible definitions for "rural," n263 but the
Secretary of Agriculture also has discretion to classify an area as "urban,"
even if it technically qualifies as rural based on population and housing
density, n264 and vice versa. n265 These uncertainties encourage the conclusion
that, within the Farm Bill, "rural in character" n266 is a "subjective state of
mind" rather than a formal designation. n267

   Distinguishing between rural and urban areas is an ongoing challenge. It is
important to recognize that Farm Bill programs intended to promote urban
agriculture cannot adequately define "urban" simply in terms of not being rural.
Similarly, urban agriculture programs cannot fully adopt the Census Bureau's
definition; otherwise, the "urban cluster" designation would allow areas with
2,500 to 50,000 residents to qualify as both rural  [*312]  and urban for Farm
Bill purposes. However the legislature resolves this problem, two trends are
clear: the vast majority of Americans live in urban areas, per the Census Bureau
definition, n268 and many rural areas are becoming urbanized. Consequently,
future urban agriculture programs may be overwhelmed with demand and legislators
must narrow program eligibility to maximize limited resources.

   3. Defining "Local." Urban agriculture currently finds support in Farm Bill
programs that promote local food systems. n269 Because urban agriculture is
community-based, it is inherently a local endeavor. Defining "local," therefore,
may help determine what qualifies as "urban" in the Farm Bill context.
Unfortunately, there is no academic consensus on the definition of "local." n270
But there are many approaches to determining what qualifies as local, such as
defining a radius from the food's origin, using a state's political boundaries,
n271 or using a "foodshed" approach, which allows social relationships to
dictate what is local. n272

   The Farm Bill currently employs arbitrary distinctions to define local: "less
than 400 miles from the origin of the product; or ... the State in which the
product is produced." n273 While these firm guidelines provide certainty, they
were developed for low-density rural communities and may be overbroad in the
urban context. Conversely, a very strict definition may hamper urban food
systems because distributors or producers may be hundreds of miles away, in
another state, or in another country. For example, Detroit's Eastern Market
attracts vendors from both Ohio and Canada. n274 By imposing arbitrary
boundaries, the Farm Bill may restructure these relationships and thus undermine
a central tenet of urban agriculture: community decision-making. n275

   Of the various definitions of local, the foodshed approach aligns best with
the goals of urban agriculture. Generally, foodsheds "describe the flow of food
from producer to consumer" and represent a "geographic area  [*313]  that
supplies" food to a community. n276 Legislators could define a foodshed as both
a flexible radius around a city and a network of community relationships, or
"common food and agricultural interests [connected] through commerce." n277 This
definition allows communities to create complex urban food systems with some
geographic limits. n278 Although this adaptable definition of "local" creates
some uncertainty, the benefits of allowing an urban community to determine the
shape of its food system may outweigh any detrimental effects of this ambiguity.
n279 Moreover, the community relationship requirement may prevent national food
corporations from capitalizing on the popularity of the local label, which is a
common concern.  n280

   4. Prioritizing Low-Income and Food Insecure Areas. To maximize the impact of
urban agriculture program funding, legislators should target communities that
could gain the most from urban agriculture. Although urban agriculture provides
many benefits, like personal fulfillment, a core goal of the urban agriculture
movement is promoting social equality through improved food access and job
creation. n281 Therefore, future Farm Bill programs that support urban
agriculture should meet the needs of underserved groups first.

   This prioritization is also consistent with many existing Farm Bill programs,
including SNAP. n282 Helpfully, SNAP provides characteristics of an "underserved
community" that align with the goals of urban agriculture. n283 These
characteristics include (1) "limited access to affordable, healthy foods," (2)
high rates of disease-related illnesses, (3) high rates of food insecurity, and
(4) "persistent poverty." n284 Legislators should consider adopting these
criteria or using them as guidelines. In particular, "limited access to food" is
more accurate, and less pejorative,  [*314]  terminology than "food desert."
While "food desert" is a term of art, n285 it has adverse rhetorical value. The
label "food desert" may demoralize city residents and erroneously suggest to
outsiders that a city is barren. For example, parts of Detroit face serious food
access problems - both spatial and monetary - but the city also houses over one
hundred grocery stores and dozens of specialty stores, in addition to urban
agriculture efforts. n286 Like the term "lifestyle/residential" farm, "food
desert" does not accurately represent the complexity of urban food systems.

   Conclusion

 The rise of urban agriculture in the United States signifies a collective
demand for more choice in the food we eat and more influence in shaping our food
system. For rust belt cities like Detroit, urban agriculture is also a tool for
developing a fruitful economy based on community needs. While the Farm Bill was
not created to promote urban agriculture, it was similarly not intended to
promote industrialized agriculture or, for that matter, to exist beyond
assisting small farmers during the Great Depression. The Farm Bill has grown
into the premier United States agricultural legislation because it evolves to
meet America's food needs.

   This Note presents a scheme for promoting urban agriculture through the Farm
Bill. In the short-term, Congress should expand existing Farm Bill programs that
promote urban agriculture. But to maximize support for urban agriculture,
Congress should create a Title that is dedicated to this cause. Before taking
this step, however, Congress must define key terms so that urban agriculture can
integrate into the Farm Bill. Although ambiguities are inherent in the terms
"farm", "urban", and "local", this Note demonstrates that more precise
definitions are possible. Defining these terms is a fundamental step toward
creating federal urban agriculture legislation. The next steps are crafting
programs that are flexible enough to meet community needs and determining how
much federal support these programs require. To assist legislators in this task,
future research should quantify the economic and non-economic costs and benefits
of urban agriculture at different scales and in different locations, as well as
the structure, distribution, and viability of current funding sources. The urban
agriculture movement is surviving on a shoestring budget, and Farm Bill
resources may allow it to thrive.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct PromotionGovernmentsAgriculture
& FoodProduct Quality

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Susan Saulny, Seeking a Future for a Symbol of a Grander Past, N.Y. Times,
Mar. 6, 2010, at A1.





n2.  Josh Beniston & Rattan Lal, Improving Soil Quality for Urban Agriculture in
the North Central U.S., in Carbon Sequestration in Urban Ecosystems 281 tbl.15.1
(Rattan Lal & Bruce Augustin eds., 2012) (estimating that Detroit contained over
60,000 vacant parcels in 2011).





n3.  Kami Pothukuchi, Detroit Food Policy Council, The Detroit Food System
Report 2009-2010 5-6 (2011) (reporting 28 percent unemployment in 2009 and adult
obesity rates nearing 40 percent).





n4.  Detroit's population peaked in 1950, with about 1.85 million residents.
Population of the 100 Largest Urban Places: 1950, U.S. Census Bureau (June 15,
1998), http://www.census.gov/population/www/documentation/twps0027/tab18.txt. In
2012, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated Detroit's population as 701,475. State
and County QuickFacts: Detroit (city), Michigan, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/26/2622000.html (last updated Dec. 17,
2013).





n5. " [A] local food system is the network of entities that encompasses
everything about the production and consumption of food, including farms,
distributors, [and] retail stores ... ." New Haven Food Policy Council, A Primer
on Federal, State and Local Policies that Impact School Food 24 (2008).





n6.  For the purposes of this Note, "urban agriculture" encompasses commercial
agriculture, backyard gardens, and community gardens while "urban food system"
is a broader term signifying a network of producers, distributors, and
processors.





n7.  See Patrick Crouch, Taking Root: Just in Time for Growing Season, We Begin
Series on Urban Farming in the D, Model D (Apr. 26, 2011),
http://www.modeldmedia.com/features/ takingroot411.aspx (listing Detroit local
food initiatives and describing their growth).





n8.  Pothukuchi, supra note 3, at 9.





n9.  Ed Deeb, Market History, Detroit Eastern Market,
http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/page.php?p=1&s=58 (last visited Nov. 22,
2013).





n10.  See Detroit Eastern Market Full Business Directory, Detroit Eastern
Market, http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/directory.php?a (last visited Nov.
22, 2013) (listing nearly 100 nearby businesses).





n11.  Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 283.





n12.  Steve Martinez et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Econ. Res. Serv. Report No.
97, Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and Issues, at iii (2010).





n13.  See Daniel Imhoff, Food Fight: The Citizen's Guide to the Next Food and
Farm Bill 177 (2012) (describing the local food movement as a "cultural
phenomenon").





n14.  See, e.g., Richard C. Longworth, Forget Urban Farms. We Need a Wal-Mart.
Wal-Marts in Cities Mean Better Food, Good (Jan. 7, 2011, 11:30 AM),
http://www.good.is/posts/forget-urban-farms-we-need-a-wal-mart/ (criticizing
urban farming as a "symptom of civic catastrophe" that "can't possibly meet
global demand"). For a definition and discussion of food insecurity, see infra
text accompanying notes 78-80.





n15.  Jac Smit, Joe Nasr & Annu Ratta, Urban Agriculture Yesterday and Today, in
Urban Agriculture: Food, Jobs and Sustainable Cities 5 (The Urban Agriculture
Network, Inc. 2001) ("In all parts of the world, ancient civilization developed
urban agriculture systems, devising many innovative ways to produce food and
manage land, water, and other resources efficiently.").





n16.  Id. at 9. For example, urban agriculture improves food security in the
Gaza Strip, where the residents face "high population density," "severe water
shortages," and "significant economic difficulties." Id. at 12-13.





n17.  See Joseph Schilling & Jonathan Logan, Greening the Rust Belt: A Green
Infrastructure Model for Right Sizing America's Shrinking Cities, 74 J. Am.
Planning Ass'n 451, 452 (2008).





n18.  Id.





n19.  See, e.g., Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 284 ("[Urban agriculture],
while far from being a complete solution to [food insecurity], may at least
offer urban populations a reliable, affordable food source and an increased
access to nutrient rich foods."). But see Matthew Dolan, New Detroit Farm Plan
Taking Root, Wall St. J. (July 6, 2012),
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304898 704577479090390757800.html
(advocating industrialized urban agriculture that can account for most, if not
all, of Detroit's food needs).





n20.  Dana May Christensen, Securing the Momentum: Could a Homestead Act Help
Sustain Detroit Urban Agriculture?, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. 241, 241-42 (2011).





n21.  See Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 305 (touting urban agriculture's
ability to "bring beauty, community engagement, improved ecosystem services,
increased access to nutritious foods, and modest economic benefits to city
neighborhoods").





n22.  See Doreen Mende & Philipp Oswalt, Summary, in Detroit: Studies Part 1 5
(Schrumpfende Staedte Working Paper No. III, 2004), available at
http://www.schrumpfende-staedte.de/
fileadmin/shrink/downloads/pdfs/III.1_Studies1.pdf (summarizing a number of
articles that discuss federal resources).





n23.  Sena Christian, A Growing Concern, Earth Island J.,
http://www.earthisland.org /journal/index.php/eij/article/a_growing_concern/
(last visited Nov. 22, 2013) (noting that an urban farm in Sacramento, CA
receives nearly 60 percent of its revenue from private and public grants).





n24.  Elise Hunter, Where Is The Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July 23, 2013 4:58 p.m.),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-d_1_b_363
9850.html.





n25.  E.g., Urban Agriculture: Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Global
Green USA 21 (2012), available at
http://www.globalgreen.org/docs/publication-189-1.012-4 ("The Ohio Department of
Agriculture (ODA) primarily supports rural food production.").





n26.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 16 ("[The USDA] is charged with a dual
mission: support the creation of an abundant food supply, and ensure that all
citizens receive basic nutrition. One of the primary mechanisms for this is ...
the Farm Bill.").





n27.  Id. at 24.





n28.  William S. Eubanks II, The Sustainable Farm Bill: A Proposal for Permanent
Environmental Change, 39 Envtl. L. Rep. 10493, 10509 (2009).





n29.  For example, some states and local governments allow farmers' markets to
accept Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Benefits (SNAP) and provide pathways
for schools to integrate locally grown produce into lunch programs. Martinez et
al., supra note 12, at 39 (describing urban agriculture provisions within the
2008 Farm Act).





n30.  For instance, this Note does not address resource conservation benefits or
undertake a cost-benefit analysis of these proposals.





n31.  The solutions-oriented dialogue around rust belt cities uses the term
"shrinking," which suggests "ongoing decline rather than complete abandonment."
Michelle Wilde Anderson, Dissolving Cities, 121 Yale L.J. 1364, 1431 (2012);
see, e.g., Schilling & Logan, supra note 17, at 451 (proposing adaptation
strategies for "shrinking" cities).





n32.  See, e.g., Detroit Works Project, Policy Audit: Environmental Remediation
and Health 3.3 (Dec. 16, 2010), available at
http://detroitworksproject.com/wp-content/uploads/policy_audits/101217_AECOM_1
_Policy_Audit_Remediation.pdf (identifying urban agriculture as part of its
vacancy strategy); Keith G. Tidball & Marianne Krasny, Community Greening
Scholars Talk Shop, 13 Cmty. Greening Rev. 1, 23-25 (2009) (discussing community
gardens as a positive use for vacant spaces). Urban agriculture is also being
implemented to address vacancy, poverty, and blight in particular sections of
cities that are not shrinking on the whole. See, e.g., Lori Rotenberk, Chicago's
Urban Farm District Could Be the Biggest in the Nation, Grist (Nov. 15, 2012,
8:36 AM),
http://grist.org/food/chicago-urban-ag-farm-district-could-be-the-biggest-in-the
-nation/ (highlighting Chicago's Black Belt neighborhood as an example of an
urban community using urban farming as a renewal method).





n33.  Cleveland Land Lab, Cleveland Urban Design Collaborative, Re-Imagining a
More Sustainable Cleveland 5 (2008) (adopted by the Cleveland City Planning
Commission).





n34.  Nat'l Vacant Props. Campaign, Blueprint Buffalo 3 (2006), available at
http://buffalovacancy.wikispaces.com/file/view/FINAL+Bluep
rintBuffalo+Policy+Brief.pdf.





n35.  Cleveland Land Lab, supra note 33, at 26.





n36.  In Buffalo, for example, a staggering 41.6 percent of vacant properties
were abandoned and blighted based on 2000 census data. Schilling & Logan, supra
note 17, at 452 tbl.1.





n37.  See id. (reporting sharp population decreases with corresponding high
rates of vacant property - much of which is abandoned - in former industrial
hubs, such as Buffalo, Cleveland, and Detroit).





n38.  Id. at 452.





n39.  Joseph Schilling, Buffalo as the Nation's First Living Laboratory for
Reclaiming Vacant Properties, in Cities Growing Smaller 35 (2008).





n40.  Katherine J. A. Colasanti & Michael W. Hamm, Assessing the Local Food
Supply Capacity of Detroit, Michigan, 1 J. Agric., Food Sys., & Cmty. Dev. 41,
48 (2010).





n41.  For a visual representation, compare a map indicating vacancy distribution
in Detroit, Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 48 fig.2, with a map indicating
crime distribution in Detroit, Crime Rates for Detroit, MI, Neighborhood Scout,
http://www.neighborhoodscout.com /mi/detroit/crime/ (last visited Nov. 13,
2012). See also Jeffery Fraser, The Cost of Blight, Pitt. Q. (2011), available
at http://www.pittsburghquarterly.com/index.php/Region/the-cost-of-blight.html
(discussing the connection between rampant vacancy and crime rates in
Pittsburgh, a rust belt city).





n42.  See, e.g., Detroit Works Project, Long-Term Planning: Neighborhoods 3,
available at http://detroitworksproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/
20120808_ElementSummary_Neighborhoods.pdf (naming safety as a high priority for
neighborhood vacancy strategies).





n43.  See Tidball & Krasny, supra note 32, at 10-11 (using a community garden on
previously vacant land to "reroute the path of drug dealers" in Baltimore).





n44.  Katherine H. Brown & Anne Carter, Cmty. Food Sec. Coal., Urban Agriculture
and Community Food Security in the United States: Farming from the City Center
to the Urban Fringe 7 (Anne Carter et al. eds., 2003).





n45.  Schilling, supra note 39, at 33-34.





n46.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 53; see also Beniston & Lal, supra
note 2, at 285 (citing Colasanti & Hamm's estimates with approval).





n47.  Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 284.





n48.  However, the food must be affordable and community members must be willing
to eat healthy foods and know how to prepare healthy meals. Both the government
and non-profits run programs to assist with these dimensions of food access.
E.g., Ctr. for the Study of the Presidency & Cong., SNAP to Health: A Fresh
Approach to Strengthening the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program 42
(2012) [hereinafter SNAP to Health]; Education & Training, Gleaners Cmty. Food
Bank, http://www.gcfb.org/site/PageServer?pagename=pg_edutraining (last visited
Dec. 31, 2012).





n49.  Brown & Carter, supra note 44, at 9. Hoop houses, also known as high
tunnels, are "simple, plastic-covered, tubular steel structures [that] rely
mainly on the sun's energy to warm the soil and air." By protecting crops from
the cold and snow, these structures can extend the growing season from one or
two seasons to four seasons. Ted Blomgren & Tracy Frisch, High Tunnels: Low-Cost
Technology to Increase Yields, Improve Quality and Extend the Season 1 (Univ. of
Vt. Ctr. for Sustainable Agric. 2007), available at
http://www.uvm.edu/<diff>susagctr/Documents/HighTunnels.pdf.





n50.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 51 tb1. 2. For reference, Detroit has
about 1,800 acres of vacants land. Id.





n51.  Kathryn Colasanti, Charlotte Litjens & Michael Hamm, Growing Food in the
City: The Production Potential of Detroit's Vacant Land 3 tbl.1 (2010),
available at http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/sites/default/files/growing
_food_in_the_city.pdf.





n52.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 51 tb1.2.





n53.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 1.1. Most community agriculture
groups test soil for lead and other contaminants before planting. Colasanti &
Hamm, supra note 40, at 52.





n54.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 3.3. These techniques involve
elevating garden beds above the contaminated soil and using clean media, such as
soil, gravel, or compost; planting in containers with clean media; and planting
in mineral-rich water, as with hydroponics. See Bob Hochmuth, Univ. of Fla.,
Non-Traditional Gardens 4, 5, 7, 10, 12, available at
http://highlands.ifas.ufl.edu/pdfs/Non-Traditional_Gardens.pdf (last visited
Nov. 23, 2013). There are currently no federal remediation standards for urban
agriculture, but the EPA has issued interim guidelines for urban farmers and is
developing standards. EPA, Brownfields and Urban Agriculture: Interim Guidelines
for Safe Gardening Practices 16 (2011).





n55.  Allison Hagey, Solana Rice & Rebecca Flournoy, PolicyLink, Growing Urban
Agriculture: Equitable Strategies and Policies for Improving Access to Healthy
Food and Revitalizing Communities 23 (2012), available at
http://www.policylink.org/atf/cf/%7B97c6d565-bb43-406d-a6d5-eca3bbf35af0%7D/URBA
N%20AG_FULLREPORT_WEB2.PDF.





n56.  Id.





n57.  See, e.g., Overview of San Francisco's Urban Agriculture Zoning Ordinance,
S.F. Urb. Agric. Alliance,
http://www.sfuaa.org/uploads/4/8/9/3/4893022/overview_of _sf_urban_ag_zoning
_changes_final.pdf (last visited Mar. 12, 2013) (outlining the ordinance's main
provisions).





n58.  See, e.g., Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 33 (describing an urban farm in
Cleveland that projects adding "30 to 40 living-wage jobs for low-income
community members" that will include affordable benefits).





n59.  Neil D. Hamilton, Moving Toward Food Democracy: Better Food, New Farmers,
and the Myth of Feeding the World, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. 117, 130 (2011).





n60.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 9.





n61.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 129.





n62.  Pothukuchi, supra note 3, at 11.





n63.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 18.





n64.  Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition: Hearing Before
the S. Comm. on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, 112th Cong. 3 (Mar. 7,
2012) [hereinafter Eastern Market Testimony] (statement of Dan Carmody,
President, Eastern Market Corporation), available at
http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/healthy-food-initiatives-local-production-and-
nutrition.





n65.  Colasanti et al., supra note 51, at 10 (reporting that some older
Detroiters were "resistant to returning to the hard labor of hand-tended
agriculture" while younger Detroiters were "more impressionable and open to new
things").





n66.  Global Green USA, supra note 25, at 26, 29. This study found, however,
that the same garden could be profitable by using hoop houses to extend the
growing season. Id.





n67.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 26.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id. at 31.





n70.  James Barham, Debra Tropp, Kathleen Enterline, Jeff Farbman, John Fisk &
Stacia Kiraly, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Regional Food Hub Resource Guide 4 (2012).





n71.  White House Task Force on Childhood Obesity, Solving the Problem of
Childhood Obesity Within a Generation 4 (2010) [hereinafter White House Task
Force] (reporting a 100 percent increase in adult obesity and a 300 percent
increase in childhood obesity since 1980).





n72.  J. Amy Dillard, Sloppy Joe, Slop, Sloppy Joe: How USDA Commodities Dumping
Ruined the National School Lunch Program, 87 Or. L. Rev. 221, 236 (2008).





n73.  White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 6.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id. at 3.





n76.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 109.





n77.  E.g., White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 7. Interestingly, two
studies suggest that "improved access to healthy foods is associated with
healthier dietary choices." Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 46.





n78.  Alisha Coleman-Jensen, Mark Nord, Margaret Andrews & Steven Carlson, U.S.
Dep't of Agric., Household Food Security in the United States in 2011 4 (2012).





n79.  Id. at 4-5 (defining very low food security as at least one household
member having to reduce his or her food intake at some point during the year for
financial reasons).





n80.  FAQs About Agricultural Trade, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.fas.usda.gov/itp/Policy/tradeFAQ.asp (last visited Nov. 12, 2013)
(reporting that "production and production capacity is increasingly faster than
domestic demand" and "one out of three acres are planted for export"); Brown &
Carter, supra note 44, at 4 ("One of the consequences of the economic structure
of the current food system is hunger in the midst of plenty."); David Tracey,
Urban Agriculture: Ideas and Designs for the New Food Revolution 171-72 (2011)
("Hunger is not a problem of quantity: we grow enough food to feed everyone
already. We actually have a surplus. It's a problem of poverty: the poorest
can't afford it. So it's the system that's flawed.").





n81.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Access to Affordable and Nutritious Food: Measuring
and Understanding Food Deserts and Their Consequences 1 (2009).





n82.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 16.





n83.  Erica Giorda, Extreme Environments: Urban Farming, Technological
Disasters, and a Framework for Rethinking Urban Gardening, in Local Food Systems
in Old Industrial Regions 61 n.4 (Neil Reid et al. eds., 2012).





n84.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 3.3.





n85.  Cleveland Land Lab, supra note 33, at 26.





n86.  See Mary Story et al., Creating Health Food and Eating Environments:
Policy and Environmental Approaches, 29 Ann. Rev. Pub. Health 253, 262-63
(2008).





n87.  Prominent federal efforts include the farmers' market nutrition programs
for seniors (SFMNP) and women, infants, and children (WIC). Martinez et al.,
supra note 12, at 36. To facilitate these programs, as of 2009, states may allow
SNAP participants to use their benefits at eligible farmers' markets. Id. at 39.





n88.  Id. at 46.





n89.  New Haven Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 2.





n90.  Id. at 10.





n91.  Ann Cooper Talks School Lunches, TED: Ideas Worth Spreading (Sept. 2008),
http://www.ted.com/talks/ann_cooper_talks_ school_lunches.html.





n92.  See, e.g., Food Policy - Berkeley School District, Inst. for Local
Self-Reliance (Nov. 21, 2008), http://www.ilsr.org/rule/local-food/2046-2/
(using bulk discounts as one means to make local foods more affordable).





n93.  Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 46; White House Task Force, supra note
71, at 44; EPA, Brownfields and Urban Agriculture: Interim Guidelines for Safe
Gardening 1 (2011) ("Kids who garden are more likely to try and like vegetables
and eat more of them, and the combination of the social connection of gardening
with the increased access to fruits and vegetables creates a new norm in
children who continue to make healthier choices.").





n94.  E.g., White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 41 (encouraging the USDA
to "increase local, traditionally appropriate foods in Tribally-controlled
school meal programs, such as bison and salmon").





n95.  Id. at 7. People also tend to snack more while watching television or
playing computer games, so decreasing the amount of time spent on these
activities will likely decrease the amount of unnecessary snacking. Furthermore,
television increases exposure to ads for unhealthy foods, which impacts eating
habits. Id.





n96.  Id. See also Giorda, supra note 83, at 61 ("In some cases, residents
declare they are just too scared to leave the house because of criminal
activities in the neighborhood.").





n97.  Wilde Anderson, supra note 31, at 1430 (recommending green space as a
means for "reducing the social isolation" caused by the patchwork of vacant,
blighted properties). See supra text accompanying notes 35-45 for a discussion
crime, vacant lots, and green spaces.





n98.  Nancy Karanja & Mary Njenga, Feeding the Cities, in State of the World
2011: Innovations that Nourish the Planet (The Worldwatch Institute 2011).





n99.  David Tracey, supra note 80, at 173. This harkens back to an Article from
the pre-20th century Agrarian Creed: "Farming is not only a job but a way of
life." Don Paarlberg & Philip Paarlberg, The Agricultural Revolution of the 20th
Century 6 (1st ed. 2000).





n100.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 145.





N101.  Approximately 60 percent of Americans lived in rural areas in 1900
compared with approximately 15 percent in 2012. Carolyn Dimitri, Anne Effland &
Neilson Conklin, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Bulletin No. 3, The 20th Century
Transformation of U.S. Agriculture and Farm Policy 3 (2005); see State Fact
Sheets, Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/state-fact-sheets/state-data.aspx (last
updated Nov. 6, 2013).





n102.  Laurence H. Tribe, Ways Not to Think About Plastic Trees: New Foundations
for Environmental Law, 83 Yale L.J. 1315, 1317-18 (1974).





n103.  See Agrarianism in American Literature, at xiv (M. Thomas Inge ed., 1969)
("[The farmer] has a sense of identity, a sense of historical and religious
tradition, a feeling of belonging to a concrete family, place, and region, which
are psychologically and culturally beneficial.").





n104.  See White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 61 (finding city residents
with access to green space are better able to cope with stress).





n105.  Wendell Berry, In Distrust of Movements, in In the Presence of Fear:
Three Essays for a Changed World 35, 44 (2001).





n106.  See, e.g., Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No.
108-465, § 2(a)(3), 118 Stat. 3882, 3883 (2004) (emphasizing the "tremendous
health and economic benefits" of specialty crops, which include fruits,
vegetables, and flowers). But see USDA Definition of Specialty Crop, U.S. Agric.
Mktg. Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName =STELPRDC5082113 (last visited
Nov. 22, 2013) (allowing "specialty crop" designation if the crop provides,
inter alia, "aesthetic gratification").





n107.  Susan A. Schneider, A Reconsideration of Agricultural Law: A Call for the
Law of Food, Farming, and Sustainability, 34 Wm. & Mary Envtl. L. & Pol'y Forum
935, 959 (2010) (suggesting a holistic approach to farming policy that creates a
"forum for considerations of ethical issues in food").





n108.  See Margaret Sova McCabe, Reconsidering Federalism and the Farm: Toward
Including Local, State and Regional Voices in America's Food System, 6 J. Food
L. & Pol'y 151, 151 (2010) ("The relationship between our food system and
federalism ... is important simply because federal law controls the American
food system.").





n109.  See Susan A. Schneider, Food, farming, and Sustainability 17 (2011)
("Most agricultural production occurs on large commercial farms that employ an
industrialized model of production.").





n110.  See United States v. Rock Royal Co-op, Inc., 307 U.S. 533, 569 (1939)
(conceding that the federal government may regulate local food markets under the
commerce clause if necessary to protect the interstate commerce of an essential
commodity, like fresh milk); Margaret Sova McCabe, Foodshed Foundations: Law's
Role in Shaping Our Food System's Future, 22 Fordham Envtl. L. Rev. 563, 585
(2011) (identifying international food policy and domestic food safety as
appropriate federal concerns).





n111.  Neil D. Hamilton describes the movement for more power in the food
marketplace - for the rights "to be informed and to have more satisfying food
choices and alternatives" - as the pursuit of "food democracy." Essay - Food
Democracy and the Future of American Values, 9 Drake J. Agric. L. 9, 12-13
(2004).





n112.  Catherine J. LaCroix, Urban Agriculture and Other Green Uses: Remaking
the Shrinking City, 42 The Urban Lawyer 225, 239 (2010). Interestingly, the
Supreme Court held the first Farm Bill to be an unconstitutional intrusion into
the States' domain. United States v. Butler, 297 U.S. 1, 68 (1936) (finding that
the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA) of 1933 "is a statutory plan to regulate
and control agricultural production, a matter beyond the powers delegated to the
federal government"). But just six years later, in Wickard v. Filburn, the Court
held an amended version of the AAA to be a proper exercise of the Commerce
Clause, thus affirming the federal government's ability to regulate both
inter-and intra-state agriculture. 317 U.S. 111, 128-29 (1942).





n113.  Giorda, supra note 83, at 57 (citation omitted).





n114.  In fact, two large Farm Bill programs follow a similar model. Both the
National School Lunch Program and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program are
federally funded and then apportioned by state and local governments. New Haven
Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 5 (NSLP); Martinez et al., supra note 12,
at 39 (SNAP). However, clearly defining the "regulatory scope and enforcement
jurisdiction" of State and local governments and the federal government remains
an ongoing challenge. Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 27.





n115.  A prominent example is the Seattle City Council's Seattle Farm Bill
Principles, which communities around the United States embrace as a general
model for federally sponsored local food systems. Imhoff, supra note 13, at 181,
183.





n116.  New State Ice Co. v. Liebmann, 285 U.S. 262, 311 (1932) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("It is one of the happy accidents of the federal system that a
single courageous state may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory, and
try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the
country.").





n117.  Thomas F. Pawlick, The End of Food 184 (2006); David Tracey, Guerilla
Gardening: A Manualfesto 101-03 (2007) (praising small agricultural acts, or
"guerilla gardening," for their collective impact and ability to gain notice).





n118.  See generally Heather K. Gerken, Dissenting by Deciding, 57 Stan. L. Rev.
1745 (2005).





n119.  Jessica Bulman-Pozen & Heather K. Gerken, Uncooperative Federalism, 118
Yale L.J. 1256, 1256-57 (2009).





n120.  Gerken, supra note 118, at 1748.





n121.  Bulman-Pozen & Gerken, supra note 119, at 1294 ("[A] state can make its
case by putting its ideas into practice, remapping the politics of the
possible.").





n122.  Hamilton, supra note 111, at 12-13.





n123.  Eubanks II, supra note 28, at 10494.





n124.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 contains fifteen Titles: I -
Commodity Programs; II - Conservation; III - Trade; IV - Nutrition; V - Credit;
VI - Rural Development; VII - Research and Related Matters; VIII - Forestry; IX
- Energy; X - Horticulture and Organic Agriculture; XI - Livestock; XII - Crop
Insurance and Disaster Assistance Programs; XIII - Commodity Futures; XIV -
Miscellaneous; and XV - Trade and Tax Provisions. Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat.
1651, 1651-1664 (2008).





n125.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 27 ("The Farm Bill became an engine driving
surplus production of commodity crops and a gravy train for powerful
corporations that purchased and traded them; the rules of the game changed and
the public benefit aspect of its origins derailed.").





n126.  Dimitri et al., supra note 101, at 9.





n127.  Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, Pub. L. No. 73-10, 48 Stat. 31,
Title I (1933).





n128.  Anne B. W. Effland, U.S. Farm Policy: The First 200 Years, in Food,
Farming, and Sustainability 9-10 (Susan A. Schneider ed., 2011).





n129.  McCabe, supra note 108, at 155.





n130.  United States v. Butler, 297 U.S. 1, 68 (1936) (finding Congress exceeded
its authority under the Commerce Clause in enacting the AAA of 1933). See supra
note 112 for discussion of related Commerce Clause issues. To resolve the
legislation's flaws, Congress replaced the unconstitutional tax on processors
with income support payments to farmers in 1936. Jasper Womach, Cong. Research
Serv., OC 97-905, Agriculture: A Glossary of Terms, Programs, and Laws 9
(updated June 16, 2005) available at
http://www.cnie.org/NLE/CRSreports/05jun/97-905.pdf. Congress then replaced the
unconstitutional 1933 farm subsidy policies with the 1938 AAA. Id. at 238.





n131.  Effland, supra note 128, at 10.





n132.  Womach, supra note 130, at 9. Congress has let the Farm Bill has expire
in 1996, 2007, and 2012. To avoid negative impacts on farmers and consumers,
Congress must renew the Bill before the following crop year. J.T. Rushing,
Expiration of Farm Bill Should Have Little Impact on Iowans, The Gazette (Oct.
1, 2012 8:31 AM),
http://thegazette.com/2012/10/01/expiration-of-farm-bill-should-have-little-impa
ct-on-iowans/.





n133.  The commodities included in the 1933 law were wheat, cotton, corn, hogs,
rice, tobacco, and milk. Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, Pub. L. No. 73-10,
§ 11, 48 Stat. 31, 38 (1933).





n134.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 83. The 1996 Farm Bill eliminated price support
mechanisms, but these still "figure in the current debate." Effland, supra note
128, at 9.





n135.  Tom Philpott, A Reflection on the Lasting Legacy of 1970s USDA Secretary
Earl Butz, Grist (Feb. 8, 2008, 1:31 AM),
http://grist.org/article/the-butz-stops-here/.





n136.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 39.





n137.  Womach, supra note 130, at 8-9.





n138.  McCabe, supra note 108, at 155.





n139.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 50. For example, forty percent of draftees were
rejected due to malnutrition. Id.





n140.  Id. at 110 fig.19 (this program ended in 1943 and reemerged in 1964 as
the National Food Stamp Program, but was not included in the Farm Bill until
1977).





n141.  Id. at 50 ("30 million children receive meals every school day."); 42
U.S.C § 1751 (2012).





n142.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 40. Some farmers, for example, poured millions
of gallons of surplus milk into the street rather than see the milk
redistributed. Id.





n143.  Id. at 53.





n144.  See supra text accompanying note 129.





n145.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 32 (observing that food distribution
programs are among the first to receive funding cuts if the appropriations
committee must reduce Farm Bill spending).





n146.  Originally uttered by Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson in the
1950s, this became the slogan of 1970s agricultural policy. James Earl Sherow,
The Grasslands of the United States: An Environmental History 139 (2007).





n147.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 47.





n148.  See, e.g., Richard Goldstein, Earl L. Butz, Secretary Felled by Racial
Remark, Is Dead at 98, N.Y. Times (Feb. 4, 2008), available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/04/washington/04butz.html?
scp=1&sq=earl+butz&st=nyt&_r=0.





n149.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 44.





n150.  See Philpott, supra note 135 (noting that many farmers took out large
loans to expand operations, which was one reason for the demise of many small
and mid-sized farms).





n151.  Id.





n152.  Id.





n153.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 48.





n154.  Tom Philpott, How Cash and Corporate Pressure Pushed Ethanol to the Fore,
Grist (Dec. 7 2006, 7:43 AM), http://grist.org/article/adm1/.





n155.  Between 2002 and 2007, farmers received over $ 72 billion in commodity
subsidies. Ralph M. Chite, Cong. Research Serv., RS22694, Farm Bill Budget and
Costs: 2002 vs. 2007 2 tbl.1 (Jan. 29, 2008), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RS22694.pdf.





n156.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 65.





n157.  Inst. for Agric. & Trade Pol'y, A Fair Farm Bill for America 6 (Ben
Lilliston ed., 2007), available at http://www.iatp.org/files/258_2_97623.pdf.





n158.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 67. Farm subsidies peaked in 2000, at nearly $
25 billion, and have remained above $ 14 billion annually through 2012. See EWG
Farm Subsidy Database, Envtl. Working Grp.,
http://farm.ewg.org/regionsummary.php?fips=00000&statename= theUnitedStates
(last visited Nov. 13, 2013).





n159.  Tadlock Cowan, Cong. Research Serv., RL 31837, An Overview of USDA Rural
Development Programs 1 (May 3, 2010) available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RL31837.pdf.
Initially, these programs were a response to "low incomes and low standards of
living" in rural areas during the first half of the 20th century. Id. They
evolved to help rural farmers compete with large agribusiness. See id. at 6-7.





n160.  Id. at 4.





n161. " Small" farms earn less than $ 40,000 annually whereas "mid-sized" farms
earn $ 40,000 to $ 250,000 annually. These represent about 70 percent and 25
percent of American farms, respectively. Paarlberg & Paarlberg, supra note 99,
at 114.





n162.  Cowan, supra note 159, at 1.





n163.  Id. at 6.





n164.  See Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(b)(1), 122 Stat. 1651, 1933 (2008) (requiring the Secretary to assess
possible definitions of "rural" and their impact on Farm Bill programs).





n165.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 72.





n166.  S. Rep. No. 95-418, at 50 (1977) (committing to "safeguard the health and
well-being of the Nation's population by raising levels of nutrition among
low-income households").





n167.  Food & Nutrition Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., SNAP Name Change 2,
available at http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/outreach/pdfs/toolkit/2011/
Community/Basics/SNAP_name.pdf (last visited Jan. 7, 2013) (intending to stress
the nutritional mission and reduce social stigma).





n168.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 53. The 2008 Farm Bill authorized $ 307 billion
in total spending, with $ 209 billion dedicated for all nutrition programs. Farm
Bill Cost Estimate, Cong. Budget Office (May 13, 2008),
http://www.cbo.gov/publication/24782.





n169.  SNAP to Health, supra note 48, at 12.





n170.  Food & Nutrition Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., The Emergency Food
Assistance Program 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/pfs-tefap.pdf; see also The
Emergency Food Assistance Program, 7 U.S.C.§§1721-26 (2008).





n171.  Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children,
42 U.S.C. § 1786 (2008).





n172.  SNAP to Health, supra note 48, at 1.





n173.  Id. at 15-16.





n174.  Id. at 7.





n175.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 72.





n176.  Id.





n177.  Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 38.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id. at 36-37.





n180.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 73 (Farmers' Market Promotion Program and
Specialty Crop Block Grants).





n181.  Id. at 179.





n182.  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food - Our Mission, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_M ISSION (last updated
Aug. 19, 2013).





n183.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 179.





n184.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 130.





n185.  William P. Browne et al., Sacred Cows and Hot Potatoes: Agrarian Myths in
Agricultural Policy, in Food, Farming, and Sustainability: Readings in
Agricultural Law 13 (Susan A. Schneider ed., 2010).





n186.  In 2012, approximately 15 percent of Americans lived in rural areas. See
State Fact Sheets, supra note 101.





n187.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 42.





n188.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a)(13)(A)(ii), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931 (2008) (defining rural as "any area
other than ... any urbanized area").





n189.  Pub. L. 87-128, 75 Stat. 294 (2011) (emphasis added).





n190.  See, e.g., id. § 310B(g)(6)(A)(i)-(ii), 75 Stat. at 335 ("The primary
benefit of the loan guarantee will be to provide employment for residents of a
rural area.").





n191.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 10109,
122 Stat.1651, 2100 (2008).





n192.  Id. § 10106, 122 Stat. at 2098.





n193.  Id. § 4402, 122 Stat. at 1896.





n194.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 36. Rural areas received nearly 8-times
more federal agricultural funding than urban areas in 2010. See State Fact
Sheets, supra note 101. There could be many reasons for this, including more
applicants and larger projects in rural areas.





n195.  See Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 36 (calling for "greater coordination
of urban agriculture opportunities across programs").





n196.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 35 fig.5 (depicting the steady escalation
in spending for Farm Bill lobbying, with $ 140 million being spent in 2008).





n197.  See Paarlberg & Paarlberg, supra note 99, at 115 (observing that small
farmers "are claimed as constituents by politicians, but rarely are they
recipients of political favors").





n198.  See supra text accompanying notes 176-180.





n199.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 32.





n200.  Id. at 33.





n201.  Id. at 32.





n202.  See generally Search Bills in Congress, Govtrack.us,
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/browse?congress=112#similar
_to=H.R.4351%2F112 (last visited Nov. 23, 2013).





n203.  E.g., Let's Grow Act of 2012, H.R. 4351, 112th Cong. §§302, 366(b) (2012)
(authorizing grants to convert "abandoned or foreclosed property to urban
agriculture uses" and requiring "an urban entrepreneurship and microenterprise
program," inter alia).





n204.  See generally Eastern Market Testimony, supra note 64 (Detroit, MI);
Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition: Hearing Before the S.
Comm. On Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, 112th Cong. 3 (Mar. 7, 2012)
(statement of John Weidman, Deputy Executive Director, The Food Trust),
available at
http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/healthy-food-initiatives-local-production-and-
nutrition (Philadelphia, PA) [hereinafter Food Trust Testimony].





n205.  See supra Part I.A-B.





n206.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-465, 118
Stat. 3882, 3882 (2004). Congress incorporated this Act into the 2008 Farm Bill.
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 10109, 122
Stat.1651, 2100 (2008).





n207.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act § 3(1), 118 Stat. at 3883.





n208.  Specialty Crop Block Grant Program - Farm Bill, Agric. Mktg. Serv., U.S.
Dep't of Agric., http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?templa
te=TemplateN&navID=SpecialtyCropBlockGrant0Program&righ
tNav1=SpecialtyCropBlockGrant0Program&topNav=&leftNav=C
ommodityAreas&page=SCBGP&resultType (last updated Nov. 1, 2013).





n209.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n210.  Specialty Crop Block Grant Program - Farm Bill, supra note 208.





n211.  Farm Bill Budget Visualizer, Johns Hopkins Ctr. for a Livable Future,
http://www.jhu.edu/farmbillvisualizer/ (last visited Jan. 6, 2013).





n212.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-465, §
2(a)(2), 118 Stat. 3882, 3882 (2004). See generally supra Part I. B.





n213.  See supra Part I.D (advocating a federal-state relationship that values
community self-determination in developing local food systems).





n214.  Kari Hamerschlag, Making a Good Farm Bill Program Better: Specialty Crop
Grants in California, Civileats.com (Nov. 1, 2012),
http://civileats.com/2012/11/01/making-a-good-farm-bill-program-better-
specialty-crop-grants-in-california- 2/.





n215.  See Agric. Mktg. Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Fiscal Year 2011
Description of Funded Projects (2011), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5093992 (accounting for
33 percent and 15 percent of SCBGs, respectively).





n216.  For example, the Specialty Crop Research Initiative received $ 50 million
annually from 2010 to 2012. Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L.
No. 110-246, § 7311, 122 Stat. 1651, 2006 (2008); Farm Bill Budget Visualizer,
supra note 211. See also Hamerschlag, supra note 214 (suggesting that private
grower associations should support marketing efforts).





n217.  E.g., Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6028, 122 Stat. 1651, 1944-55 (2008).





n218.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(b)(1)(A) (2012).





n219.  Id.





n220.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(c).





n221.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n222.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(b)(2).





n223.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n224.  Food Trust Testimony, supra note 204, at 1.





n225.  Eastern Market Testimony, supra note 64, at 3.





n226.  7 U.S.C. § 3001.





n227.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Community Food
Projects Competitive Grants Program: FY 2011 Request for Applicants 22,
available at http://www.nifa.usda.gov/funding/rfas/pdfs/11_community_foods.pdf.





n228.  Id. at 7





n229.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(3) (defining "underserved community" to include "an
urban or rural community").





n230.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227, at 7.





n231.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Increasing Eastern
North Philadelphia Community's Access to Locally Grown Food through CSA,
Farmer's Market, Corner Stores and Buying Club, Current Research Info. Sys.,
http://cris.nifa.usda.gov/cgi-bin/starfinder/0?path=fastlink1.txt&id=anon&pass=&
s earch=R=46766&format=WEBLINK (last visited Nov. 22, 2013).





n232.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227, at 7.





n233.  See supra Part I.A (describing high operation costs, lack of land
ownership, and lack of training as core obstacles).





n234.  Farm Bill Budget Visualizer, supra note 211.





n235.  Hunger and Food Security: Community Food Projects Competitive Grants,
Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/nea/food/in_focus/hunger_ if_ competitive.html (last
updated Mar. 18, 2009).





n236.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227 at 11. Either public or
private entities can donate these funds. Id.





n237.  Farm Bill Cost Estimate, supra note 168.





n238.  Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, § 401(h), 110 Stat. 888, 1027 (1996) (amending the Food Stamp Act of
1977 to include the Assistance for Community Food Projects program).





n239.  See Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227 at 11.





n240.  In 2012, Ohio Congresswoman Marcia Fudge introduced a bill that included
a Title for Sustainable Urban Agriculture. Let's Grow Act of 2012, H.R. 4351,
112th Cong. (2012). This bill, however, did not pass into law and suffered from
definitional ambiguities and inconsistencies. For example, the bill defines
"urban area" in two ways, using both the Census definition and the vague "urban
in character" standard from existing farm bills. Id.§§305(e)(1)(A), 366(a)(12).





n241.  With mounting federal debt, the Farm Bill has become particularly
budget-conscious. See Press Release, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack,
Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Priorities for the 2012 Farm Bill (Oct. 24,
2011), http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid
=2011/10/0458.xml&printable=true&contentidonly=true (emphasizing the need to
prioritize because "there will be considerably less funding" for the Farm Bill);
Kaitlin Durbin, Agriculture Official: Farm Bill Necessary, Bucyrus
Telegraph-Forum (Oct. 22, 2012), http://www.bucyrustelegraphforum
.com/article/20121022/NEWS01/210220313/Agriculture-official-Farm-bill-necessary?
odyssey= nav<abval1>head (reporting the Senate version of the 2012 Farm Bill cut
spending by $ 23 billion while the House version suggested $ 184 billion in
cuts).





n242.  Erik J. O'Donoghue et al., Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
Bull. No. 49, Exploring Alternative Farm Definitions: Implications for
Agricultural Statistics and Program Eligibility 2 (2009), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/160912/eib49.pdf.





n243.  Nat'l Agric. Statistics Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farms, Land in
Farms, and Livestock Operations: 2011 Summary 21 (2012).





n244.  Id.





n245.  See Demographics, U.S. Envtl. Prot. Agency,
http://www.epa.gov/oecaagct/ag101/ demographics.html (last updated April 15,
2013) (classifying 87.3 percent of all farms as "small", based on annual
revenue).





n246.  Farm Household Well-being: Glossary, Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of
Agric.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/farm-household-well-being/glossary.a
spx (last updated Aug. 27, 2013).





n247.  Demographics, supra note 245.





n248.  Farm Household Well-being: Glossary, supra note 246.





n249.  See Hamilton, supra note 59, at 133 ("The messages sent by using the
value-laden and pejorative label "residential/lifestyle farm' ... are that these
farms are less important than others and the farmers less deserving of attention
... .").





n250.  O'Donoghue et al., supra note 242, at 3.





n251.  Id. at 17.





n252.  Peleg Kremer, Tracy L. DeLiberty & Yda Schreuder, Defining Local Food
Systems, in Local Food Systems in Old Industrial Regions 147, 150 (Neil Reid et
al. eds., 2012) (internal citation omitted).





n253.  O'Donoghue et al., supra note 242, at 3.





n254.  See supra Part II.B.1.





n255.  E.g., Rural Definition, Oxford English Dictionary Online,
http://www.oed.com.proxy.lib.duke.edu/view/Entry/168989?redirec tedFrom=rural
(last visited Jan. 5, 2013) (defining "rural" as "of the country as opposed to a
town or city"); Urban Definition, Oxford English Dictionary Online,
http://www.oed.com.proxy.lib.duke.edu/view/Entry/220386? redirectedFrom=urban
(last visited Jan. 5, 2013) (defining "urban" as "characteristic of, a town or
city, ... as opposed to the countryside").





n256.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931-33 (2008); Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural
Classification and Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Jan. 6,
2013).





n257.  Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and Urban Area
Criteria, supra note 256.





n258.  Id.





n259.  See Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931-33 (2008).





n260.  Id.





n261.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 178 ("Current Farm Bill definitions around
rural development pose funding limitations for counties that have both dense
urban populations as well as a balanced rural sector capable of diversified
local food production.").





n262.  Brown & Carter, supra note 44, at 3.





n263.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(b)(1), (b)(3), 122 Stat. 1651, 1933-34 (2008) (requesting a report that
"assesses the various definitions of "rural' and "rural area' ... [and] makes
recommendations for ways to better target funds").





n264.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(F)(ii) (2012).





n265.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(D)(ii).





n266.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(D).





n267.  Louise Reynnells & Patricia LaCaille Johnson, What Is Rural?, Rural Info.
Ctr., Nat'l Agric. Library, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.nal.usda.gov/ric/ricpubs/what_is_rural .shtml (last updated July 16,
2013).





n268.  Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and Urban Area
Criteria, supra note 256 (reporting that 80.7 percent of Americans live in urban
areas).





n269.  See supra Part III.A.





n270.  Jeanette Eckert & Sujata Shetty, Urban Food Deserts: Policy Issues,
Access, and Planning for a Community Food System, in Local Food Systems in Old
Industrial Regions 115, 123 (Neil Reid et al. eds., 2012).





n271.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 6015,
122 Stat. 1651, 1929 (2008).





n272.  Kremer et al., supra note 252, at 147-48.





n273.  § 6015, 122 Stat. at 1929.





n274.  Detroit E. Mkt., http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/ (last visited Jan.
6, 2013).





n275.  See supra text accompanying note 112.





n276.  Local Foodshed Mapping Tool for New York State, Dep't of Crop & Soil
Sci., Cornell Univ.,
http://css.cals.cornell.edu/cals/css/extension/foodshed-mapping.cfm#foodshed
(last visited Jan. 7, 2013).





n277.  Foodshed, Field Guide to the New Am. Foodshed,
http://foodshedguide.org/foodshed/ (last visited Jan. 11, 2013).





n278.  See New Haven Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 24 (defining "food
system").





n279.  Kremer et al., supra note 252, at 164-65.





n280.  James T. Hathaway, Benchmarking Local Food Systems in Older Industrial
Regions, in Local Food Systems in Old Industrial Regions 93, 108 (Neil Reid et
al. eds., 2012).





n281.  See supra text accompanying note 20.





n282.  E.g., 7 U.S.C. § 1985(c)(1)(B) (2012) (prioritizing "beginning farmers or
ranchers" and "socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers"); Food, Energy, and
Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §§14001-13, 122 Stat. 1651,
2204-15 (2008).





n283.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(3) (2012).





n284.  Id.





n285.  See generally U.S. Dep't of Agric., supra note 81.





n286.  Danny Devries & Robbie Linn, Food for Thought: Addressing Detroit's Food
Desert Myth, Data Driven Detroit (Sept. 8, 2011),
http://newsletter.datadrivendetroit.org/2011/09/08/food-for-thought-addressing-d
etroit's-food-desert-myth/.


                              24 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $1.1 Million Federal Funding for Specialty
Crop Research, Safety and Promotion

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $1.1 million in federal funding through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to further the research, safety and promotion
of specialty crops in New York State.  The Specialty Crop Block Grant program,
administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,
includes fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, hops, and nursery crops, and works
to enhance the competitiveness of New York farms by forming new partnerships to
create innovations in agriculture that benefit the state's economy.

"New York's agricultural sector offers a diverse array of specialty crops as
part of an already robust and thriving industry that has grown continually over
the past three years," Governor Cuomo said. "This $1.1 million will help local
farmers across the state expand and provide valuable information to benefit our
ever evolving agro-food industry, and spread the word on New York products
nationwide."

Funding is being provided through the Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of
2004 (amended under the federal 2014 Farm Bill), which authorizes the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to provide state assistance for specialty crop
competitiveness programs. The New York State Department of Agriculture and
Markets is soliciting proposals that solely enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops and benefit the greatest number of beneficiaries in one of three
priority areas. These include research and grower education, food safety,
marketing and promotion.

Acting State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "Farmers are some of
the greatest innovators in the entire world, but many of these innovations
cannot be brought to light without strong research behind them. As a farmer of
specialty crops, I know firsthand how invaluable the Specialty Crop Block Grant
program is in helping farmers enhance their operations."

United States Senator Kirsten Gillibrand said, "New York is home to many fruits
and vegetable farms that have historically been overlooked in federal farm
funding. Specialty crops face different opportunities, but also challenges. In
the 2014 Farm Bill, I secured additional funding for the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program which will help farmers innovate new markets, seed varieties, pest
control techniques, and farming methods. Our New York farmers will now be able
to enhance the competitiveness of their crops and strengthen our agricultural
economy."

Congresswoman Nita Lowey said, "New York produces a wide variety of specialty
crops that not only support the economic growth of our rural communities but
also ensure that New Yorkers throughout our state have access to fresh, locally
grown fruits and vegetables that provide healthy and delicious options for a
well-balanced diet. As the Ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations
Committee, I will fight for the Specialty Crop Block Grant and other initiatives
that support our specialty crop farmers in New York."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "As a member of the House Agriculture Committee,
I am proud to advocate for funding to support specialty crop research that
provides real benefits to New York orchards, fruit farms, and vegetable growers.
These operations are a major component of our economy and critical sources of
healthful, local food. Having fought to preserve research funding in the new
Farm Bill, I am grateful to the state Department of Agriculture and Markets for
connecting New York farmers to this important programming."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Delivering on a historic farm bill was
one of my top priorities because it gets results for the hardworking Hudson
Valley farmers who create thousands of local jobs, pump hundreds of millions
into our economy, and provide healthy fresh food for our schools and families.
After the last Congress jeopardized this important program, I'm proud we renewed
this investment in the farmers who drive the Hudson Valley economy."

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Funds to boost specialty crops

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


Sept. 21--The Arizona Department of Agriculture has been awarded a $1.175
million block grant to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops such as
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts and nursery crops.

The grant will help fund 17 projects in Arizona, many of which will benefit the
Yuma-area agriculture industry and local growers.

Among them is a grant to help fund the Southwest Ag Summit. Others will support
research pertaining to the area's produce industry while still others deal with
food safety and efforts to boost consumption of Arizona-grown fresh vegetables
and fruits.

Arizona's grant is among 54 totaling approximately $55 million awarded by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. The awards were announced by Deputy Agriculture
Secretary Kathleen Merrigan at the National Association of State Departments of
Agriculture annual meeting.

"We are pleased to support diverse efforts to help specialty crop growers market
their products in a global marketplace and encourage all Americans to increase
their fruit and vegetable consumption," said Merrigan. "These grants are
instrumental in helping specialty crop growers tackle the issues they are facing
today."

The 54 grants will fund 827 projects nationwide, a 10 percent increase over last
year. This supports the competitiveness of specialty crops and America's
specialty crop farmers.

The block grants benefit consumers as well. For example, one block grant
recipient is partnering with a university to determine if E. coli 0157:H7 can be
transferred by dust or wind from cattle production areas to leafy green produce
crops.

Through the grant program, administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service,
USDA says it is committed to increasing nutrition knowledge and consumption of
specialty crops; improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution
systems; assisting in developing good growing, handling and manufacturing
practices; investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes; enhancing food safety; developing
improved seed varieties; pest and disease control; development of organic and
sustainable production practices; increasing the marketability of specialty crop
farmers; developing local and regional food systems; and improving food access
in underserved communities.

The 17 Arizona projects include:

--Partner with University of Arizona to develop a new lettuce ice forecast
system for Yuma County lettuce growers.

--Partner with Yuma Fresh Vegetable Association to conduct and market the 2011
Southwest Ag Summit.

--Partner with the UA Yuma Agricultural Center to evaluate and improve the
irrigation/chemigation performance of sprinkler systems used for season-long
vegetable production.

--Partner with the UA to determine the extent and impact of soil compaction in
Medjool date orchards.

--Provide cost share assistance to fresh fruit and vegetable producers and
distributors who become certified in good agricultural and handling practices.

--Update and reproduce a reference guide to educate consumers about Arizona
produce and nursery plants.

--Partner with the Arizona Nursery Association to promote the production, sale
and use of Arizona-grown, regionally adapted landscape plants and trees.

--Create a trade-show display to promote the Arizona Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program.

--Partner with the UA Cooperative Extension Service to implement USDA Good
Agricultural Practices/Good Handling Practices training for Arizona specialty
crop producers.

--Partner with the UA to provide management recommendations for iceberg lettuce,
romaine lettuce, broccoli, cabbage and carrot growers.

--Partner with the UA Vegetable IPM Team to enhance vegetable integrated pest
management education.

--Partner with the UA to investigate the potential use of various compounds as
potential bird repellents for lettuce seedling protection.

--Partner with the UA to evaluate newly registered pre-emergence herbicides.

--Partner with the UA to maximize control of lettuce drop.

--Partner with the UA Arizona Pest Management Center to support vegetable pest
management research, education and pesticide registration.

--Partner with the UA to develop a model for generating new IPM guidelines for
the control of cucurbit yellow stunting disorder virus in melons

--Administer and monitor the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100921-YZ-Funds-to-boost-specialty-crops-0921-20100921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              26 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2017 Friday

Kansas Department of Agriculture Announces Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: New York



 Topeka:   Department of Agriculture, The state of Kansas has issued the
following news release:



   The Kansas Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the 2017
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Funds for the program are awarded to the
agency by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service.





 The Kansas Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the 2017
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Funds for the program are awarded to the
agency by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service.
The funds are in turn granted to projects and organizations that work to improve
the specialty crop industry.



 The purpose of the specialty crop program is to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops. Specialty crops are defined by the USDA as "fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including
floriculture." This opportunity supports the KDA's mission of providing an
environment that enhances and encourages economic growth of the agriculture
industry in Kansas.



 The Agricultural Marketing Service reviews each application. Approved states
receive an estimated base amount plus an amount based on the average of the most
recent available value of specialty crop cash receipts and the acreage of
specialty crop production in the state. In 2016, Kansas received $283,492.76 for
the grant program. In 2017 it is expected that Kansas will receive approximately
$295,000.00.



 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program applications will be evaluated by a team of
external reviewers. The team will rate proposals on their ability to
successfully promote specialty crops in Kansas and make a positive impact on the
Kansas economy. Those recommendations will be submitted to the Kansas Secretary
of Agriculture, who will make the final awards.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 2014 University of Oregon
                               Oregon Law Review

                                      2014

                               Oregon Law Review

                               93 Or. L. Rev. 91

LENGTH: 28091 words

Article: The Farmer in Chief: Obama's Local Food Legacy

NAME: SARAH J. MORATH*

BIO: * Associate Professor of Legal Writing, University of Akron School of Law;
B.A., Vassar College; M.E.S., Yale University School of Forestry and
Environmental Studies; J.D., University of Montana School of Law. Special thanks
to Susan Schneider and Wilson Huhn for reading and commenting on earlier drafts
of this Article. Thanks also to members of the University of Akron School of Law
faculty and Wayne State University Law School faculty for their meaningful
feedback. This Article is dedicated to my favorite local farmer: my sister,
Emily.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The Article ultimately finds that President Obama has been successful in
including local food in federal legislation and policy discussions involving
nutrition, food safety, and economic development, increasing awareness of the
benefits of local food production and consumption, and increasing consumer
access to local food.  ... In 1994, the first year the USDA began gathering
information on farmers markets, there were approximately 1755 farmers markets
listed in the National Directory of Farmers Markets.  ... He supported capping
subsidies to mega-farms, while Senator John McCain "opposed policies that would
help family farms stay in business." ... From the $ 3.5 million, applicants are
eligible for grants up to $ 100,000 to fund programs that bring locally produced
foods to school cafeterias.  ... Of the remaining farmers, fourteen farmers
(25.45%) approved of the act, four farmers (7.5%) had a neutral perception of
the act, three farmers (5.6%) strongly approved of the act, two farmers (3.7%)
disapproved of this act, and one farmer (1.8%) strongly disapproved.  ... The
2008 Farm Bill, which was enacted over President Bush's veto and just prior to
President Obama's election, included new and renewed agricultural subsidies for
farmers; new nutrition programs including increased funding for states to
provide specialty crops; new initiatives to help beginning and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; new programs and funding for organic crops;
and increased funding for food stamps, research grants, and the production of
renewable fuel sources.  ... Overview One recent marker bill proposed changes to
several programs in the farm bill to enhance support for local and regional food
production and farming systems.  ... Although Vilsack had a reputation of being
a "friend" to corporate agriculture and ethanol producers, Jerry DeWitt,
director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State
University, "honestly believed Vilsack will listen to a broad sense of voices."
... Although promoting locally grown produce is not the focus of this campaign,
it does play a role in providing access to healthy, affordable foods.  ... Tom
Vilsack (Secretary of the USDA) Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove
Strongly Disapprove 6.

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract

 As criticism over America's food policy has grown, n1 many scholars have
offered suggestions for reform. n2 Complementing this body of scholarship, this
Article identifies and assesses recent changes to federal laws and policies as
they affect "local food" and describes local farmers' awareness of and reaction
to these changes. n3 These changes and the farmers' responses show greater
recognition of local food by President Barack Obama and the federal government
in three ways: increased inclusion of local food in legislation and policy
discussions; increased awareness of the benefits of local food production and
consumption; and increased consumer access to local food. But the farmers'
responses also highlight areas where improvements can be made. Specifically,
farmers need to be better informed about funding opportunities, and funding
opportunities need to be available to a greater number of farmers.


TEXT:
 [*93]  Introduction

 It might seem odd to suggest that a president can have a food legacy,
particularly a local food legacy. After all, the president sets the agenda for
seemingly more important matters such as economic and foreign policy, not the
dinner menu. The federal government, however, has been influencing Americans'
diet through its agricultural policy for some time. n4 Over the last thirty
years, these  [*94]  policies have promoted the production of commodity crops
like corn and wheat, which are produced in massive quantities, over the
production of specialty crops grown on a smaller scale. n5 Commodity crop corn
is not the corn on the cob found at a summer barbecue. Rather, the corn grown at
an industrialized farm is typically refined, modified, and changed into
cornstarch, corn oil, and corn syrup, products that have been linked to a myriad
of health problems including obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. n6

   In part because of these growing health concerns, scholars have advocated for
the federal government, including the president, to shift focus away from
agribusiness toward farming practices done in a smaller, sustainable manner. n7
This would include the production and consumption of local food. n8 Federal
support for local food policy could be exhibited by providing financial and
programmatic support to local entities, n9 expanding the scope of federal food
policy discussions, n10 and promoting the production and consumption of local
food through federal exemptions and programs. n11

   Food advocates have also sought to engage national leaders, including the
president, in food policy discussions. One such example is Michael Pollan,
author of The New York Times bestsellers The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural
History of Four Meals and In  [*95]  Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto. n12
One month before the 2008 presidential election, The New York Times Magazine
published Pollan's thirteen-and-a-half page letter to the yet-to-be-elected
"Farmer in Chief." n13 In this letter, Pollan points out to the future president
that "among the issues that will occupy much of your time in the coming years is
one you barely mentioned during the campaign: food." n14 He warns that in order
to address pressing issues like health care, energy independence, and climate
change, reforming "the entire food system [must be] one of the highest
priorities of [the president's] administration." n15 Pollan recommends, among
other things, that the future president appoint a White House Farmer to "tear
out five prime south-facing acres of the White House lawn and plant in their
place an organic fruit and vegetable garden." n16

   Coincidentally or not, five years later, the White House has a garden; but is
there more to President Obama's food legacy than a plot of land on the South
Lawn? This Article seeks to answer this question in the context of the
president's local food legacy. n17 Specifically, this Article analyzes enacted
and proposed federal legislation and agency initiatives, as well as executive
decisions from 2008 to 2013 related to local food policy. This Article also
evaluates the responses of fifty-six local farmers to a detailed survey about
these laws, initiatives, and decisions.

   The Article begins by examining the local food movement as part of the larger
food movement. Part I describes how local food is defined and the growth of the
local food movement. A description of  [*96]  the local farmer survey is also
included. Next, Part II provides a brief description of President Obama's
position on local food policies during the 2008 and 2012 election seasons - as
demonstrated in campaign speeches, interviews, and publications - and compares
these positions to those of his opponents. Part III then analyzes the acts,
initiatives, and decisions during Obama's presidency that have directly and
indirectly promoted local food production and consumption. In particular, this
Part discusses, in tandem with the survey responses of local farmers, the
enactment of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, the Food Safety and
Modernization Act, the proposed 2013 Farm Bill, the selection of Tom Vilsack as
Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and several
USDA grants and initiatives including the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
campaign. Lastly, this Article touches on the establishment of the White House
Rural Council, the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, and First Lady Michelle
Obama's Let's Move! campaign. The Article ultimately finds that President Obama
has been successful in including local food in federal legislation and policy
discussions involving nutrition, food safety, and economic development,
increasing awareness of the benefits of local food production and consumption,
and increasing consumer access to local food.

   Local food is no longer confined to discussions on agricultural policy.
President Obama signed two pieces of legislation into law - one focused on
nutrition and the other on food safety - that mention and describe "local food."
The secretary of the USDA boasts about and credits his agency with the increased
demand for local food. The 2014 Farm Bill includes a provision to promote "local
food." Other agencies, in addition to the USDA, are working collaboratively to
increase access to "local food," and more is being done to make information
about local food programs available to the public. And, with the establishment
of the White House garden, the First Family is able to eat locally, too. Yet,
the nation's agricultural policies and accompanying landscape remain relatively
unchanged, leaving local farmers frustrated by the lack of meaningful changes at
the federal level. Many farmers were not aware of the legislation or policies
that affect their businesses and were unfamiliar with grants available for their
use. For those farmers familiar with federal farm legislation and policies,
there is a sense of interference rather than progress - a feeling that the
federal government is still out of touch with the local  [*97]  farmer's needs
and wants, suggesting further room and need for reform.

   I What Is Local Food Policy?

   A. Defining Local Food

 "Food policy" encompasses the "set of laws and regulations that inform how,
why, and when food is produced, transported, distributed, and consumed." n18
Local food policy is, therefore, those laws and regulations governing food that
is locally produced, transported, distributed, and consumed. The local food
movement is part of the larger food movement, which supports laws and
regulations for food that is locally produced, transported, distributed, and
consumed. n19 Scholars describe the local food movement as a "grassroots
movement comprised of people who are interested, for various reasons, in
obtaining food grown or produced where they live." n20

   Despite the seemingly straightforward definition of food policy and the food
movement, local food does not have a single definition. n21 Instead, qualities
or characteristics are used to define local food. These characteristics - such
as geography, market outlets, consumer perceptions, and farming operations -
underlying the local food  [*98]  movement preserve our natural environment,
improve human health, and promote economic development. n22

   The most intuitive definition of local food is based on the geographic
proximity of the farmer to the consumer and is measured in terms of "food
miles," or the distance food travels from farm to plate. However, the number of
"food miles" used to determine local food varies. n23 Some consider food to be
local if the food is produced within one hundred miles from where it is
consumed. n24 The 2008 Farm Bill defines local food as food produced within four
hundred miles. n25 Still, other sources consider food to be local if it is
produced and consumed within the same state or region. n26

   Regardless of the distance, one argument for eating local food is that food
produced locally has fewer food miles and therefore has a smaller carbon
footprint. Advocates like the Natural Resources Defense Council argue that
locally produced food is the best choice for minimizing global warming and other
pollutants. n27

   In addition to benefiting environmental health, eating local foods can
benefit human health. "Certain foods - fresh fruits and vegetables especially -
can lose nutritional value as supply chains grow longer, and [] preservation
methods like freezing and blanching  [*99]  can compound this nutrient loss."
n28 Promoting the consumption of fresh produce instead of processed or refined
foods has been a centerpiece of First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move!
campaign, which focuses on preventing childhood obesity. n29 But in order to eat
fresh produce, individuals must have access to it. Limited access to fresh
produce has been identified as contributing to the growing problem of childhood
obesity. n30

   Market outlets for local farmers is both another way to define local foods
and increasing these outlets can improve access to local foods. In general,
local food can be found at two types of market outlets: direct-to-consumer
markets and intermediate markets. n31 Direct-to-consumer markets include
roadside stands, on-farm stores, farmers markets, and community supported
agriculture (CSAs). n32 Intermediate markets could be grocers, restaurants, or
food hubs. n33

   In addition to improving access to fresh produce, market outlets support the
local economies in which they are situated. Purchasing and consuming foods from
a local farmer, or from a retail establishment that sells local produce, can
benefit the local economy through reinvestment and recirculation of the local
dollar. n34 Recognizing that "a community-based food system approach may be the
best path toward economic recovery and resilience because it builds health,
wealth, connection, and capacity in the local economy and community," n35 many
states have explored expanding local food production. For example, an Illinois
study reported that supporting local food could "trigger $ 20 to $ 30 billion in
new economic activity  [*100]  each year." n36 Noting the increase in farmers
markets by 635% over the past ten years, The Food Bank of North Alabama
recommended the use of local foods in Alabama as an economic strategy. n37 A
study conducted in northeast Ohio reported that the region's businesses spent
25% of their food dollars on local farms and businesses; the money could create
27,664 new jobs, increase economic output by $ 4.2 billion, and generate $ 126
million in local and state taxes. n38

   Officials at the state and local levels, as well as the federal level, see
local foods as a long-term driver of job and wealth creation. One report of the
USDA's Economic Research Service (ERS) found that in 2008, "produce and nut
growers selling into local and regional markets generate thirteen full time
operator jobs per $ 1 million in revenue earned, for a total of 61,000 jobs."
n39 Scholars, too, have described how local food production can revitalize local
economies, both rural and urban. n40

   The type of farming operation a farmer manages is yet another way to define
local food. Farmers selling to direct markets usually have diversified farms
that grow specialty crops, meaning they grow more than one kind of fruit or
vegetable. n41 This is in contrast to industrialized farming practices of
cropping monoculture commodity crops, such as wheat, corn, and soybeans. n42
Farmers who sell to direct markets tend to have smaller farms, both in terms of
acreage and in  [*101]  terms of gross income. n43 The USDA National Commission
on Small Farms defines a small farm as a family farm with less than $ 250,000
total monetary value of food per year. n44 In contrast, the USDA's Agricultural
Marketing Service (AMS) defines small farms as those farms with gross farm sales
less than $ 50,000, while medium-sized farms gross between $ 50,000 and $
249,999. n45 Large farms are those farms with gross farm sales of $ 250,000 or
more. n46 According to the AMS definitions, small food farms represent 81% of
all local food farms, medium-sized farms represent 14%, and large farms account
for approximately 5%. n47

   B. Local Farmer Survey

 With this understanding of the characteristics of local food, I devised a study
to evaluate the perspectives of local farmers on recent changes to federal laws
and policies that could affect local farmers. n48 The local farmers included in
my study were those with small farms, in terms of acreage, who sell specialty
crops, animal products, or a combination thereof, primarily to direct market
outlets. n49 The section  [*102]  below describes how I designed and distributed
the local farmer survey and includes a discussion of the questions farmers were
asked.

   I used the website SurveyMonkey.com to create a ten-question survey, which
was then distributed by e-mail to farmers across the country. Farmers had the
option of answering some or all of the questions asked. The first question
solicited information on the location, type, and size of the farm, as well as
the number of years the farmer had been farming. The final question was an
open-ended question to solicit the farmers' opinions on federal local food
policy in a narrative form. The eight questions in-between were Likert-type
questions in which farmers were asked whether they strongly approved, approved,
had a neutral opinion, disapproved, strongly disapproved, or were not familiar
with various legislative acts, USDA agency grants and initiatives, and USDA
Secretary Vilsack. In addition to answering the Likert-type question, farmers
had the option of providing a narrative response to each question.

   A link to the survey was e-mailed directly to local farmers. n50 E-mail
addresses were identified through farmers market websites and other websites
housing local farmer information. n51 More than 200 emails with the survey link
were distributed from late July through December of 2013; fifty-six responses
were obtained, although not all farmers answered every question. n52 The
responses represent farmers from more than twenty states, with the greatest
number of responses coming from Ohio (ten), Pennsylvania (seven), Michigan
(six), and Georgia (five). n53 Twenty-eight farmers reported having a farm
smaller than 25 acres; nine farmers reported having a farm between 25 and 49.9
acres; one farmer reported having a farm between 50 and 99.9 acres; eight
farmers reported having a farm between 100 and 199.9 acres; and five farmers
reported having a farm between 200 and 400 acres. n54 Of these farmers, nineteen
grew only vegetables, ten raised only livestock, three grew only flowers, two
grew only fruit, and nineteen grew some combination of vegetables, flowers,
[*103]  livestock, and fruit. n55 I also inquired about how long the farmer had
been farming. n56 Most local farmers had been farming ten years or less,
fourteen farmers had been farming five years or less, seventeen farmers had been
farming between six and ten years, four farmers had been farming between sixteen
and twenty years, no farmers reported farming twenty-one to twenty-five years,
three farmers had been farming twenty-six to thirty years, and eleven farmers
had been farming for more than thirty-one years.

   Considering that the survey was distributed during the height of the farming
season, I am satisfied with the response rate. The results represent a cross
section of local farmers, from all across the country, engaged in a variety of
farming operations, with various levels of farming expertise, thereby providing
different perspectives on what has transpired over the last five years.

   C. The Growth of the Local Food Movement

 Perhaps because of the identified benefits of local food, the local food
movement has steadily grown over the past twenty years. n57 In many ways, local
food is the new "organic." n58 John Ikerd, a prominent agricultural economic
scholar, noted that "local foods have replaced organic foods as the most dynamic
sector of the retail food market... . For many people, local has become more
important than organic." n59

   The growth of the direct market outlets used by local farmers is one
indication that consumers are increasingly interested in purchasing food from a
local farmer or rancher. Farmers markets are perhaps the most visible direct
markets. In 1994, the first year the USDA began gathering information on farmers
markets, there were  [*104]  approximately 1755 farmers markets listed in the
National Directory of Farmers Markets. n60 In 2008, the year of Michael Pollan's
letter to the future president, there were 4685. n61 More than 3000 additional
farmers markets were added to the directory during the first four years of
Obama's presidency. n62 The most recent USDA survey from 2013 reported 8144
farmers markets. n63

   There has been a similar increase in the number of community supported
agriculture (CSA) farms, from around 650 in the mid-1990s to more than 12,500
farms in 2007. n64 "The number of small farms that cater to their neighbors has
increased [twenty] percent, to 1.9 million in the last six years." n65

   Consumer demand for local produce in both rural and urban areas has resulted
in a new generation of farmers. Agricultural law scholar Neil D. Hamilton has
labeled this next generation of farmers "New Agrarians." n66 Hamilton notes that
New Agrarians often come from non-agricultural backgrounds and have a variety of
economic, ethnic, racial, geographic, and educational distinctions. n67 Despite
these differences, New Agrarians have "enlightened attitudes to resource
conservation and sustainability and are interested in embracing environmental
stewardship." n68 In addition, they view farming as an "avenue to economic
development" and "economic opportunity." n69 New Agrarians are tech savvy and
have the entrepreneurial drive to make their farms successful businesses. n70

    [*105]  New mechanisms for training this next generation of farmers have
also emerged. Some colleges and universities now offer courses for emerging
farmers. For example, the University of Washington offered a biology course
titled "The Urban Farm," and students learned farming principles and basic
skills about food production in urban areas. n71 There are new incubator
programs, such as the California Farm Academy, which train "beginning farmers in
agricultural production, business planning and marketing of specialty crops,
poultry and livestock." n72 Adding a children's nutrition focus, the AmeriCorps
Service Network's new FoodCorps program recruits "talented leaders for a year of
paid public service building healthy school food environments in
limited-resource communities" through school gardens. n73

   With the growth of local food production in both rural and urban areas, the
local food movement has been integrated into society. In 2007, the word
"locavore," a "person who endeavors to eat only locally produced food," n74 was
chosen as New Oxford American Dictionary's word of the year. n75 That same year,
bestselling novelist Barbara Kingsolver published her nonfiction book Animal,
Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life; in the book, Kingsolver recounts her
family's attempt to eat locally for a year. n76 Sandwiching Kingsolver's
bestseller were two other bestsellers about local food, Pollan's The Omnivore's
Dilemma and In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto. n77

   Discussion of the local food movement has not been limited to books.
Documentaries, such as King Corn n78 and Food, Inc., n79 have  [*106]  further
exposed how industrial agriculture n80 has eliminated the family farm and
generated further interest in the local food movement. In addition to gracing
the silver screen, the local food movement has become trendy. Smartphone
applications, such as the "Locavore App," allow users to find local, in-season
food from farmers markets and farms, n81 and upscale resorts offer weekend
specials to celebrate local food. n82

   The local food movement has also made its way to Capitol Hill. n83 Perhaps
the most visible recognition of the local food movement in Washington, D.C. was
the planting of the White House Kitchen Garden in 2009. n84 The White House
garden and Michelle Obama's Let's Move! campaign highlight fresh, local food as
important to combating childhood obesity. n85 With the First Family transformed
into locavores, local food policy has become something worthy of discussion at
the federal level.

   II Dormant Not Dominant: Local Food Platforms in the 2008 and 2012
Presidential Campaigns

 Months before vegetables were sprouting from the South Lawn and the Obamas were
considered locavores, the 2008 presidential campaign was underway. And even
though the federal government  [*107]  controls food, n86 something on which
every American relies, there was very little discussion of agricultural policy -
much less local food policy - during the 2008 campaign season. n87 When Obama
discussed food policy it was in the context of his plan for rural America. n88
In his plan, Obama portrayed himself as having a preference for small farms over
agribusiness. n89 He supported capping subsidies to mega-farms, while Senator
John McCain "opposed policies that would help family farms stay in business."
n90 Obama's official campaign website also included a position paper addressing
rural issues in which he stated he would "implement USDA policies that promote
local and regional food systems." n91 Obama's plan displayed further commitment
to new farmers by providing tax incentives to "make it easier for new farmers to
afford their first farm." n92

   In contrast, McCain rarely discussed his agricultural policies. He was
described as someone who "had never met a farm bill he liked." n93 McCain did
convene an agricultural advisory committee in 2007, stating: "Farming and
agriculture production [are] part of the backbone of our great country. As
president, I will support addressing the larger needs of the farming community
abiding by the same  [*108]  standards of common sense and fiscal restraint as
demonstrated by our nation's hardworking families." n94 Yet his staunch
opposition to spending for farm programs, flood control, and rural development
often drew criticism from farmers who relied on this type of support. n95

   An interview involving representatives from both the McCain and Obama
campaigns demonstrated the weight each candidate gave to local food. When asked
specifically about the locally grown food movement, a McCain representative
noted that "McCain [was] a major supporter of locally grown products," but
provided few details specifying this support. n96 In contrast, the Obama
representative enthusiastically responded that the local food movement



   is one of the most exciting developments in agriculture today... . It creates
new opportunities for future generations to become or remain involved in
agriculture... . The consumer [] benefits by knowing the source of their food
and appreciating the procedure. There is plenty of room for both large-scale
commercial agriculture and smaller, more traditional entities to progress. n97

 Further distinctions between the candidates arose when the 2008 Farm Bill was
due for a vote in the summer of 2008. Although the 2008 Farm Bill continued to
provide subsidies to the largest farms, the bill increased financial support for
food stamps and nutrition programs, and it also created new programs with a
sustainability focus. n98 For example, the 2008 Farm Bill provided funding to
support organic farmers and, for the first time, it included coverage for
farmers of fruit and vegetables or specialty crops. n99 In addition, the 2008
Farm Bill included tax incentives for land conservation and increased emphasis
on rural development. n100 One agricultural policy expert described these
changes as "meaningful" and a departure from  [*109]  the status quo in terms of
agricultural policy. n101 Although neither candidate was present to vote on the
2008 Farm Bill, n102 Senator Obama supported the bill; his opponent, McCain, did
not. n103

   While biofuels or energy crops were often what both candidates discussed when
traveling across America's heartland, n104 Obama also provided specifics for
supporting local production and supporting new young farmers. n105 McCain, on
the other hand, was criticized for having an agricultural platform that "never
mentioned food, local production or the rural economy." n106 Given his fiscally
conservative approach to agricultural policy, McCain's criticism of Obama's
local food efforts is not surprising. In 2010, McCain and two other GOP senators
sent a letter to the president complaining that resources were being diverted
from "conventional farmers who produce the vast majority of our nation's food
supply ... [to] small, hobbyist and organic producers whose customers generally
consist of affluent patrons at urban farmers markets." n107 Today, McCain
remains critical of "pork" and farm subsidies in the most recent versions of the
farm bill n108 and voted against the 2014 Farm Bill. n109

    [*110]  Although agricultural policy was still not widely discussed during
the 2012 election season, there was evidence that food was becoming increasingly
political. n110 By this time, Michelle Obama had initiated her Let's Move!
campaign, Congress had passed two food-related pieces of legislation, and the
USDA had launched the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF) campaign. Obama
continued to discuss local food in the context of his agenda for rural America,
n111 but he also had these accomplishments from which to draw. As part of this
rural plan, Obama outlined three overarching goals: (1) ensure economic
opportunities for family farmers, (2) support rural economic development, and
(3) improve rural quality of life. n112 He identified "encouraging organic and
local agriculture" by "promot[ing] regional food systems" as one way to ensure
economic opportunity for family famers. n113

   Additionally, in President Obama's first term, the USDA had implemented
several initiatives to support the local food movement representing a "dramatic
shift from prior USDA policies." n114 Agricultural law expert Susan Schneider
expressed the opinion that the Obama administration coupled its support for
production agriculture "with a recognition of the many benefits of
local/regional foods." n115 Obama claimed "a record of four years of USDA
policies in support of local/regional foods." n116 Local farmers also
acknowledged approval of the USDA policies and encouraged Obama's re-election.
n117

   In contrast, 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney's position on
agricultural and food policy was something of an open  [*111]  question. n118
And there was no rural platform or agricultural platform to be found on his
campaign website. n119

   As the election season progressed, Romney's position on farm policy became
more apparent. Romney appeared to approve of government support for some
farmers, and in that respect, was more in line with President Obama than Senator
McCain. n120 President Obama and Romney also supported ethanol programs and
received a "B" on their agricultural policy evaluated from responses to a survey
conducted by the Corn Caucus Project, an association of the Iowa Corn Growers
Association. n121

   The two candidates also differed on many farm issues. Romney was critical of
President Obama's overregulation of the farming industry and emphasized his
support for free enterprise. n122 Romney's advisory committee consisted of
individuals with industrial agricultural backgrounds, further suggesting that
Romney's position would support conventional large-scale farming practices. n123
Romney also blamed President Obama's lack of leadership when Congress was unable
to pass a farm bill in 2012 when the 2008 Farm Bill expired. n124

   Romney's full agricultural agenda was not revealed until October 2012 when he
released his Vision for Agricultural Prosperity. This paper outlined the pillars
of his agricultural policy, which included a  [*112]  fair tax code, a rational
regulatory environment, access to markets around the world, and embracing the
nation's domestic energy resources. n125

   Another example of the candidates' different agricultural priorities was
evident in their responses to questions posed by United Fresh Produce
Association. n126 United Fresh submitted questions to the Obama and Romney
campaigns about the produce industry's top issues: immigration, food safety,
agricultural regulation, the farm bill, taxes, and nutrition. n127 In the
context of questions pertaining to the farm bill, Obama noted that "specialty
crops are one of the many important components of our agricultural system," and
explained that he "endorsed a farm bill that recognizes the diversity of
American agriculture and the importance of providing access to healthy foods by
supporting programs that focus on fruits, vegetables, nuts and organic crops."
n128 Romney's response, on the other hand, made no mention of specialty crops.
Instead, he focused on business implications, noting that "agricultural policy
in this country is evolving, moving away from decades of government intervention
and subsidies toward a more market-based system." n129

   When asked about food safety, President Obama highlighted his accomplishment
of passing "the most comprehensive reform of our nation's food safety laws in
decades - giving FDA the resources, authority and tools they need to make real
improvements to our food safety system." n130 Obama again relied on his record
when asked about nutritional programs noting that he "signed the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act into law that ensures millions of children across the US
have access to healthier and more nutritious meals  [*113]  during school." n131
Obama also recognized that there was more to be done to "encourage schools to
promote healthy eating and ensure students are offered food and vegetables every
day of the week" and to "support[] regional food hubs and the establishment of
grocery stores in underserved neighborhoods." n132

   III Presidential Accomplishments

 Current USDA publications identify President Obama as supporting local food
systems. This support can be seen through legislative acts, agency initiatives,
and personnel decisions. One document notes that President Obama "has placed an
emphasis on local food systems because of the role they play in driving economic
development, creating jobs, and preserving open space." n133 The USDA Know Your
Farmer, Know Your Food homepage quotes President Obama as stating "local food
systems work for America: when we create opportunities for farmers and ranchers,
our entire nation reaps the benefit." n134 This is where President Obama's
legacy becomes more difficult to discern. While President Obama has focused on
the importance of local food from the consumer's perspective, the farmers who
produce this food still struggle.

   A. Legislation

 In the past five years, two legislative acts - the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010 and the Food and Safety Modernization Act of 2010 - have
acknowledged local food. While the focus of one is nutrition and the other is
food safety, apart from the 2014 Farm Bill, they are the only pieces of
legislation enacted during President Obama's presidency to use the term "local
food." n135

[*114]

   1. Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010

   a. Overview

 The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA) is an amendment to the
Richard B. Nelson National School Lunch Program enacted in 1946. n136 It expands
the number of students who can participate in the need-based child nutrition
programs implemented by the USDA, like the National School Lunch and Breakfast
programs and the Summer Food Service programs, n137 and provides new funding of
$ 4.5 billion over ten years. n138 In addition to increasing access to and
funding for these programs, the HHFKA addresses childhood obesity in a number of
ways. n139 For example, the act sets nutritional standards for the first time
for all food sold in schools, including vending machines and a la carte lines.
n140

   The HHFKA also recognizes the importance of local food in combating childhood
obesity by formally establishing farm to school programs like the National
School Lunch and Summer Food Service. n141 Farm to school programs connect local
producers with schools and preschools with the objective of serving local, fresh
food in school cafeterias to improve childhood nutrition. n142 The programs have
been recognized as increasing access to fresh fruit and vegetables and therefore
increasing consumption of these items. n143  [*115]  Farmers benefit through
this new market outlet option, as does the regional economy. n144

   Under the "access to local foods" provision in the 2010 law, the Secretary of
Agriculture is directed to carry out a farm to school program whereby eligible
schools will have access to local food. n145 Grants are awarded to eligible
schools to "implement[] farm to school programs." n146 The highest priority of
funding is given to schools that make local food products available on the menu
as well as incorporate experiential nutrition education activities into the
curriculum by having children participate in agricultural education activities.
n147

   The HHFKA designates $ 5 million in new funds for supporting farm to school
programs. n148 Of the $ 5 million, $ 3.5 million takes the form of grants to
schools; the remaining $ 1.5 million provides technical assistance to implement
farm to school programs. n149 From the $ 3.5 million, applicants are eligible
for grants up to $ 100,000 to fund programs that bring locally produced foods to
school cafeterias. n150 Two types of grants are available: planning grants and
implementation grants. n151 Planning grants assist schools that are starting to
develop farm to school programs and accounts for 25% of the allotted money. n152
The remaining 75% goes to implementation grants for schools or other
organizations already involved in farm to school programs. n153

    [*116]  As an example, the Cleveland Municipal School District received a $
45,000 planning grant in 2013 to "engage the technical services and expertise of
the Ohio State University Extension to help facilitate and guide us in the
development of a more coherent strategy and approach to farm to school
programming." n154 As an example of an implementation grant, Portland Public
Schools in Maine received nearly $ 100,000 to implement best practices to
increase student consumption of local foods and to increase public awareness and
community engagement in these efforts. n155 The project plan includes updating
central kitchen equipment, certifications, and training in order to become a
large volume processor of local foods. n156

   To participate in the farm to school program, the local farmer needs to be
Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) certified, which is a method of establishing
some sort of quality control for the produce served in schools. n157 GAP
certification is standard for larger growers, and the USDA has taken extra steps
to help smaller farmers become GAP certified. n158

   In addition, a federal rule was enacted to give preference in contract
bidding for school meals using local farm products. The USDA has stated that the
final rule, entitled the Geographic Preference Option for the Procurement of
Unprocessed Agricultural Products in Child Nutrition Programs, n159 was designed
to "encourage use of local farm products in school meals" and to "give a
much-needed boost to local farmers and agricultural producers." n160

   b. Farmer Response

 All but one of the farmers surveyed responded to the question asking their
opinion of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Of the  [*117]  fifty-five farmers
that responded, thirty-one farmers (56%) reported being unfamiliar with the act.
Of the remaining farmers, fourteen farmers (25.45%) approved of the act, four
farmers (7.5%) had a neutral perception of the act, three farmers (5.6%)
strongly approved of the act, two farmers (3.7%) disapproved of this act, and
one farmer (1.8%) strongly disapproved.

   Only three farmers provided an additional narrative response. Two of the
comments were general statements about farming and the federal government. The
most directly relevant on the HHFKA noted that the effectiveness of this act was
"hard to tell, but it's always good to get food into the hands of those who need
it."

   c. Assessment

 One year after this legislation was enacted, a USDA press release listed
"bolster[ing] farm to school connections" as one of the nine key accomplishments
from the act. n161 This assessment is hard to dispute. In the 2013 fiscal year,
sixty-eight programs in more than thirty-seven states were funded. n162 In the
2014 fiscal year, seventy-one programs in forty-two states, plus the District of
Columbia, were funded. n163

   In October 2013, the USDA published the results of the first ever Farm to
School Census for the 2011-12 school year. n164 The USDA surveyed more than
13,000 public school districts and received a 75% response rate. n165 The USDA
estimates that as of the 2012-2013 school year, 4322 districts, operating
approximately 40,328 schools with more than 23,513,237 students in attendance,
are buying local products and teaching children where their food comes from.
n166 Forty-four percent of districts report participating in farm to school
[*118]  activities, and thirteen percent indicated a desire to participate in
farm to school programs in the future. n167 Other reports show farm to school
programs increasing from ten in 1997 to over 12,500 in 2012. n168

   Interest in farm to school programs at the state level has also increased.
For example, the Oregon Legislature "awarded nearly $ 1.2 million to Farm to
School and School Garden programs for the 2013-15 biennium." n169

   Although no studies have been conducted on the effectiveness of farm to
school programs in improving childhood nutrition by reducing obesity, the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently announced that obesity rates
among preschoolers decreased from 2008 to 2011. n170 This decrease could be due
in part to an increased effort to serve fruits and vegetables to preschool-aged
children. n171

   Missing from this analysis is an assessment of how many local farmers
participate in farm to school programs. n172 The number of farmers unaware of
this program suggests that many farmers still do not know about this new market
outlet. Coordinating with school districts might also be difficult. I had a
difficult time finding information on how a farmer could become involved with
farm to school programs. One website recommended contacting the food service
director in the farmer's school district directly or joining with farmers
associations or cooperatives to identify interest in participating in such a
program. n173 Some studies have shown that  [*119]  low-volume sales and
logistical issues such as storage, refrigeration, and preparation space have
deterred farmers from participating in these programs in the past. n174 Despite
these challenges, farm to school programs are on the rise and the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act is often cited by President Obama and others within his
administration as an example of one way the federal government has improved
childhood nutrition and increased access to local food.

   2. Food Safety Modernization Act of 2010

   a. Overview

 The Food and Drug Association (FDA) reports that between 1996 and 2010, there
were 131 documented outbreaks associated with contaminated produce in the United
States, causing more than 14,000 illnesses and 34 deaths. n175 Highly publicized
illnesses from contaminated eggs, peanut butter, and spinach led lawmakers to
push for stronger government oversight. n176 That oversight came in the form of
the Food Safety and Modernization Act of 2010. n177

   The desire to protect consumers, however, did not receive full support from
small farmers and food producers, who argued that the stricter regulations had
the potential to harm their businesses. Before Congress passed the bill, local
food movement advocates, including the National Sustainable Agriculture
Coalition, pushed for exemptions for local food producers. n178 The result was
the Tester-  [*120]  Hagan Amendment, which was added to the bill before it
passed. n179 This amendment exempts qualifying food producers from some of the
more costly requirements of the act. n180 For example, prior to the Tester-Hagan
Amendment, small farms and food producers would have had to:



   identify and evaluate known or reasonably foreseeable hazards; develop a
written analysis of the hazards; identify and implement preventive controls;
monitor the effectiveness of the preventive controls; establish procedures that
a facility will implement if the preventive controls are found to be
ineffective; verify that the preventive controls are adequate and the owner
operator is conducting monitoring and is making appropriate corrective actions
and that the preventive controls implemented are effectively and significantly
minimizing or preventing the occurrence of identified hazards ... prepare a
written plan that documents and describes the procedures used by the facility to
comply with the measurements of this section; and conduct a reanalysis whenever
a significant change is made in the activities conducted at a facility or every
3 years whichever is earlier. n181

 Complying with these regulations would have been costly to small farmers. The
Tester-Hagan Amendment exempts small farms that sell 51% or more of their
produce directly to consumers or retail food establishments in the same state,
or within 275 miles of where they are grown, and have an average annual monetary
value in the previous three-year period that was less than $ 500,000. n182 Small
farms and producers must still comply with existing federal regulations and
state and local laws. The FDA has the authority to withdraw its exemption from a
farm or facility that has been associated with a foodborne illness outbreak.
n183 The bill ultimately  [*121]  passed with bipartisan support and the
Tester-Hagan Amendment in place. n184

   While this act did not attract a lot of publicity, it overhauled the nation's
food safety laws for the first time since the Great Depression. n185 The new law
enables the FDA to establish food safety standards for farmers and food
processors and to authorize food recalls, something that was left up to food
companies before. n186 The goal is to prevent contamination of food and
vegetables through water, equipment, worker hygiene, and manure. n187 In
addition, the law requires food producers to develop food safety plans, obtain
licenses from the FDA, and set up traceability requirements. n188 In addition,
stricter laws apply to importers who will be required to verify the safety of
their suppliers' products. n189 The law also signals a shift in the focus of the
FDA, from responding to contamination to preventing food safety problems. n190

   The preventative food safety approach can be seen in two proposed rules
published by the FDA in January 2013: the Proposed Rules on Produce Safety
Standards and the Preventative Controls for Human Food. n191 Both sets of rules
could have an effect on small farmers. The proposed produce safety rule "covers
all fruits and vegetables except those rarely consumed raw, produced for
personal consumption, or destined for commercial processing." n192 The
preventative controls  [*122]  rule covers facilities that manufacture and
process food for human consumption. n193

   b. Farmer Response

 All fifty-six local farmers responded to the question asking their opinion of
the Food Safety Modernization Act, and the response was overwhelmingly negative.
Of the fifty-six farmers that responded, only eleven farmers (19.6%) reported
being unfamiliar with this act. Further, eleven farmers (19.6%) disapproved of
the act, and eighteen farmers (32%) strongly disapproved. Eleven farmers (19.6%)
were neutral, and five farmers (8.9%) approved. No farmers strongly approved of
this act.

   Only four farmers provided an additional narrative response. Two farmers
expressed concern that the regulations will harm their businesses. One farmer
lamented that "this will put most small farmers out of business," while the
other remarked "if small farmers have to meet these standards they will close."
The other two farmers noted approval of the act only because of the Tester-Hagan
Amendment. n194

   c. Assessment

 Although the FDA reports that 79% percent of U.S. produce growers (roughly
40,211 out of 190,111) will be exempt from the FSMA requirements, n195 farmers
still expressed concern with the proposed FDA rules. The primary concern is that
the regulations will be too costly for small farmers and will put them out of
business. n196 The only working farm within Akron, Ohio, recently switched from
growing sweet corn and other specialty crops to soybeans, a crop  [*123]  exempt
from the produce rule, and closed its farm stand because the farm "can't spend
enough money to comply." n197 Other farmers have expressed concern that the
proposed FSMA rules are another strike against the small farm and another win
for the industrial farmer. n198

   Sustainable agriculture advocates agree. Ariane Lotti, National Sustainable
Agriculture Coalition's assistant policy director stated, "if the proposed
regulations are finalized without changes, they will unjustifiably create
barriers to sustainable and organic farming, chill the growth in local and
regional food systems, and further consolidate farming into the hands of the few
who can afford to comply with expensive requirements." n199

   Thousands of sustainable and organic farms and local food system
entrepreneurs and advocates voiced their concerns to the FDA during the
commenting period, which closed in November 2013. n200 In addition, seventy-five
members of Congress sent a letter to the FDA expressing concerns with farmers'
ability to comply with the proposed rules. n201 As a result of these comments,
in December 2013, the FDA decided to make "significant changes" to key
provisions of the two proposed rules affecting small farmers. n202 Recognizing
that the proposed rules would not have implemented "the law in a way that
improves public health protections while minimizing undue burden on farmers and
other food producers," the FDA will revise the language of the proposed rules,
publish the revised rules, and accept additional comments on these rules during
the summer of 2014. n203

    [*124]  This is another act that President Obama often brings up when
discussing food policy. While the exemptions might be seen as a way to remove
barriers for the small farmer, the FSMA's focus is consumer protection. The
Tester-Hagan Amendment exemptions reflect a recognition of the segment of
farmers who sell to direct markets, and the change of heart by the FDA reflects
a willingness of government officials to listen to the concerns of small
farmers, at least regarding regulations.

   3. The Farm Bill of 2014

   a. Overview

 The Farm Bill continues to be the single most important piece of legislation to
address agriculture and food policy at the national level. n204 The inclusion of
local and regional food systems in the farm bill would, therefore, be the
greatest acknowledgment of the local food movement at the federal level. After
two years of operating without a bill, passing a farm bill became a top priority
for Obama in 2014. n205 The 2014 Farm Bill was signed into law February 7, 2014.
n206

   The first farm bill passed during the Great Depression in 1933. n207 In an
effort to provide economic stability to major commodity crops and to preserve
family farms, the bill controlled the production of commodity crops and provided
income support to farmers. n208 Congress is charged with reauthorizing the bill,
which is administered by the USDA, about every five years and making changes and
adjustments as needed. n209 Over time, additional provisions have been  [*125]
added to the farm bill such that there are now provisions to address nutrition
assistance, conservation, horticulture, and bioenergy programs. n210 Subsidies
for farmers who grow specialty crops (i.e., fresh fruits, vegetables, and nuts)
were first introduced in the 2002 Farm Bill. n211

   The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill), the
precursor to the 2014 Farm Bill, contained fifteen titles addressing topics
including commodity price and income supports, farm credit, trade, agricultural
conservation, research, rural development, energy, and foreign and domestic food
programs. n212 The 2008 Farm Bill, which was enacted over President Bush's veto
n213 and just prior to President Obama's election, included new and renewed
agricultural subsidies for farmers; new nutrition programs including increased
funding for states to provide specialty crops; new initiatives to help beginning
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; new programs and funding for
organic crops; and increased funding for food stamps, research grants, and the
production of renewable fuel sources. n214 The 2008 Farm Bill acknowledged the
rise of new agrarians and support for local food programs, and it provided
support for sustainable agriculture through a number of grants and programs.
n215 It was also the first piece of federal legislation to include a definition
of local food. n216

   Many provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill expired in 2012, but were extended for
an additional year in the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (the "fiscal
cliff bill"). n217 However, the extension of the 2008  [*126]  Farm Bill to 2013
did not provide any additional mandatory funding for thirty-seven programs in
the 2008 bill. n218

   Discussions about renewing the 2008 Farm Bill began in late 2011. n219 USDA
Secretary Vilsack identified three principles for protection and advancement as
Congress worked on this piece of legislation: maintaining a strong safety net,
supporting sustainable productivity, and promoting vibrant markets. n220 No farm
bill was passed in 2012, and 2013 Farm Bill discussions dragged on throughout
the summer and into the fall. n221 Frustration brewed, demonstrated by Secretary
Vilsack's comment: "don't care who gets the credit for this. I just want a damn
farm bill." n222

   In late fall 2013, the House and Senate passed different versions of the bill
and sent the bills to the conference committee to resolve the differences. n223
While many provisions of the House and Senate versions were similar, they
differed greatly when it came to spending on the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as food stamps. n224 "[The] House
proposal would cut about $ 40 billion from the program, while a Senate version
would trim roughly $ 4.5 billion, mainly by making administrative changes." n225
A vote on the farm bill finally occurred in January 2014. n226

[*127]

   b. Farmer Response

 Fifty-one farmers responded to the question on the proposed 2013 Farm Bill.
n227 Sixteen farmers (31%) disapproved, and sixteen farmers (31%) strongly
disapproved of the bill. Ten farmers (19.6%) had a neutral opinion of the farm
bill, and one farmer (2%) approved of the farm bill. Eight farmers (15.7%)
responded that they were not familiar with the bill.

   The narrative responses also reflected general disapproval of the farm bill.
One farmer noted that the farm bill is "completely complicated and maintains
subsidies for farms that grow non-food crops." Another responded that the "farm
bill is ridiculous. It has very little impact on us since we are small and get
no subsidies." Another noted disapproval because of the "lessening [of] food
stamps/benefits."

   c. Assessment

 The 2014 Farm Bill reflects compromise on both sides. Much to the displeasure
of some Democrats, the SNAP program was cut by $ 8 billion over ten years, but
at the same time there was a $ 5 billion cut in direct payments farmers received
whether they grew crops or not. n228 The 2014 Farm Bill was built on many
provisions from the 2002 and 2008 bills addressing locally and regionally
produced food, which shows a shift in priorities and recognition of increased
consumer demand. n229 Many provisions of the Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act
made their way into the 2014 Farm Bill. n230 And funding for grants supporting
local food was significantly greater than the 2008 Farm Bill. n231 The Farmers
Market Promotion Program was renamed to the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program, and funding significantly increased from $ 33 million over
five years in the 2008 Farm Bill to $ 150 million over five years in the 2014
Farm  [*128]  Bill. n232 The program was also expanded to provide "grants to
farm-to-institution [programs], food hubs, and other local and regional food
enterprises that process, distribute, aggregate, or store locally or regionally
produced food products." n233 The Specialty Crop Block Grant program also
received increased funding. n234

   The 2014 Farm Bill has been considered a victory for specialty crops. n235
United Fresh, a produce association, noted that the bill "includes an overall
increase in investment of 55 percent over 2008 Farm Bill funding levels in
critical produce industry initiatives and programs." n236 It also includes
provisions to make it easier to use SNAP benefits with direct markets, such as
CSAs and farmers markets. n237 Although the bill was endorsed by the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, it was still considered a mixed bag. n238
While the full effect of the 2014 Farm Bill has yet to be seen, the most recent
bill represents continued, if not improved, recognition of specialty crops,
local food and direct markets, and new farmers.

   4. Marker Bills

   a. Overview

 One recent marker bill proposed changes to several programs in the farm bill to
enhance support for local and regional food production and farming systems. The
Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011, sponsored by Senator Sherrod Brown of
Ohio and Representative Chellie Pingree of Maine, n239 had the express purpose
of promoting  [*129]  local and regional farm and food systems. According to the
Congressional Research Service, the bill includes "locally or regionally
produced agricultural food product" under farm bill provisions on rural
development, agricultural research, crop insurance, and nutrition programs. n240
In addition, the bill provides funding for several programs that lost funding in
2012 when the 2008 Farm Bill was extended including Local and Regional Food Aid
Procurement Projects and Value-Added Producer Grants. n241

   According to its sponsors, the act takes on four major tasks: "boosting
income and opportunities for farmers and ranchers; improving local and regional
food system infrastructure; expanding access to healthy foods for consumers;
[and] enhancing agriculture research and extension." n242 The act would ensure
that various agencies have systems in place to serve local farmers and to
develop a ""whole farm diversified risk management insurance plan' to serve
diversified producers who do not currently have access to revenue insurance."
n243 The food system infrastructure could be improved by authorizing funding for
local and regional food system projects through grant programs n244 and
increasing the Farmers Market Promotion Program's mandatory funding. n245 Some
examples of expanding access include allowing SNAP benefits to be redeemed at
CSAs and funding the Senior Farmers Market Nutrition Program. n246 Agricultural
research and extension programs could be enhanced by establishing a national
program within the Agricultural  [*130]  and Food Research Initiative for local
and regional farm and food systems research. n247

   Another recent marker bill focused on making it easier for young people, or
new people who have never done it before, to start farming. The Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Opportunity Act was first introduced by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa,
Representative Tim Walz of Minnesota, and several co-sponsors in 2011 as H.R.
3236/S. 1850, and it was reintroduced in 2013. n248 Specifically, the bill would
expand opportunities for beginning farmers and ranchers through changes to
several USDA programs covering conservation; rural development; research,
education, and extension; and farm credit and crop insurance. n249

   The bill represented a ""strategic collaboration' by various advocacy groups
to introduce "a national strategy for addressing [existing obstacles to entry
into farming by] focusing on the issues that consistently rank as the greatest
challenges for beginning producers.'" n250 The legislation included a variety of
forms of new farmer assistance, including proposed modifications to guaranteed
direct financing programs and conservation programs, n251 making it easier for
"beginning farmers interested in obtaining credit to invest in farm equipment
and farmland." n252

   b. Farmer Response

 All but one farmer responded to questions about the two marker bills. The
majority of farmers had not heard about either bill. Thirty-four farmers (61.8%)
had not heard about the Local Food, Farm, and Jobs Act, and twenty-six farmers
(47.7%) had not heard about the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act. Of
those farmers  [*131]  who had heard of the bills, ten farmers (18.18%) approved
of LFFJA, and twelve farmers (21.8%) approved of the BFROA. Five farmers (9.1%)
strongly approved of LFFJA, and four farmers (7.4%) strongly approved of BFROA.
Two farmers (3.2%) were neutral on the LFFJA, and eight farmers (12.5%) were
neutral on BFROA. Three farmers (5.4%) disapproved of the LFFJA, and three
farmers (5.5%) disapproved of the BFROA. One farmer strongly disapproved of the
LFFJA, and two farmers (3.6%) strongly disapproved of the BFROA. There were four
written responses to the question on BFROA and no written response to LFFJA. One
farmer noted that BFROA "sounded promising," another noted it was "hard to
tell," and a third was "curious to see how it will play out." A final farmer
expressed annoyance between defining a farmer and "large gardener."

   c. Assessment

 Both acts received support from sustainable agriculture advocacy groups. For
example, the National Farm to School Network support the Local Food, Farm, and
Jobs Act. n253 While there is little scholarship, evaluation, or commentary on
the Local Food, Farm and Jobs Act or the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Opportunity Act, LFFJA appears to have fared better than BFROA in the final 2014
Farm Bill. For example, the farm bill increased spending on the Farmers Market
Promotion Program and made the funding mandatory.

   B. The Centrist: Tom Vilsack, Secretary of the Department of Agriculture

   1. Overview

 The selection of Vilsack in 2008, former governor of Iowa, to head the USDA was
initially met with resistance from the sustainable agriculture world. n254
Although Vilsack had a reputation of being a "friend" to corporate agriculture
and ethanol producers, n255 Jerry  [*132]  DeWitt, director of the Leopold
Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, "honestly believed
[Vilsack] will listen to a broad sense of voices." n256 Vilsack was also
enthusiastically endorsed by Neil D. Hamilton, an advocate for local and
regional food systems. n257 Seen as a "centrist" who could "balance the demands
of farmers, environmentalists, and industry groups," n258 Vilsack gained the
support of several national environmental groups, including the Sierra Club, the
League of Conservation Voters, and the National Wildlife Federation. n259

   Early on, Vilsack identified the USDA's priorities as: combating child hunger
and obesity, promoting healthy nutrition, expanding and developing biofuels, and
mitigating climate change. n260 Yet local food has not been ignored. Throughout
his tenure, Vilsack has described local food production and consumption as
important and worthwhile. Shortly after his confirmation as Secretary of the
Department of Agriculture, Vilsack stated in an interview that "in a perfect
world, everything that was sold, everything that was purchased and consumed
would be local, so the economy would receive the benefit of that," but noted
that "a very sophisticated distribution system for locally grown food" does not
exist. n261 One way to remedy this issue is to "work on strategies to make that
happen. It can be grant programs, loan programs, it can be technical
assistance." n262

   When discussions of the 2012 Farm Bill were beginning, Vilsack recommended
that Congress look at ways to improve producers' access to local and regional
markets. n263 Vilsack acknowledged the popularity of local food and the
importance of "making connections so that a farmer can sell at a local school or
hospital, or even a  [*133]  neighbor down the road." n264 These connections
"create[] good-paying jobs in our rural communities and keep[] the wealth
created from the ground close to home. Congress should continue the work that
was started in 2008 to support our specialty crop producers with improved risk
management tools and expanded market promotion." n265

   2. Farmer Response

 All fifty-six farmers responded to the question on Secretary Vilsack. Most
farmers disapproved of Vilsack: sixteen farmers (28.6%) disapproved of Vilsack,
and seven farmers (12.5%) strongly disapproved. Twenty-one farmers (37.5%) had a
neutral opinion of Vilsack. Only three farmers (5.36%) approved, while no
farmers strongly approved of him. Nine farmers (16%) were not familiar with
Vilsack. No farmers provided a narrative response to the question about
Secretary Vilsack.

   3. Assessment

 Hamilton has explained that as secretary of the USDA, Vilsack has supported the
ideals of a "food democracy," specifically, the creation of "a more sustainable
and just food and farming system in the United States." n266 For example, in an
editorial to the Des Moines Register in 2010, Vilsack identified six
opportunities for growth in rural America. Number three was to "provide locally
grown products with local institutions that can use them." n267 More recently,
Vilsack highlighted the "development of local and regional food systems" as one
of four examples of the "changing landscape that is taking place in rural
America." n268

   Vilsack has successfully promoted local and regional food systems through the
Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. n269  [*134]  Vilsack often touts
the success of this initiative in "facilitating direct farmer to consumer sale
marketing." n270 When this initiative was criticized by Senate Agriculture
Committee members for diverting funds from rural areas to promote "small,
hobbyist and organic producers whose customers generally consist of affluent
patrons at urban farmers markets," n271 Vilsack responded quickly and
thoroughly. In a letter, which included a ninety-page attachment, Vilsack
emphasized that rural areas will also benefit from the Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food initiative, noting that "cultivating these new markets - not replacing
old ones - is critical to revitalizing rural America by preserving wealth,
increasing farm income, and reminding us all of the hard work and values that
sustain those communities and our Nation." n272

   Vilsack has also successfully promoted nutrition. n273 Vilsack established
rules for healthier school lunches as part of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act
of 2010. The rules, which went into effect July 1, 2012, require schools to
serve meals that are lower in calories, free from trans-fat, lower in sodium,
include more fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, and include milk that is
reduced or fat-free. n274 For the past four years, Vilsack has found himself in
the top ten of America's "50 Most Powerful People in Food." n275 In 2014, he
earned the top spot. n276

[*135]

   C. Agency Initiatives and Grants: Growing Regional and Local Food Systems

   1. New Farmers

 Until the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill, no new funding had been allocated to
local food through USDA programs during Obama's presidency, but greater
attention to promoting local food has occurred. For example, the Know Your
Farmer, Know Your Food initiative highlights the benefits of healthy local food
systems, but the program has no new budget. n277 Apart from KYF and the Seasonal
High Tunnel Pilot Program, the grants and programs which were included in the
survey were authorized by earlier farm bills. n278

   2. Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food

   a. Overview

 The USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food campaign launched in 2009 in an
effort to "develop local and regional food systems and spur economic
opportunity." n279 This initiative does not have its own budget, but instead is
an effort to support local and regional food systems by highlighting and
promoting existing efforts, funding programs using existing grants, and reducing
barriers between USDA programs, offices, and staff. n280 For example, the USDA's
website "lists over two dozen programs at USDA that can help build local and
regional food systems." n281 In addition to these programs, the USDA webpage
also provides a list of "tools and resources" to "help farmers, ranchers, other
businesses, communities, and individuals looking to build or take advantage of
local and regional food systems." n282 These resources include mapping and
[*136]  financing tools, as well as publications and presentations on farmers
markets, food hubs, and farming practices. n283

   b. Farmer Response

 Fifty-five of fifty-six farmers responded to the survey question on the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Twenty-two farmers (40%) approved of
this initiative, and another four farmers (7.4%) strongly approved of this
initiative. Six farmers (10.9%) had a neutral opinion, five farmers (9%)
disapproved, and one farmer (1.8%) strongly disapproved. Interestingly,
seventeen farmers (30.9%) had not heard of this initiative.

   The narrative comments were somewhat critical. One farmer noted that the USDA
did not "need to be involved in marketing," while another noted that the USDA is
"not trustworthy." Another remarked that the program was "pretty well hidden
from public view."

   c. Assessment

 Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food is often described as a successful effort to
promote local food production and policies. n284 Vilsack credits this program
with the success of the local food industry. n285 A management and communication
effort, the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative has worked to organize
information on local foods into accessible form. n286 One such form is the KYF
Compass, a map that identifies USDA grants to support local farming -
infrastructure that could assist local business and food producers - and it
highlights the numerous federal agencies involved in local food production. n287
For example, the USDA coordinates with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development, the U.S. Department of Transportation, and the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency to administer Sustainable Community Planning Grants, which
could support developing local food infrastructure. n288 Other examples  [*137]
of KYF success include: a growth in the number of farmers markets and food hubs,
the increase in the number of local food policy councils, and the implementation
of agricultural branding programs like "Jersey Fresh" or "Simply Kansas" in all
fifty states. n289

   3. Grants

 One goal of KYF is to identify programs available to support local food
efforts. n290 There are more than eighteen agencies within the USDA to help
administer the USDA's goals and objectives. n291 These various USDA agencies
administer more than twenty-four grants to "help build local and regional food
systems." n292 I have identified five grants that I thought famers would have
heard of or used, and I provided an "other" option for grants I had not listed.

   Specialty Crop Block Grant Program: USDA agency AMS administers this program;
the program was authorized in the Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004,
and the 2008 Farm Bill amended it. n293 Under the program, the USDA provides
block grants to state agricultural programs to enhance research, marketing, and
promotion of specialty crops. n294 The grants can be used "to increase
consumption, reduce costs of distribution, address environmental and
conservation concerns, and develop "buy local' programs." n295 Funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant program comes from the USDA's Commodity Credit
Corporation (CCC), and it "is therefore mandatory, available without an annual
(or discretionary) appropriation." n296 Program funding has gradually increased
from $ 10 million in 2008 n297 to $ 52 million in 2013. n298 This 2013 amount
[*138]  represented fifty-four block grants to the U.S. and its territories that
will support 694 initiatives nationwide. n299 "More than $ 14.3 million will
support local and regional food systems." n300 For example, one of the projects
receiving funding through the Illinois Department of Agriculture will "increase
local specialty crop sales at designated grocery stores and farmers markets by
implementing the "Illinois Where Fresh is...' buy local marketing campaign."
n301 Another project receiving funding through the Nevada Department of
Agriculture involves "partner[ing] with Gardnerville Main Street Program
Corporation to establish a community supported educational garden at the
Heritage Park Gardens to teach youth and parents about the health benefits of
consuming fresh, locally grown produce." n302

   Farmers Market Promotion Program. The Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act
of 1976 originally authorized this program; farm bills in 2002 and 2008 amended
the program. n303 Under the program, the USDA gives grants to expand farmers
markets and other direct marketing activities, like "roadside stands, community
supported agriculture (CSAs), pick-your-own farms, agritourism, direct sales to
schools, and other direct marketing activities." n304 Organizations eligible for
the program include "farmer cooperatives, grower associations, nonprofit/public
benefit corporations, local governments, economic development corporations,
regional farmers market authorities, among others." n305 FMPP grants utilize
electronic benefits transfer (EBT) payment methods at direct-market outlets.
n306 The program also raises "customer awareness of local foods through
promotion and outreach; educates farmers and growers in marketing, business
planning, and similar topics; increases market awareness through advertising and
branding efforts; and purchases  [*139]  infrastructure, such as refrigerated
trucks." n307 Grants range from $ 15,000 to $ 100,000. n308 Matching funds are
not a requirement. n309

   The 2008 Farm Bill made funding for the FMPP mandatory for the first time.
n310 Funding is through the USDA's Commodity Credit Corporation and was divided
in the following manner: $ 3 million (FY 2008); $ 5 million (FY 2009-10); and $
10 million annually (FY 2011-12). n311 Funding for the Farmers Market Promotion
Program lapsed while plans for a new farm bill were being determined. n312

   Some examples of grants awarded in 2012 include: $ 93,778 to Heart of the
City Farmers Market in San Francisco, California, to increase access to fresh
food by: "1) opening the Market one additional day weekly, 2) increasing
outreach to SNAP recipients, 3) purchasing market supplies, and 4) installing
signage." n313 Another example is a $ 100,000 grant awarded to the City of
Davenport, Iowa, "to establish a year round market for local and regional foods
at [a local farmers market] by purchasing: 1) refrigerated storage and value
added processing and packaging equipment, 2) [building] infrastructure for
electronic purchasing, and 3) creating a certified kitchen incubator for
educational training and classes for producers and consumers." n314

   Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program: The program was authorized
in the 2002 Farm Bill and is administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), an agency within the USDA; the program, however, was not
fully funded until  [*140]  the 2008 Farm Bill. n315 The program "provides
grants to organizations that train, educate, and provide outreach and technical
assistance to new and beginning farmers on production, marketing, business
management, legal strategies and other topics critical to running a successful
operation." n316 Grants can be used to support beginning farmers and ranchers
through: "production and land management strategies that enhance land
stewardship; business management and decision support strategies that improve
financial viability; marketing strategies for increased competitiveness; [and
l]egal strategies that assist with farm or land acquisition and transfer." n317
The maximum amount of the grant is $ 250,000 each year for three years, with 25%
matching funds. n318 The 2008 Farm Bill "appropriated $ 75 million for FY 2009
to FY 2012 to develop and offer education, training, outreach and mentoring
programs to enhance the sustainability of the next generation of farmers." n319

   As an example of a project funded in 2012, the Greater Lansing Food Bank in
Michigan received a grant for three years worth more than $ 350,000 to establish
Lansing Roots, a beginning farmer training program aimed at "increasing the
number of small-scale producers/ market growers in the Lansing area" and
"improving economic livelihood of low-income individuals/families through
self-employment in farming." n320 In another example, the Nationalities Service
Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, received a grant worth more than $ 70,000
to support the Philadelphia Community Farming Collaborative help new and
beginning farmers grow local food. n321

   Rural Business Enterprise or Rural Business Opportunity Grants: These two
grants were authorized in the 1996 Farm Bill and  [*141]  reauthorized in the
2008 Farm Bill. n322 Both grants are administered by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service, an agency within the USDA, and eligible entities include:
rural public bodies (such as towns, communities, state agencies, and
authorities), rural nonprofit corporations, rural Indian tribes, and
cooperatives. n323 While both programs promote economic growth in rural
communities, the RBOG has a specific emphasis on support for collaborative
economic planning and development through regional food systems. n324 Funding
varies between the two programs. The maximum amount of grant funding for RBOG is
$ 100,000, and the most recent appropriation was for $ 2.25 million. n325 While
there is no maximum amount of funding for RBEG, smaller programs receive
priority. n326 Typically, grants are between $ 10,000 and $ 500,000. n327

   Seasonal High Tunnel Program: In 2009, the USDA launched a three-year program
to study the effectiveness of seasonal high tunnels (also known as hoop houses)
in conserving water, reducing pesticide use, maintaining vital soil nutrients,
and increasing crop yields. n328 Funds can be received through the Environmental
Quality Incentives Program, which was authorized in the 1996 Farm Bill and is
administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service. n329 This is a
cost-sharing program, and it supports the installation of seasonal high tunnels
that are "unheated greenhouses that can extend a producer's growing season while
conserving resources." n330 The Seasonal High Tunnel Pilot Program has been very
popular. By  [*142]  January 2011, more than 2400 hoop house contracts worth
more than $ 13 million dollars had been signed. n331 In 2011, 2035 high tunnels
were funded, twenty-three of which were funded through the initiative in the
Greater Cleveland area. n332

   4. Farmer Response

 Many farmers responded that they receive some funding from the federal
government, the most popular being funding as part of the Seasonal High Tunnels
Initiative (29.6% or sixteen farmers), the Farmers Market Promotion Program
(18.9% or ten farmers), and the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(11.3% or six farmers). Farmers in the narrative response portion to this
question also mentioned receiving loans through the Farm Service Agency (FSA).

   5. Assessment

 Many of these programs are not targeted to the individual, but instead focus on
funding states or local governments, non-profits, and other organizations. Small
farmers could benefit if they are associated with an organization receiving
funding. However, farmers could also benefit from more individualized programs
that provide both funds and technical assistance like the Seasonal High Tunnel
Initiative. The USDA recently blogged about a farm in Alaska that benefited from
the high tunnel program. n333 The response to this blog appeared to be positive;
a blog commenter, Jessica, wrote that "this is a wonderful technology to
lengthen the growing season. I am so glad that this is cost shared with NRCS."
n334

[*143]

   D. Narrative Responses

 Thirty-three farmers provided some sort of narrative to the open-ended question
asking for their opinions on federal local food policy. As expected, the
narrative responses to President Obama's efforts were negative, positive, and
somewhere in-between. For example, one farmer simply responded that "he sucks,"
while another noted that what has been done is "a good start." Others described
specific USDA grants as helpful. One farmer noted that "our grants through FMPP
and the BFRDP have been very helpful to us in getting the word out about our
market and supporting our training of new urban farmers, respectively." Two
others noted that the Seasonal High Tunnel Initiative was beneficial.

   Most farmers had mixed feelings. Many were thankful for the increased
publicity in local foods, but were disappointed in the lack of real change in
agricultural policies. From the small farmer perspective, it "seems like big
agri-business and biotech industry still have such a huge influence on policy,"
but this same farmer was still "glad that Obama recognizes the importance of
small farms." Another farmer noted, "while the administration seems to have a
clear interest in promoting healthy food choices, the Department of Agriculture
seems to have done little to redirect the nation away from big agriculture to
local (smaller) farms, who provide the sort of nutritious food the
administration promotes." Still, another farmer was appreciative of "the Obama
Administration's public relation activities, which have brought some attention
to locally produced, small scale and non-toxic food... . But the Obama
Administration's real power has worked for the opposite."

   Along these same lines, others felt that "blaming or giving credit to Obama
for our food system is incorrect." Another viewed "any good or bad in terms of
agriculture law is a direct result of Congress, NOT the executive branch of our
government."

   Despite President Obama's efforts, small farmers continue to note that large
industrialized farming practices control and influence policy at the federal
level. One farmer stated that "the tiny fraction of the budget that goes to know
your framer, local food initiatives, etc. is just a smoke screen to hide the
fact that 90 plus percent of our food is controlled by a handful of giant
corporations." Another farmer expressed that "the US government's financial
might is devoted to maintaining existing pockets of wealth and power, protecting
very  [*144]  large agribusiness and migrating food production toward
monoculture, genetic modification and corporate control."

   One farmer simply responded, "Monsanto owns the government. Obama's polices
are designed by big-ag corporations."

   Another theme that emerged from the surveys was that the federal government
just does not understand what it takes to be a small farmer. One farmer
expressed the opinion that "farmers should have someone dedicated to physically
going out and finding out what farmers need and actively help them get it. Obama
should actually visit a working farm. We have [no] other job, farming is what we
do and how we live." And when the federal government does become involved it
tends to harm rather than help the small farmer according to the surveys. One
farmer wrote that small farmers "should be exempt from regulations." Another
remarked, "leave the farmer alone and let him do his job. Ease up on all the
regulations and mandates and make it easier for him/her to earn a living."

   Along these same lines, farmers wrote that the federal government is
"irrelevant" because so many of the policies do not apply to them: "We're happy
when the government helps support local food, small farmers, farmer's markets,
etc., but we run our business in the free market and it's working fine. My main
opinion of government programs is that most of them should be eliminated."
Another farmer commented, "I believe that most of these programs only apply to
large farms and don't trickle down to us small farm folks."

   Others lamented that there just was not enough time to keep apprised of all
the federal programs and requirements: "Federal programs rarely filter down to
benefit small farms. If they do, the regulations and [paperwork] are too
overwhelming for me to get involved." Another noted that "it was difficult to
keep up with everything. I feel that there is certainly more support given
towards large industrial style farms than small farms." Still another farmer
noted that "to participate you must have a great deal of time to apply, and then
time to fill out lots of [paperwork]."

   Surprisingly, many farmers responded that they were not familiar with an act,
program, or person that I referred to in the survey. One farmer found the survey
"[a] real eye opener ... that stuff is being done to help the small, struggling
famers working with the land and NONE of it is getting down to us - all we hear
about is big business farming and subsidies for super farms. This info is not
getting to the local Farmers Markets and the people it's supposed to help."

    [*145]  Rather than reflecting a lack of information on the issues, these
responses could be a reflection of how time-intensive the farming profession is
and how little time is left for farmers to become informed about available
programs. One tired famer stated that "farming is 24/7 barely time for family,
so tired at the end of the day that to spend energy on finding things we need is
a case by case basis." More so than any profession, farming is a year-round,
sunup to sundown job.

   E. Other n335

 There are three other acts that warrant inclusion in the discussion on Obama's
local food legacy: the White House Rural Council, the Healthy Food Financing
Initiative, and Michelle Obama's Let's Move! campaign.

   During the course of his second presidential campaign, President Obama signed
an executive order establishing the White House Rural Council. n336 Agriculture
was the starting point of the Council, and the secretary of the USDA serves as
chair of the council. n337 Although the focus of the Rural Council is varied,
ranging from improving access to health care and education to promoting
innovation, the creation of the council further underscores that President Obama
understands the importance of a strong rural economy, based partly on
agriculture. n338

   Created in 2009, the Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI) is managed by
the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFI) Fund, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). n339 HFFI represents the federal
government's first coordinated step to expand access to healthy, fresh food in
underserved communities. n340 The initiative provides loans and grants to help
fresh food retailers overcome the higher initial barriers to entry into
underserved, low-income, urban, and rural communities and to support renovation
and expansion of existing stores so they can  [*146]  provide healthy foods for
communities. n341 The goals of this initiative include: eliminating food
deserts, reducing childhood obesity, expanding the number of quality jobs in the
food sector, spurring livable communities and business growth, and creating new
opportunities for agricultural producers. n342 This initiative has been so
successful that it has been included in the most recent farm bill; the USDA now
manages the initiative. n343

   HFFI is viewed as "an effective and sustainable vehicle to eliminate a myriad
of health, social, and economic deficiencies that plague low-income
communities." n344 The HFFI further reflects the Obama Administration's
commitment and efforts to create sustainable local and regional food systems.
n345 Based on the successful Pennsylvania model, the HFFI "exhibits how
connecting producers and consumers can not only provide healthier foods to the
community and ignite economic growth, but also create tangible environmental
improvements." n346

   Finally, a discussion of President Obama's local food legacy would not be
complete without acknowledging the First Lady, her Let's Move! Campaign, and the
White House Kitchen Garden. President Obama often refers to the Let's Move!
campaign when discussing food policy. n347 Launched in February 2010, the Let's
Move! campaign is an effort to solve the country's childhood obesity problem.
The four pillars of this program include: empowering parents and caregivers,
providing healthy foods in schools, improving access to healthy, affordable
foods, and increasing physical  [*147]  activity. n348 Although promoting
locally grown produce is not the focus of this campaign, it does play a role in
providing access to healthy, affordable foods.

   As a precursor to this campaign, the First Lady planted a vegetable garden at
the White House in 2009, the first since Eleanor Roosevelt. n349 This act
further symbolized and represented the benefits of eating local. n350 Although
farmers were not directly asked about Michelle Obama, two farmers responded
positively to her efforts in the narrative portion of the survey. One farmer
noted being "very happy with Michelle Obama's initiatives for healthy food and
activities for children." Another responded, "Mrs. O seems to be doing more for
food awareness among the general public."

   Conclusion

   Recognition But No Revolution

 Evaluating a president's legacy on any type of policy is challenging,
especially when, as is the case here, the president is still in office.
Revolutions, like the one Pollan advocates, often occur over several years. An
assessment of President Obama's local food legacy may be premature given that
the only farm bill he has ever signed was just enacted. Choosing an evaluative
tool by which to measure the president's legacy is also complicated. In terms of
a local food legacy, a more quantifiable approach might look at the increase in
the number of farmers markets and food hubs, or the increase in the number of
[*148]  small farms. Looking at just those factors, local food appears to have
flourished under the Obama Administration. The number of farmers markets and
food hubs has increased. And the number of small farms is increasing, too. n351
Whether these effects stem from federal policies, market forces, or social
movements, however, is difficult to determine. n352

   Because of these challenges, I took a more qualitative approach to evaluating
the president's local food legacy. Rather than just relying on an analysis of a
single piece of legislation or a single data point, I evaluated those
legislative, administrative, and personal decisions made during Obama's
presidency that have addressed local food in some way. n353 I also considered
local farmers' perceptions of these decisions. n354

   Through this analysis, it becomes apparent that President Obama has been
successful in three ways: expanding the scope of food policy decisions at the
federal level to include local food; increasing awareness of the benefits of
local food production and consumption; and increasing consumer access to local
food.

   Before President Obama's election, local food had a limited appearance in
agricultural policies and limited to no appearance in economic or health
policies. Today, the influences of local food can  [*149]  be found in all three
types of polices and have been written into two pieces of federal legislation
addressing child nutrition and food safety. n355 Additionally, local food has
been highlighted through the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Local
food discussions transcend the USDA to include the FDA, the U.S. Department of
the Treasury, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Collaborative enterprises like the Healthy Food Financing Initiative reflect the
Obama Administration's willingness to expand the discussion of local food beyond
agricultural policy where it has traditionally occurred.

   And when discussions on local food are expanded, awareness of the importance
of local food also grows. The White House garden and Michelle Obama's Let's
Move! Campaign are perhaps the most significant ways the Obama Administration
has increased the public's awareness of the health benefits that result from
local food production and consumption. This is closely followed by the Know Your
Farmer, Know Your Food campaign, which has effectively marketed locally grown
products and gathered information for consumers and producers about programs to
support local food.

   The benefits of local food, however, can only be realized if local food is
available. The Obama Administration has also done an admirable job increasing
consumer access to local food. For example, an underlying goal of the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative has been to
improve access to locally grown products. Many children eat two or three meals
each day at school, and the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act offers greater
opportunity for these meals to include locally grown produce. Similarly, the
HFFI expands access to locally grown produce in underserved communities. The
2014 Farm Bill continues and expands SNAP benefits at farmers markets and CSAs.

   Obama has portrayed himself as a president in touch with the local food
movement and is comfortable discussing his local food efforts. For example, in
response to a 2011 YouTube question about how he was going to reverse the cost
of fresh produce as compared to processed food, the president first emphasized
the First Lady's work  [*150]  in making healthy eating a priority. n356 The
president also noted that his administration was encouraging links between local
supermarkets and local farmers. n357 He explained that this approach is "good
for the farmers, good for retail stores in underserved communities, and
ultimately it's good for the consumer." n358 He also mentioned the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act and its effort to get fresh fruit and vegetables into
schools. n359 "All these things," he noted, "are geared towards making local
produce, fresh produce much more available and cheaper to every family and not
just families who can afford to go into high-end supermarkets." n360 Yet
increasing awareness and availability is only part of what is needed to achieve
a sustainable local food system.

   Czarnezki recently wrote that "to change American food consumption, two
changes must take place - increased awareness and increased availability." n361
This involves law and policies that "increase available information about the
consequences of food choices" and "make structural changes in the food system
that increase access to sustainable foods." n362 President Obama has made
strides in both areas. But even Czarnezki recognizes that "other changes must
occur," and that includes changes to "actual agricultural practices." n363 And
it is here where President Obama and future presidents must focus in order to
achieve a revolution. As evidence from the farmers' survey responses, farmers
need more support in educational, financial, and technical ways. Some of these
concerns may be addressed through the 2014 Farm Bill. It is encouraging to see
many of those grants identified as assisting local farmers, such as the Farmers
Market and Local Food Promotion Program receiving full funding in the 2014 Farm
Bill. While funding innovative programs is important, the programs must also be
implemented in a manner that is meaningful to local farmers. Farmers need to be
informed about the grants that are available to them and should be given
assistance when applying for them. KYF is a start, but there is more to be done.

    [*151]  Although President Obama has been criticized for not doing enough to
support local food, n364 he has certainly not ignored the local food movement.
Instead of abandoning his support for industrial agriculture, President Obama's
approach has been to push local agriculture as an alternative, be it through
small pieces of legislation, the advocacy of the USDA, collaborations between
and within agencies, and even through his family and residence. During the
signing of the 2014 Farm Bill, President Obama described the bill as one that
"supports local food by investing in things like farmers markets and organic
agriculture." n365 We should applaud the president and his administration's
efforts to expand the discussion and increase consumption and access to local
food, but also recognize that more can be done to support local food production
and the local food producer.

   It may be naive to suggest that the way America has farmed for the past
several decades could somehow be reversed by one president, especially at a time
when the president has to do more with less. It could be that the stars were not
aligned for President Obama to achieve a revolution; or it is possible that the
stars are just starting to move.

[*152]

   Appendix

   Farmer Survey

 I am writing a paper entitled The Farmer in Chief: President Obama's Local Food
Legacy. I'm interested in getting local farmers' perspectives on what has
happened at the federal level since Obama's election to help local farmers. In
the future, I'd like to write a paper on local food policies, but for now, I am
focusing on federal policies, initiatives, and administrations.

   Farm Type (vegetable, flower, sheep, etc.):

   Size of Farm:

   Location of Farm:

   Number of Years Farming:

   1. What is your impression of the following federal acts that have passed,
failed, or been proposed?

   a. Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Child Nutrition Act 2010)

   Strongly Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   b.Food Safety and Modernization Act of 2010

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   c. Failed Farm Bill of 2013

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   d. Proposed Beginning Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act of 2013

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   e. Proposed Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

    [*153]  2. Have you used or taken advantage of the following grants/programs
administered by the USDA through the 2008 Farm Bill:

   a. Rural Business Enterprise or Opportunity Grant

   Yes No

   If yes, what years?

   b. Specialty Crop Block Grant Program

   Yes No

   If yes, what years?

   c. Farmers Market Promotion Program

   Yes No

   If yes, what years?

   d. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program

   Yes No

   If yes, what years?

   3. Have you taken advantage of the Seasonal High Tunnel Pilot Program (with
NRCS) (funding for hoop houses)?

   Yes No

   If yes, what years?

   4. What is your impression of the USDA's Know Your Farmer Know Your Food
initiative?

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   5. What is your impression of the following administrator?

   a. Tom Vilsack (Secretary of the USDA)

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

    [*154]  6. What is your overall impression of President Obama's local food
policy?

   Strongly Approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly Disapprove

   Narrative

   Feel free to comment on any of the above federal policies, initiatives and
administrators as it relates to promoting local food systems.

   Thank you for your time!

   Sarah Morath

   Assistant Professor, University of Akron School of Law

morath@uakron.edu

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawAssessment & Information AccessPublic
ParticipationGovernmentsFederal GovernmentElectionsPublic Health & Welfare
LawFood & NutritionGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Recently, Joseph Stiglitz, a professor of economics at Columbia University
and a Nobel laureate, pointed out that American food policy is "crazy,"
suggesting ample room for reform. See Joseph E. Stiglitz, Our Crazy Food Policy,
N.Y. Times, Nov. 17, 2013, at SR4; Joseph E. Stiglitz, The Insanity of Our Food
Policy, N.Y. Times, Nov. 16, 2013,
http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/11/16/the-insanity-of-our-food-policy/
?_php =true&_type=blogs&_r=0.





n2.  See generally William S. Eubanks II, The Future of Federal Farm Policy:
Steps for Achieving a More Sustainable Food System, 37 Vt. L. Rev. 957 (2013)
[hereinafter The Future of Federal Farm Policy] (describing five areas of farm
bill reform worthy of congressional consideration); Emily M. Broad Leib, All
(Food) Politics Is Local: Increasing Food Access Through Local Government
Action, 7 Harv. L. & Pol'y Rev. 321 (2013) [hereinafter All (Food) Politics];
Emily Broad Leib, The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform: Using Food and
Agricultural Law to Foster Healthy Food Production, 9 J. Food L. & Pol'y 17
(2013) [hereinafter The Forgotten Half] (describing various ways to increase the
production of specialty crops as a way to reform the industrial food system);
Allison Condra, Food Sovereignty in the United States: Supporting Local and
Regional Food Systems, 8 J. Food L. & Pol'y 281 (2012) (discussing ways state
and federal governments support local and regional agriculture); Jason J.
Czarnezki, Food, Law & the Environment: Informational and Structural Changes for
a Sustainable Food System, 31 Utah Envtl. L. Rev. 263 (2011) (evaluating
information and structural changes for a more sustainable food model); Mary Jane
Angelo, Corn, Carbon, and Conservation: Rethinking U.S. Agricultural Policy in a
Changing Global Environment, 17 Geo. Mason L. Rev. 593 (2010) (exploring the
regulatory and incentive-based federal programs affecting which crops are grown
and the manner in which they are grown); Susan A. Schneider, A Reconsideration
of Agricultural Law: A Call for the Law of Food, Farming, and Sustainability, 34
Wm. & Mary Envtl. L & Pol'y Rev. 935, 937 (2010) (arguing that "sustainable
production and delivery of healthy food" should be the central goals of
agricultural law and its supporting policies).





n3.  While I recognize the important role that state and local governments play
in assisting local farmers and local food production, a discussion of those
efforts is beyond the scope of this Article. For a discussion on the importance
of state and local food policy to the local food movement, see Neil D. Hamilton,
Putting a Face on Our Food: How State and Local Food Policies Can Promote the
New Agriculture, 7 Drake J. Agric. L. 407 (2002).





n4.  See Kelly D. Brownell, Should Government Tell You What to Eat?, Yale Alumni
Mag., July-Aug. 2007, at 30, available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload
/docs/what/policy/YaleAlumniMag.pdf (describing the government's role in
transforming the country from one of undernutrition to overnutrition); see also
Lindsay F. Wiley, The U.S. Department of Agriculture as a Public Health Agency?
A "Health in All Policies" Case Study, 9 J. Food L. & Pol'y 61, 62 (2013) ("The
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) plays an enormously important role in
shaping our nation's food system - the food that's available in stores,
restaurants, schools, workplaces, and our homes; how it is produced and sold;
how it is consumed and by whom.").





n5.  See Angelo, supra note 2, at 597-98.





n6.  See id. at 596; Brownell, supra note 4.





n7.  See generally William S. Eubanks II, A Rotten System: Subsidizing
Environmental Degradation and Poor Public Health with Our Nation's Tax Dollars,
28 Stan. Envtl. L.J. 213, 297-310 (2009) [hereinafter A Rotten System]
(advocating for subsidizing sustainable agriculture as a way to address public
health concerns). William Eubanks has also advocated for sustainable agriculture
practices for environmental reasons. See William S. Eubanks II, The Sustainable
Farm Bill: A Proposal for Permanent Environmental Change, 39 Envtl. L. Rep.
10493 (2009) [hereinafter Sustainable Farm Bill]. Susan Schneider advocates for
sustainable agriculture for primarily health but also environmental and economic
reasons. See Schneider, supra note 2.





n8.  A Rotten System, supra note 7, at 295-96 (noting that to produce food
differently "it will necessarily have to be done more locally, at a smaller and
finer scale... ."); Schneider, supra note 2, at 954 (explaining that a "new
food-focused agriculture should encourage a diverse and regionally based
agriculture that is able to provide local food to customers and retail
clients").





n9.  See All (Food) Politics, supra note 2, at 329-39.





n10.  See Margaret Sova McCabe, Reconsidering Federalism and the Farm: Toward
Including Local, State and Regional Voices in America's Food System, 6 J. Food
L. & Pol'y 151, 154 (2010).





n11.  Nicholas R. Johnson & A. Bryan Endres, Small Producers, Big Hurdles:
Barriers Facing Producers of "Local Foods," 33 Hamline J. Pub. L. & Pol'y 49,
100 (2011) (describing exemptions for small farms in recent federal
legislation).





n12.  The Omnivore's Dilemma, published in 2006, and In Defense of Food,
published in 2008, both received wide acclaim. The Omnivore's Dilemma was named
one of The New York Times Book Review's Ten Best Books of the Year, while In
Defense of Food claimed The New York Times' top bestseller spot. See generally
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals (2006)
[hereinafter Omnivore's Dilemma]; Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's
Manifesto (2008) [hereinafter In Defense of Food].





n13.  Michael Pollan, Farmer in Chief, N.Y. Times Mag. (Oct. 12, 2008),
http://michael pollan.com/articles-archive/farmer-in-chief/.





n14.  Id.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  I recognize that there are many individuals within the legislature and
federal agencies doing the heavy lifting when it comes to food policy. But at
the end of the day, it is the president who signs bills into law, appoints
members to his administrative team, and selects the leaders of federal agencies.
I am not the first to evaluate the effectiveness of a presidential agenda using
this assumption. See generally Rona Kaufman Kitchen, Off-Balance: Obama and the
Work-Family Agenda, 16 Emp. Rts. & Emp. Pol'y J. 211 (2012) (discussing the
effectiveness of President Obama's work-family agenda).





n18.  Harvard Law Sch. Food Law and Pol'y Clinic, Good Laws, Good Food: Putting
State Food Policy to Work For Our Communities 1 (2012), available at
http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/foodpolicyinitiative/files/2012
/12/FINAL-full-state-toolkit .pdf.





n19.  The local food movement is one of several interrelated movements
encompassing the "sustainable food movement," including the organic movement,
the slow food movement, and the "new American" food movement. Stephanie Tai, The
Rise of U.S. Food Sustainability Litigation, 85 S. Cal. L. Rev. 1069, 1072
(2012); see also Czarnezki, supra note 2, at 265-66 (noting the different
non-industrial agricultural models including "civic agriculture," "alternative
agriculture," and "new agriculture").





n20.  Marne Coit, Jumping on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and
Legal Aspects of the Local Food Movement, 4 J. Food L. & Pol'y 45, 46-47 (2008);
accord Johnson & Endres, supra note 11, at 56 (describing the local food
movement as "a purposeful effort by consumers to buy food products from farmers
and producers in the cities, regions, and states in which they live").





n21.  See Derrick Braaten & Marne Coit, Legal Issues in Local Food Systems, 15
Drake J. Agric. L. 9, 10 (2010) (noting that ""local food' does not have one set
definition, legal or otherwise. Local food currently has a variety of meanings,
depending on the context and the party defining it. It is an evolving and often
debated term.").





n22.  Renee Johnson et al., Cong. Research Serv., The Role of Local Food Systems
in U.S. Farm Policy 3-4 (2012), available at http://fyi.uwex.edu/dane
foodsystem/files/2012/01/CRS_LocalFood_FarmPol icy12Jan20-aspx_.pdf.





n23.  See Steve Martinez et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Local Food Systems:
Concepts, Impacts, and Issues iii (2010), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media /122868/err97_1_.pdf; see generally Natural Res.
Def. Council, Food Miles: How Far Your Food Travels Has Serious Consequences For
Your Health and the Climate (2007), available at
http://food-hub.org/files/resources/Food%20Miles.pdf [hereinafter NRDC].





n24.  Alisa Smith & J.B. MacKinnon, The 100-Mile Diet: A Year of Local Eating 10
(2007).





n25.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, 7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i)(I)
(2012). An amendment directs the Secretary of Agriculture to "make or guarantee
loans to individuals, cooperatives, cooperative organizations, businesses, and
other entities to establish and facilitate enterprises that process, distribute,
aggregate, store, and market locally or regionally produced agricultural food
products to support community development and farm and ranch income." Id. §
1932(g)(9)(B)(i). It defines locally or regionally produced agricultural food
products as:



   Any agricultural food product that is raised, produced, and distributed in
(I) the locality or region in which the final product is marketed, so that the
total distance that the product is transported is less than 400 miles from the
origin of the product; or (II) the State in which the product is produced.

 Id. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i).





n26.  See Braaten & Coit, supra note 21, at 11 (for other mileage definitions of
local).





n27.  See NRDC, supra note 23.





n28.  Johnson & Endres, supra note 11, at 90.





n29.  See generally White House Task Force on Childhood Obesity, Solving the
Problem of Childhood Obesity Within a Generation 49-63 (2010), available at
http://www.letsmove.gov/sites/letsmove.gov/files/TaskForce _on_Childhood_Obesity
_May2010_FullReport.pdf.





n30.  Id. at 49-52.





n31.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 5.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Cf. Matthew V. Bradshaw, The Rise of Urban Agriculture: A Cautionary
Tale-No Rules, Big Problems, 4 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 241 (2013); Kathryn A.
Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution, 25 J. Envtl. L.
Litig. 203 (2010) (discussing the benefits of an urban agricultural system).





n35.  Eric S. Bendfeldt et al., A Community-Based Food System: Building Health,
Wealth, Connection, and Capacity as the Foundation of Our Economic Future 8
(2011), available at http://pubs.ext.vt.edu/3306/3306-9029/3306-9029-PDF.pdf.





n36.  Press Release, Ill. Dep't of Agric., Local Food System Has $ 30B Economic
Stimulus Potential for Illinois Economy (Mar. 4, 2009), available at
http://www.agr.state.il.us /newsrels/r0304091.html.





n37.  Food Bank of N. Ala., Local Foods: Potential to Build Health & Wealth in
Alabama, available at http://www.crcworks.org/huntsville.pdf.





n38.  Executive Summary to Brad Masi et al., The 25% Shift: The Benefits of Food
Localization for Northeast Ohio & How to Realize Them (2010), available at
http://www.neofoodweb.org/sites/default/files/resources/the2
5shift-foodlocalizationinthe NEOregion.pdf.





n39.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass 78,
available at http://www.usda.gov/documents/KYFCompass.pdf [hereinafter Know Your
Farmer].





n40.  See generally Bradshaw, supra note 34; Peters, supra note 34.





n41.  Specialty crops are defined as "fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)." Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program-Farm Bill, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData
.do?template=TemplateN&rightNav1=SpecialtyCropBlockGrant 0Program
&topNav=&leftNav=CommodityAreas&page=SCB GP&resultType (select "What are
Specialty Crops?") (last visited Aug. 3, 2014).





n42.  See The Future of Federal Farm Policy, supra note 2, at 958-59.





n43.  See generally Small Farm Today Mag., http://www.smallfarmtoday.com (last
visited Aug. 25, 2014) (defining a "small farm as a farm that is 179 acres or
less in size, or earns $ 50,000 or less in gross income per year"); see also
Bureau of the Census, Agricultural Brief: Large Farms Are Thriving in the United
States 2 (1996), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/1992/outlying/ab _9601.pdf (noting
that industrialized farms average approximately 1542 acres in size while small
farms average approximately 271 acres in size).





n44.  Robert A. Hoppe et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Small Farms in the United
States: Persistence Under Pressure 1 (2010), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov /media/147007/eib63_1_.pdf (defining small farms as
those with annual sales less than $ 250,000); see also U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
2007 Census of Agriculture: Small Farms, available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_ Highlights
/Fact_Sheets/Farm_ Numbers/small_farm.pdf (defining small farms as farms with $
250,000 or less in sales of agricultural commodities).





n45.  Sarah A. Low & Stephen Vogel, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Direct and
Intermediate Marketing of Local Foods in the United States 4 (2011), available
at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/err-economic-research-report/err128.aspx#.U
t6 dexAo7cs.





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id.





n48.  The survey was determined to be exempt from IRB review by the University
of Akron Institutional Review Board. Letter on file with author. The
Institutional Review Board typically must approve "non-exempt" research before
it may begin with human subjects. Institutional Review Boards (IRBs), U.S. Dep't
of Health and Human Servs., http://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/assurances/irb/ (last
visited Aug. 25, 2014).





n49.  Emily Broad Leib calls these farms part of the "alternative food system."
The Forgotten Half, supra note 2, at 31-32.





n50.  See Appendix for the survey questions.





n51.  Many farmers market websites have links to vendors where information about
the farmer, the farm operation, and contact information can be obtained.
Realtimefarms.com was another online source used to locate farmers. To a certain
extent, I selected which farms received the survey.





n52.  The results of the survey are on file with the author.





n53.  This question had fifty-one responses.





n54.  This question had fifty-one responses. Unfortunately, I did not
differentiate between the number of acres cultivated, leased, or grazed, and the
number of acres owned. Some of the "larger" farms could have a smaller number of
acres actually cultivated.





n55.  This question had fifty-three responses.





n56.  This question had fifty-four responses.





n57.  Braaten & Coit, supra note 21, at 10 (describing the "upsurge in interest"
in the local food movement). However, scholars like Neil D. Hamilton have been
discussing the importance of local food for more than decade. See generally Neil
D. Hamilton, Tending the Seeds: The Emergence of a New Agriculture in the United
States, 1 Drake J. Agric. L. 7 (1996) [hereinafter Tending the Seeds]; Neil D.
Hamilton, Greening Our Garden: Public Policies to Support the New Agriculture, 2
Drake J. Agric. L. 357 (1997); Neil D. Hamilton, The Legal Guide for Direct Farm
Marketing (1999).





n58.  For example, the cover of the March 12, 2007, issue of Time magazine
states "Forget Organic. Eat Local." Forget Organic. Eat Local, Time, Mar. 12,
2007, available at http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,20070312,00.html.





n59.  John Ikerd, Healthy Food, Local Food (2009), available at
http://web.missouri .edu/ikerdj/papers/Jeff%20City%20Catholic%20Conf%20--
%20Healthy%20Local%20 Food.htm.





n60.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., National Count of Farmers Market Directory Listing
Graph: 1994-2013,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template
=TemplateS&leftNav=WholesaleandFarmersMarkets&page=W
FMFarmersMarketGrowth&description=Farmers%20Market%20Growth (last modified Aug.
3, 2013).





n61.  Id.





n62.  Id.





n63.  Id.





n64.  Scott Malone, Farmers Warm to Community Agriculture Model, Reuters (Aug.
26, 2009, 7:07 PM),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/08/26/us-usa-farms-community-id
USTRE57P5O920090826; Tending the Seeds, supra note 57, at 16.





n65.  Marian Burros, Preserving Fossil Fuels and Nearby Farmland by Eating
Locally, N.Y. Times (Apr. 25, 2007),
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/25/dining/25loca.html
?ref=localfood&pagewanted=all.





n66.  Neil D. Hamilton, America's New Agrarians: Policy Opportunities and Legal
Innovations to Support New Farmers, 22 Fordham Envtl. L. Rev. 523, 523 (2011).





n67.  Id. at 524.





n68.  Id. at 527.





n69.  Id. at 527-28.





n70.  Id. at 526-27.





n71.  Down on the Farm, a Vibrant Community, Univ. of Wash. Coll. of Arts & Sci.
(2010), http://www.artsci.washington.edu/newsletter/July10/UWFarm.as p (last
visited Aug. 3, 2014).





n72.  California Farm Academy, Ctr. for Land-Based Learning, http://landbased
learning.org/farm-academy (last visited Aug. 3, 2014).





n73.  Become a Service Member, FoodCorps,
https://foodcorps.org/become-a-service-member (last visited Aug. 3, 2014).





n74.  Grist Staff, Locavore is New Oxford American Dictionary Word of the Year,
Grist (Nov. 17, 2007, 2:48 AM), http://grist.org/article/locavore/.





n75.  Oxford Word of the Year: Locavore, Oxford Univ. Press Blog (Nov. 12, 2007,
7:08 AM), http://blog.oup.com/2007/11/locavore/.





n76.  Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life
(2007).





n77.  See Angelo, supra note 2, at 593; Omnivore's Dilemma, supra note 12; In
Defense of Food, supra note 12.





n78.  King Corn (Mosaic Films 2007).





n79.  Food, Inc. (Magnolia Pictures 2009).





n80.  Pollan describes industrial farming as a method that relies on fossil
fuels and chemical fertilizers. See Omnivore's Dilemma, supra note 12; see also
Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding Our Future: Six Philosophical Issues Shaping
Agricultural Law, 72 Neb. L. Rev. 210, 213 (1993) (describing the
"industrialization" of agriculture); Jodi Soyars Windham, Putting Your Money
Where Your Mouth Is: Perverse Food Subsidies, Social Responsibility & America's
2007 Farm Bill, 31 Environs Envtl. L. & Pol'y J. 1, 6-9 (2007) (describing the
reasons for the rise of industrial agriculture in America). Numerous scholars
have explored the negative impacts of industrial agricultural practices. See
articles cited supra note 2.





n81.  Locavore, http://www.getlocavore.com (last visited Aug. 4, 2014).





n82.  See Luxury and Locavore Meet at Lake Placid for Golden Arrow Resort's Farm
Tour Weekend, Elite Traveler (Aug. 9, 2012),
http://www.elitetraveler.com/travel-news
/luxury-and-locavore-meet-at-lake-placid-for-golden-arrow-resorts-farm-
tour-weekend.





n83.  The 2008 Farm Bill definition was the first legislative acknowledgement of
local food.





n84.  The First Lady's book followed. Michelle Obama, American Grown: The Story
of the White House Kitchen Garden and Gardens Across America (2012).





n85.  Andrew Martin, Is a Food Revolution Now in Season?, N.Y. Times (Mar. 21,
2009), http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/22/business/22food.html?pagew
anted=all&_r=0 (noting that the First Lady has been "the most vocal booster" of
local food).





n86.  See McCabe, supra note 10, at 153-54 (describing how the federal
government controls America's food system).





n87.  Ali, What Does an Obama Win Mean for the U.S. Food Supply?, Ethicurean,
http://www.ethicurean.com/2008/11/06/obama-and-the-food-supply/ (last visited
Aug. 4, 2014) ("Between April and October, John McCain uttered the word
"agriculture' only twice, and "nutrition' just once. Barack Obama did slightly
better, referring to "agriculture' twelve times and "nutrition' four times. He
gave farms a passing mention in his speech at the Democratic National Convention
in August."). Despite being relatively quiet on the local food issue, President
Obama was vocal about genetically modified organisms (GMOs). While on the
campaign trail in 2007, President Obama promised Iowa farmers the following:
"We'll let folks know whether their food has been genetically modified because
Americans should know what they're buying." President Obama Signs "Monsanto
Protection Act,' EcoWatch (Mar. 27, 2013, 4:00 PM),
http://ecowatch.com/2013/obama-signs-monsanto-protection-act/.





n88.  See Obama for Am., Obama vs. McCain on Agriculture and Rural Issues,
available at http://obama.3cdn.net/0ac86d6cd1d15c3fc8_xhamvyq 11.pdf (last
visited Sept. 12, 2014).





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  Wall Street Crisis a Top Priority, But What About Our Farms?, N.Y. Bounty
(Sept. 25, 2008, 11:40 PM),
http://mcorreia.wordpress.com/2008/09/25/wall-street-crisis-a-top-priority-but-w
hat-about-our-farms/.





n92.  Id.





n93.  Forrest Laws, Farmers' Decision Will Not Be Easy in November, Delta Farm
Press (Sept. 29, 2008),
http://deltafarmpress.com/farmers-decision-will-not-be-easy-november.





n94.  Kisha Lewellyn Schlegel, Pick Your Ticket: How the Presidential Candidates
View Agriculture, NewWest (Feb. 5, 2008),
http://newwest.net/topic/article/pick_your_ticket
_how_the_presidential_candidates _view_agriculture/C520/L40/.





n95.  Laws, supra note 93.





n96.  Dave Lefever, Candidate Reps Discuss Farm Policy Proposals, Lancaster
Farming (Oct. 24, 2008) (on file with author).





n97.  Id.





n98.  David M. Herszenhorn & David Stout, Defying President Bush, Senate Passes
Farm Bill, N.Y. Times (May 15, 2008),
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/05/15/washington/15cnd - farm.html.





n99.  See David M. Herszenhorn, Reaching Well Beyond the Farm, N.Y. Times (May
20, 2008), http:// www.nytimes.com/2008/05/20/washington/20farm.html.





n100.  Herszenhorn & Stout, supra note 98.





n101.  Herszenhorn, supra note 99; cf. Melanie J. Wender, Goodbye Family Farms
and Hello Agribusiness: The Story of How Agricultural Policy is Destroying the
Family Farm and the Environment, 22 Vill. Envtl. L.J. 141, 161-62 (2011)
(discussing the improvements of the 2008 Farm Bill).





n102.  Barack Obama II's Voting Records, Project Vote Smart,
http://votesmart.org /candidate/key-votes/9490/barack-obama-ii (last visited
Aug. 4, 2014); John McCain III's Voting Records, Project Vote Smart,
http://votesmart.org/candidate/key-votes/53270
/john-mccain-iii/?p=7#.U-B2rSjEeTM (last visited Aug. 4, 2014); see also Larry
Rohter, Obama Camp Closely Linked With Ethanol, N.Y. Times (June 23, 2008),
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/06/23/us/politics/23ethanol.html?pagewante
d=all&_r=0 (noting that McCain would have vetoed the bill as president).





n103.  Consistent with McCain's campaign promises for fiscal responsibility,
McCain opposed the 2008 Farm Bill, calling it "a bloated piece of legislation."
Ken Dilanian, Bill Includes Billions in Farm Subsidies, USA Today (May 15,
2008), http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/washington/2008-05-15-farmbill_N.htm.





n104.  Obama supported subsidizing domestically produced ethanol; McCain opposed
it. Rohter, supra note 102.





n105.  Jim Goodman, McCain and Obama Need to Talk Real Farm Policy, Organic
Consumers Ass'n (Oct. 10, 2008),
http://www.organicconsumers.org/articles/article_15099.cfm.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Philip Brasher, GOP Senators Challenge Vilsack on Local Foods Focus, Des
Moines Reg. (May 4, 2010),
http://blogs.desmoinesregister.com/dmr/index.php/2010/05
/04/gop-senators-challenge-vilsack-on-local-foods-focus.





n108.  Lindsey Boerma, McCain Mocks Farm Bill Pork on Senate Floor, CBS News
(June 14, 2012),
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/mccain-mocks-farm-bill-pork-on-senate-floor/.





n109.  Alan Bjerga, Congress Passes Farm Bill to End Fight over Food Stamps,
Bloomberg (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-02-04/congress-passes-farm-bill-to-end-fight-
over-food-stamps.html.





n110.  Susan Ruland, Election Pains or Gains?, Food Processing (Oct. 4, 2012),
http://www.foodprocessing.com/articles/2012/election-pains-or-gains/?start=0.





n111.  See The Obama-Biden Plan, Change.gov,
http://change.gov/agenda/rural_agenda/ (last visited Aug. 4, 2014).





n112.  Id.





n113.  Id.





n114.  Susan Schneider, The Last Four Years: Change at the USDA, Agric. L. Blog
(Oct. 28, 2012, 2:24 PM),
http://aglaw.blogspot.com/2012/10/the-last-four-years-change-at-usda .html.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  See, e.g., Matt Russell & Patrick Standley, Iowa Farms NEED Another Four
Years of Obama, Bleeding Heartland (Oct. 24, 2012, 10:20 PM),
http://www.bleedingheart
land.com/diary/5803/iowa-farms-need-another-four-years-of-obama.





n118.  Eleanor West, Agriculture Policy Cheat Sheet: Obama Vs. Romney, Food
Republic (July 10, 2012, 9:01 AM),
http://www.foodrepublic.com/2012/07/10/agriculture
-policy-cheat-sheet-obama-vs-romney (noting that "not even [Mitt Romney] seems
to know for sure" where he stands on food-related issues).





n119.  Tom Laskawy, The Man Without a Plan: Romney Has No Real Food and Farming
Platform, Grist (Sept. 10, 2012, 10:15 AM),
http://grist.org/food/the-man-without-a-plan -
romney-has-no-real-food-and-farming-platform/.





n120.  West, supra note 118.





n121.  Corn Caucus Project, Iowa Corn Grower's Ass'n (2011), available at
http://www.iowacorn.org/documents/filelibrary/presidential
_caucus/smallerreportcard grade_C2B2294DC9F28.pdf ("Presidential candidates were
asked to answer a survey on questions that relate to the National Corn Growers
Association legislative priorities. Topics included in the survey [were]:
ethanol, farm programs, trade, EPA and transportation.").





n122.  See John Vogel, Romney Farm Team Unveils Agricultural Policy Platform,
Farm Progress (Aug. 20, 2012),
http://farmprogress.com/story-romney-farm-team-unveils-agricultural-policy-platf
orm-9-62594-spx_0.





n123.  Mitt Romney Will Kill More Small Farms, Nat'l Fork (Apr. 18, 2012),
http://nationalfork.com/mitt-romney-will-kill-more-small-farms/.





n124.  Erik Wasson, Romney Blames Obama for Congress's Failure to Pass New Farm
Bill, The Hill (Oct. 9, 2012, 6:39 PM),
http://thehill.com/policy/finance/261015-romney
-blames-obama-for-failure-to-pass-farm-bill.





n125.  Romney for President, Inc., Agricultural Prosperity: Mitt Romney's Vision
For a Vibrant Rural America 4 (2012), available at http://www.hagstrom
report.com/assets/2012/2012_1009_RomneyAgriculture.pdf.





n126.  According to its website, "United Fresh Produce Association is the
industry's leading trade association committed to driving the growth and success
of produce companies and their partners." The United Fresh Produce Association,
United Fresh, http://www.unitedfresh.org/about (last visited Aug. 4, 2014).





n127.  President Obama and Governor Romney Respond to United Fresh on the
Produce Industry's Top Issues, United Fresh,
http://www.unitedfresh.org/presidential_nominees _responses (last visited Aug.
4, 2014).





n128.  United Fresh, Obama Campaign Responds to Questions from United Fresh,
available at http://www.unitedfresh.org/assets/ObamaResponse.pdf [hereinafter
Obama Campaign Responds].





n129.  United Fresh, Romney Campaign Responds to Questions from United Fresh,
available at http://www.unitedfresh.org/assets/RomneyResponse.pdf.





n130.  Obama Campaign Responds, supra note 128.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 75.





n134.  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, http://www.usda.gov/wps
/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_COMPASS (last visited Aug. 5, 2014).





n135.  The first federal act to use the phrase "local food" was the 2008 Farm
Bill.





n136.  Lauren Kaplin, A National Strategy to Combat the Childhood Obesity
Epidemic, 15 U.C. Davis J. Juv. L. & Pol'y 347, 352 (2011).





n137.  See id.; see also Marion Nestle, President Signs Healthy, Hunger-Free
Kids Act, at Last!, Food Politics (Dec. 14, 2010),
http://www.foodpolitics.com/2010/12/president-signs-healthy-hunger-free-kids-act
-at-last/.





n138.  Nestle, supra note 137.





n139.  For a more detailed discussion of the strengths and weaknesses of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, see Melissa D. Mortazavi, Are Food
Subsidies Making Our Kids Fat? Tensions Between the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act
and the Farm Bill, 68 Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 1699 (2011).





n140.  Helena Bottemiller, President to Sign Landmark Child Nutrition Bill, Food
Safety News (Dec. 13, 2010),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2010/12/president-to-sign-land
mark-child-nutrition-bill-today/.





n141.  USDA Rule Encourages Local Food for School Meals, Food Safety News (Apr.
29, 2011),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2011/04/usda-rule-to-encourage-local-food-for
-school-meals/.





n142.  Nat'l Farm to Sch. Network, The Benefits of Farm to School, available at
http://www.farmtoschool.org/Resources/BenefitsFactSheet.pdf.





n143.  Id. (reporting an increase in fruit and vegetable consumption of .99 to
1.3 more servings per day in children in kindergarten through twelfth grade).





n144.  One Oregon study from before the act noted that "for every Oregon job
directly created by school districts purchasing local food, successive rounds of
economic activity create another 1.43 jobs, for an overall increase of 2.43
jobs." Stacey Sobell, School Food Success: Oregon Lawmakers Pledge to Spend +$
1M on Local Ingredients, Civil Eats (Sept. 17, 2013),
http://civileats.com/2013/09/17/school-food-success-oregon-lawmakers-pledge-to-s
pend-over-a- million-on-local-ingredients/#sthash.XUzx6SFw.dpuf.





n145.  42 U.S.C. § 1769(g)(2) (2012).





n146.  Id. § 1769(g)(3)(A)(vii).





n147.  Id. § 1769(g)(5)(A)-(C). In addition, local education agencies must
establish a "local school wellness policy" for all schools under its
jurisdiction. Id. § 1758b(b)(3). The act delegates to the USDA the duty to
promulgate "regulations that provide the framework and guidelines" for these
local school wellness policies which focus on limiting the availability of
unhealthy foods and developing guidelines for nutrition and physical education.
Id. § 1758b(b).





n148.  Gretchen Goetz, USDA Makes Grants Available for Farm to School Programs,
Food Safety News (Apr. 19, 2012),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/04/usda-makes-grants-available-to-farm-to-sch
ool-programs/.





n149.  Id.





n150.  Id.





n151.  Id.





n152.  Goetz, supra note 148.





n153.  Id.





n154.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Farm to School FY 2013: Grant Awards 17
(2012), available at http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/F2S_Grant
s-FY2013.pdf.





n155.  Id. at 9.





n156.  Id.





n157.  Goetz, supra note 148.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Food and Nutrition Serv., Geographic Preference Option for the
Procurement of Unprocessed Agricultural Products in Child Nutrition Programs,
Fed. Reg. (Apr. 22, 2011),
https://www.federalregister.gov/articles/2011/04/22/2011-9843/geographic-prefere
nce-option-for-the- procurement-of-unprocessed-agricultural-products-in-child.





n160.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., New USDA Rule Encourages the
Purchase of Local Agricultural Products for Critical Nutrition Assistance
Programs (Apr. 26, 2011), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2011/ 04/0180
.xml&contentidonly=true.





n161.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Celebrates One Year Anniversary
of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Dec. 13, 2011), available at
http://www.fns.usda .gov/pressrelease/2011/051211.





n162.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Awards First Grants to Increase
Local Foods in Eligible Schools (Nov. 14, 2012), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal /usda/usdahome?contentid=2012/11 /0343.xml.





n163.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Announces Additional Support to
Help Schools Buy Local (Nov. 19, 2013), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda /usdahome?contentid=2013/11/0218.xml.





n164.  The Farm to School Census: National Overview, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www .fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/census#/ (last visited Aug. 26, 2014).





n165.  The Farm to School Census: State & District, Food and Nutrition Serv.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/census#/map (last visited Aug. 26, 2014).





n166.  The Farm to School Census, supra note 164.





n167.  Id.





n168.  Nat'l Farm to Sch. Network, The Benefits of Farm to School, available at
http://www.maine.gov/education/sfs/benefits-of-farm-to-school.pdf.





n169.  Stacey Sobell, Oregon Designates $ 1.2 Million for Local Food in School
Cafeterias, Plus Food, Garden, and Agricultural Education, EcoTrust (July 10,
2013), http://www
.ecotrust.org/press/oregon-designates-million-local-food-in-schools.html.





n170.  Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention, Vital Signs: Obesity Among
Low-Income, Preschool-Aged Children - United States, 2008-2011, 62 Morbidity &
Mortality Wkly. Rep. 629, 630 (2013), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml /mm6231a4.htm?s_cid=mm6231a4_w. The CDC
study reports that between 2008 and 2011, "significant downward trends in
obesity prevalence" were observed in eighteen states and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. Id.





n171.  Id. at 631. Emerging studies also show that the availability of fruits
and vegetables through farm stands and farmers markets increases consumption of
fruits and vegetables. Investing in Healthy Food Will Save Lives and Dollars
(2013), Union of Concerned Scientists,
http://www.ucsusa.org/food_and_agriculture/sol
utions/expand-healthy-food-access/11-trillion-reward.html (last modified Aug. 7,
2013).





n172.  Perhaps that would have been a better question for my survey.





n173.  Can You Tell Me About Starting Farm to School Programs? I'm a Farmer and
I'd Love to Provide Schools in My Area with Healthy Food, Farm Aid (Oct. 2010),
http://www.farmaid.org/site/apps/nlnet/content2.aspx?c=qlI5I
hNVJsE&b=2723877&ct=8842627#2.





n174.  Betty T. Izumi et al., Market Diversification and Social Benefits:
Motivations of Farmers Participating in Farm to School Programs, 26 J. Rural
Stud. 374, 376 (2010), available at
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0743016710000161.





n175.  FSMA Proposed Rule for Produce Safety, U.S. Food & Drug Admin.,
http://www .fda.gov/Food/guidanceregulation/FSMA/ucm334114.htm (last updated
Aug. 4, 2014). The CDC reports that "about 48 million people (1 in 6 Americans)
get sick, 128,000 are hospitalized, and [3000] die each year from foodborne
diseases." Background on the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), U.S. Food
& Drug Admin., http://www.fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation/FSMA/ucm239907.ht m
(last visited Aug. 27, 2014).





n176.  Geoffrey S. Becker, Cong. Research Serv., Food Safety: Selected Issues
and Bills in the 110th Congress 1-2 (2008), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter .org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RL34152.pdf.





n177.  Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 111-353, 124 Stat. 3885
(2011).





n178.  Senate Food Safety Bill Includes Improvements that Support Farmers, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal. (Apr. 14, 2010),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/senate
-food-safety-bill-includes-improvements-for-farmers/.





n179.  For a detailed examination of the Tester-Hagan Amendment to the FSMA, see
Peter Anderson, Empowering Local and Sustainable Food: Does the Food Safety
Modernization Act's Tester-Hagan Amendment Remove Enough Barriers, 9 J.L. Econ.
& Pol'y 145 (2012).





n180.  See 21 U.S.C. § 350h(f)(1) (2012) for the exemption of direct farm
marketing to the standards for produce safety and 21 U.S.C. § 350g(l)(2) (2012)
for the exemption of "a qualified facility" under the hazard analysis and
risk-based preventive controls.





n181.  Margie MacDonald & Judith McGeary, S. 510 Food Safety Modernization Act:
Healthy Local Foods Amendment - Senators Jon Tester and Kay Hagan, W. Org. of
Res. Councils, http://www.worc.org/userfiles/file/Local%20Foods/QA_
Tester_Amendment .pdf (last visited Aug. 29, 2014).





n182.  21 U.S.C. § 350h(f).





n183.  Id. § 350h(f)(3)(A).





n184.  Dan Flynn, Sunday Surprise: Senate Passes Food Safety Bill, Food Safety
News (Dec. 20, 2010),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2010/12/sunday-surprise-senate-passes
-food-safety-bill/#.UwliGfldWSo (describing the bill's "tortured life").





n185.  Debra M. Strauss, An Analysis of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act:
Protection for Consumers and Boon for Business, 66 Food & Drug L.J. 353, 354
(2011).





n186.  Id.





n187.  Id. at 358-59.





n188.  See id. at 355.





n189.  Sabrina Tavernise, Groups Urge Action on Food Safety Law, N.Y. Times
(July 17, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/17/science/consumer-groups-criticize-delay-on-foo
d-safety-law.html?_r=0.





n190.  Statement by Margaret A. Hamburg, Comm'r of Food and Drugs, Food and Drug
Admin. (Dec. 21, 2010), available at http://www.fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation
/FSMA/ucm238000.htm.





n191.  Overview of the FSMA Proposed Rules on Produce Safety Standards and
Preventive Controls for Human Food, Food and Drug Admin.,
http://www.fda.gov/Food /GuidanceRegulation/FSMA/ucm334120.htm (last visited
Aug. 27, 2014).





n192.  Id.





n193.  FSMA Proposed Rule for Preventive Controls for Human Food, Food and Drug
Admin., http://www.fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation/FSMA/ucm334115.htm (last
updated May 13, 2014).





n194.  Comments included: "Only approve with the Tester-Hagan Amendments
intact," and "reason I don't disapprove is because of Tester-Hagan Amendment
which exempts small farms."





n195.  Denis Ebodaghe et al., 16 Small Farm Digest: Food Safety for Small
Farmers 7 (2013), available at
http://www.nifa.usda.gov/newsroom/newsletters/small farmdigest/sfd_s13.pdf.





n196.  See, e.g., Lisa Abraham, Bessemer Farms Calls It Quits, Says New Farm
Rules Too Cumbersome, Akron Beacon J. (July 7, 2013), http://www.ohio.com
/news/top-stories
/bessemer-farms-calls-it-quits-says-new-farm-rules-too-cumbersome-1.41162#.Ul4Eu
oO 0wlM.email; Jim Ewing, Food Movement May Be Torpedoed by FDA, ShooFly Farm
Blog (Oct. 26, 2013), http://shooflyfarmblog.wordpress.com/2013
/10/26/food-movement -may-be-torpedoed-by-fda/.





n197.  Abraham, supra note 196.





n198.  See Brian Snyder, FSMA: There's Something Happening Here, Write to Farm
(Nov. 1, 2013),
http://writetofarm.com/2013/11/01/fsma-theres-something-happening-here/.





n199.  Tom Philpott, 4 Foods That Could Disappear if New Food Safety Rules Pass,
Mother Jones (Nov. 6, 2013, 7:00 AM), http://www.motherjones.com/tom-philpott
/2013/11/will-new-food-safety-law-small-farms-organic-FSMA.





n200.  FDA to Issue Two Revised FSMA Rules Next Summer, Food Safety News (Dec.
19, 2013),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2013/12/fda-to-issue-revised-fsma-rules/#.Uu
CsghAo7IV; see also Learn About the Issues, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal.,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/fsma/learn-about-the-issues/ (last visited
Aug. 7, 2014) (listing the concerns of farmers and on-farm food processors).





n201.  Joan Murphy, 75 Members of Congress Ask FDA to Re-Propose FSMA Rules,
Produce News (Nov. 26, 2013),
http://www.producenews.com/index.php/news-dep-menu/test-featured/
11802-75-members-of-congress-ask-fda-to-re-propose-fsma-rules.





n202.  Statement by Michael Taylor, FDA Deputy Comm'r for Foods and Veterinary
Med., Food and Drug Admin. (Dec. 19, 2013), available at http://www.fda.gov
/Food/GuidanceRegulation/FSMA/ucm379397.htm?source=govdelivery
&utm_medium=email&utm_source=govdelivery.





n203.  Id.





n204.  See generally Jerome Nathaniel, Farm Bill 2013: An Inside Look at the
Most Important Bill You've Never Heard Of, Mic (Oct. 29, 2013),
http://www.mic.com/articles
/70309/farm-bill-2013-an-inside-look-at-the-most-important-bill-you-ve-never-hea
rd- of.





n205.  In October 2013, Obama identified reforming immigration, resolving the
budget, and passing a farm bill as three priorities for 2014. Charles Abbott &
Leslie Gevirtz, Obama Says New U.S. Farm Bill is Near-Term Priority, Reuters
(Oct. 17, 2013, 5:44 PM),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/17/us-usa-agriculture-obama-idUSBRE99G
1DT20131017.





n206.  Michael D. Shear, In Signing Farm Bill, Obama Extols Rural Growth, N.Y.
Times (Feb.7, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/08/us/politics/farm-bill.html.





n207.  Sustainable Farm Bill, supra note 7, at 10,494.





n208.  Erin Morrow, Agri-Environmentalism: A Farm Bill for 2007, 38 Tex. Tech L.
Rev. 345, 350 (2006); see also Sustainable Farm Bill, supra note 7, at 10,494.





n209.  See Renee Johnson & Jim Monke, Cong. Research Serv., What is the Farm
Bill? 1 (2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads//assets/crs /RS22131.pdf.
"There have been 17 farm bills since the 1930s (2014, 2008, 2002, 1996, 1990,
1985, 1981, 1977, 1973, 1970, 1965, 1956, 1954, 1949, 1948, 1938, and 1933).
Farm bills have become increasingly omnibus in nature since 1973 with the
inclusion of a nutrition title." Id. at n.1.





n210.  Id. at 1.





n211.  Wiley, supra note 4, at 78. "Although the 2002 Farm Bill enhanced
subsidies for crops that advocates point to as contributing to unhealthy eating,
it also instituted new subsidies for "specialty crops,' including fruits and
vegetables." Id.





n212.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, H.R. 6124, 110th Cong.
(2008).





n213.  Jonathan Weisman & Dan Morgan, House Overrides Veto of Farm Bill, Wash.
Post (May 22, 2008),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/05
/21/AR2008052101313.html.





n214.  Lindsay Voirin, Federal Law and Legislation, 24 J. Land Use & Envtl. L.
159, 175-76 (2008).





n215.  See Neil D. Hamilton, Farms, Food, and the Future: Legal Issues and
Fifteen Years of the "New Agriculture," 26 J. Envtl. L. & Litig. 1, 5 (2011)
(noting that the 2008 Farm Bill took several important steps to address "new
farmers").





n216.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i) (2012).





n217.  Jim Monke et al., Cong. Research Serv., Expiration and Extension of the
2008 Farm Bill 1 (2013), available at http://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42442.pdf.
For example, the nutritional assistance programs are discretionary and therefore
require reauthorization, while crop insurance is mandatory and is permanently
authorized.  Id. at 1-3.





n218.  See The Fate of the 37 Expired Baseline Programs, Nat'l Farmers Union
(Jan. 1, 2012), http://nfu.org/component/content/article/1245.





n219.  See Mark Bittman, The Secret Farm Bill, N.Y. Times (Nov. 8, 2011),
http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/11/08/the-secret-farm-bill/?_php=true&
_type =blogs&_r=0 (describing the different positions on the farm bill in 2011).





n220.  Tom Vilsack, infra note 263.





n221.  See Charles Abbott, Food Stamp Debate Holds Up Farm Bill, Reuters (Oct.
12, 2013), available at
http://www.csmonitor.com/Business/Latest-News-Wires/2013/1012
/Food-stamp-debate-holds-up-farm-bill (describing how the debate over funding
food stamps delayed passage of the bill).





n222.  Jeannie Nuss, Agriculture Secretary Urges Passage of Farm Bill Now,
Capital Press (Oct. 31, 2013, 9:03 AM),
http://www.capitalpress.com/article/20131031 /ARTICLE/131039983.





n223.  Kate Fitzgerald, Farm Bill 2013: A Mixed Bag, Fair Food Network (May 22,
2013, 1:30 PM),
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/farm-bill-2013-mixed-bag.





n224.  Id.





n225.  Ron Nixon, No Farm Bill in Sight as Recess Looms for Congress, N.Y. Times
(Dec. 11, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/12/us/politics/no-farm-bill-in-sight-as-recess
-looms-for-congress.html.





n226.  Cf. id.





n227.  The survey was sent out during the summer and fall of 2013; therefore,
farmers' responses are to the proposed farm bill in 2013 rather the enacted 2014
Farm Bill.





n228.  Ron Nixon, Senate Passes Long-Stalled Farm Bill, With Clear Winners and
Losers, N.Y. Times (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/05/us/politics/senate-passes
-long-stalled-farm-bill.html?_r=0.





n229.  2014 Farm Bill Drilldown: Local and Regional Food Systems, Healthy Food
Access, and Rural Development, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. (Feb. 11, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farmbill-local-rd-organic/
[hereinafter 2014 Farm Bill Drilldown].





n230.  Id.





n231.  Id.





n232.  Id.





n233.  Id.





n234.  Id.





n235.  United Fresh: Farm Bill Victory for Specialty Crops, Fresh Fruit Portal
(Feb. 7, 2014),
http://www.freshfruitportal.com/2014/02/07/united-fresh-farm-bill-victory-for-
specialty- crops/?country=others. The senior vice president of public policy for
United Fresh, a produce industry association, noted that most of the programs
related to their constituency "either increased or remained the same." Id.





n236.  Press Release, United Fresh, Farm Bill Contains Major Advances for Fresh
Produce Industry (Jan. 28, 2014), available at
http://www.unitedfresh.org/assets/NR_United%20
Statement%20Farm%20Bill%2020140128.pdf.





n237.  2014 Farm Bill Drilldown, supra note 229.





n238.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Recap and Wrap Up, Nat'l Sustainable Agric.
Coal. (Feb. 14, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-fb-drill-down-wrap-up/.





n239.  The legislation was first introduced on November 1, 2011, as H.R. 3286/S.
1773, 112th Cong. (2011), and it was reintroduced as H.R. 1414/S. 679 on April
9, 2013. H.R. 3286 (112th): Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011,
GovTrack.us, https://www .govtrack.us/congress/bills/112/hr3286#summary (last
visited Aug. 9, 2014); S. 1773 (112th): Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011,
GovTrack.us, https://www.govtrack .us/congress/bills/112/s1773 (last visited
Aug. 9, 2014); H.R.1414-Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Open Cong.,
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/hr1414-113/show (last visited Aug. 22, 2014);
S.679-Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Open Cong.,
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/s679-113/show (last visited Aug. 22, 2014).





n240.  Renee Johnson et al., Cong. Research Serv., The Role of Local Food
Systems in US Farm Policy 20 (2012), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0 /getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5097249.





n241.  Local Foods Bill Will Provide Healthy Food and Create Jobs, EcoWatch
(Apr. 10, 2013, 10:30 AM),
http://ecowatch.com/2013/04/10/local-foods-bill-provide-healthy-food-create-jobs
/; The Fate of the 37 Expired Baseline Programs, supra note 218.





n242.  Condra, supra note 2, at 311.





n243.  Local Farms, Food and Jobs Act: What the Bill Does, Pingree.House.gov,
http://pingree.house.gov/local-farms-food-and-jobs-act-what-the-bill-does (last
visited Aug. 9, 2014) [hereinafter Local Farms].





n244.  See id.





n245.  See Megan Galey & A. Bryan Endres, Locating the Boundaries of Sustainable
Agriculture, 17 Nexus J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 3, 21 (2012).





n246.  Local Farms, supra note 243.





n247.  Id.





n248.  For a summary of the 2011 and 2013 versions, see Beginning Farmer and
Rancher Opportunity Act of 2011 (H.R.3236, S.1850), Sustainable Agric.,
http://sustainable
agriculture.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Brief-Summary-of-Beginning-Farmer-and
-Rancher-Opportunity-Act-of- 2011.pdf (last visited Aug. 27, 2014) [hereinafter
Beginning Farmer]; Press Release, Tom Harkin, Legislation Aims to Support Next
Generation of Farmers (Apr. 25, 2013), available at
https://www.harkin.senate.gov/press/release.cfm ?i=341545 [hereinafter
Legislation Aims to Support].





n249.  Beginning Farmer, supra note 248.





n250.  Alecia Meuleners, Finding Fields: Opportunities to Facilitate and
Incentivize the Transfer of Agricultural Property to New and Beginning Farmers,
18 Drake J. Agric. L. 211, 229 (2013).





n251.  See Legislation Aims to Support, supra note 248.





n252.  Tyler Slack, Bridging the Gap: Farm Transition Challenges Facing Elder
Farmers and the Need for a Nationwide Farm-On Program, 20 Elder L.J. 485, 487-88
(2013).





n253.  NFSN Endorses the Local Farms, Food and Jobs Act, Nat'l Farm to Sch.
Network (May 2013), http://pages.invoc.us/archive/bWVzc2FnZV8yMDU1NjU2XzI2
XzEwMjZfMjQzNzI=.





n254.  See, e.g., Jane Black, Vilsack Says USDA Must Serve Eaters as Well as
Farmers, Wash. Post (Feb. 5, 2009),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009
/02/04/AR2009020403467.html (noting that Vilsack's nomination meant
"agribusiness as usual" to food policy advocates).





n255.  Id. As governor of Iowa, Vilsack promoted ethanol production and
agricultural biotech. Martin, supra note 85.





n256.  Ben Block, U.S. Agriculture Nominee Attracts Controversy, World Watch
Inst., http://www.worldwatch.org/node/5970 (last visited Aug. 28, 2014).





n257.  Neil D. Hamilton, Moving Toward Food Democracy: Better Food, New Farmers,
and the Myth of Feeding the World, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. 117, 119 (2011).





n258.  Block, supra note 256.





n259.  Id.





n260.  Transcript of News Conference with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack,
U.S. Dep't of Agric. (Jan. 26, 2009),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly
=true&contentid=2009/01/0027.xml.





n261.  Tom Vilsack, the New Face of Agriculture, Wash. Post (Feb. 11, 2009),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/story/2009/02/10/ST2009021002624
.html.





n262.  Id.





n263.  Tom Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Address at John Deere Des
Moines Works (Oct. 24, 2011) [hereinafter Tom Vilsack Address], available at
http://www.usda .gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2011/10/0458.xml.





n264.  Id.





n265.  Id.





n266.  Hamilton, supra note 257, at 118-19 (describing many of Vilsack's
initiatives that "gave new life to the ideas of food democracy").





n267.  Vilsack Urges Renewal of Rural America, Ag & Food L. Blog (Feb. 1, 2010),
http://www.agandfoodlaw.com/2010/02/vilsack-urges-renewal-of-rural-america.html?
utm _source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm
_campaign=Feed%3A+agandfoodlaw+%28The+United+States+A
gricultural+%26+Food+Law+and+Policy+Blog+-+Home+Page +and+Listserv%29.





n268.  See Tom Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Developments in Federal
Agricultural Law and Policy, Address to the Am. Agric. L. Ass'n (Oct. 18, 2012)
[hereinafter Tom Vilsack, Developments], 18 Drake J. Agric. L. 1, 1 (2013).





n269.  See infra Part III.





n270.  Tom Vilsack, Developments, supra note 268, at 9.





n271.  Brasher, supra note 107.





n272.  Id.





n273.  Tom Vilsack Address, supra note 263 (noting that the three core
principles of agriculture should include "maintaining a strong safety net ...
supporting sustainable productivity, and ... promoting vibrant markets").





n274.  Phil Lempert, First Lady and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack "Do Lunch"
Right!, Huffington Post (Jan. 25, 2012, 12:47 PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/phil
-lempert/first-lady-and-agricultur_b_1231260.html.





n275.  See Colman Andrews, America's 50 Most Powerful People in Food for 2011,
Daily Meal (Jan. 12, 2011),
http://www.thedailymeal.com/50-most-powerful-food-folk-america-for-2011.





n276.  Colman Andrews, America's 50 Most Powerful People in Food for 2014
(Slideshow), Daily Meal (Jan. 21, 2014),
http://www.thedailymeal.com/americas-50-most-powerful-people-food-2014-slideshow
. Daily Meal editors note that "our ultimate criterion [for the list] was simply
this: Is each person on our list capable, whether by dint of corporate station,
media access, moral authority, or sheer personality, of substantially changing,
improving, and/or degrading the quality and variety of the American diet or the
way we think about it?" Id. at Full Story.





n277.  Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 9-10.





n278.  Farmers were not surveyed on all possible USDA programs that might
benefit local and regional food systems. Instead, farmers were surveyed on those
grants that I identified as being particularly attractive to local farmers.





n279.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Launches "Know Your Farmer,
Know Your Food' Initiative to Connect Consumers with Local Producers to Create
New Economic Opportunities for Communities (Sept. 15, 2009).





n280.  See generally Know Your Farmer, supra note 39.





n281.  Grants, Loans, & Support, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal /usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_GRANTS (last modified
June 28, 2013) [hereinafter Grants].





n282.  Tools and Resources, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda /usdahome?navid=KYF_RESOURCES (last modified
Apr. 30, 2014).





n283.  Id.





n284.  Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 77 (noting that "KYF has advanced
USDA's understanding of and support for local and regional food efforts in
important ways"). Kathleen Merrigan, former USDA Deputy Secretary was
instrumental in creating, implementing, and administering KYF. Id.
Unfortunately, I did not have space in my survey to ask farmers about her.





n285.  See Tom Vilsack, Developments, supra note 268, at 9 (noting that local
food is now a billion dollar industry).





n286.  See Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 6.





n287.  Id. at 72.





n288.  Id. at 75.





n289.  Our Mission, U.S. Dep't of Agric. (Aug. 19, 2013),
http://www.usda.gov/wps /portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_MISSION.





n290.  See Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 6.





n291.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., About USDA-A Quick Reference Guide (2012),
available at http://www.usda.gov/documents/about-usda-quick-reference-guide.pdf.





n292.  Grants, supra note 281; see also Know Your Farmer, supra note 39, at 78
(noting that the "USDA has identified at least 27 USDA grant, loan or loan
guarantee programs authorized to support work on local and regional foods and
found that stakeholders have been utilizing these resources to significant
effect.").





n293.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 35.





n294.  Voirin, supra note 214, at 176.





n295.  Id.





n296.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 35.





n297.  Id.





n298.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Specialty Crop Block Grants
Create New Economic Opportunities and Grow Markets in Local Communities (Sept.
24, 2013), available at
http://usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2013/09/0 187.xml
&contentidonly=true.





n299.  Id.





n300.  Id.





n301.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Fruit and Vegetable Programs: Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (2013), available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile
?dDocName=STELPRDC5105139.





n302.  Id.





n303.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 36.





n304.  Id.





n305.  Id.





n306.  Id. The 2008 Farm Bill "mandated that USDA spend at least ten percent of
the program's budget to support the use of electronic benefits transfer systems
at farmers markets." Galey & Endres, supra note 245, at 21.





n307.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 36.





n308.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farmers Market Promotion Program Announcement 2
(2014), available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDoc
Name=STELPRDC5107561.





n309.  Id.





n310.  Farmers Market Promotion Program, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal.,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassrootsgui
de/local-food-systems-rural-development/farmers-market-promotion-program/ (last
visited Aug. 10, 2014). "Despite its "mandatory' status, the funding level for a
given year could be less than the farm bill dictates should the Appropriations
Committee decide to raid the farm bill to fund other programs under its
jurisdiction." Id.





n311.  Id.





n312.  See Daniel Z. Brito, Government Shutdown Leaves Farm Bill Stranded; Local
Food Programs That Could Save Taxpayers Billions Remain in Limbo, Union of
Concerned Scientists (Oct. 3, 2013),
http://www.ucsusa.org/news/commentary/govt-shutdown -harms-Farm-Bill-0408.html.





n313.  Farmers Market Promotion Program-FY 2012 Awards, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC510 0605 (last visited
Aug. 10, 2014).





n314.  Id.





n315.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 39.





n316.  Grants, Loans, and Support: Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development
Program (BFRDP), U.S. Dep't of Agric., http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda
home?contentid=kyf_grants_nifa3_content.html (last modified Feb. 20, 2013).





n317.  Id.





n318.  Id.





n319.  Grants: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Development Program (BFRDP), U.S.
Dep't of Agric., http://www.nifa.usda.gov/fo/beginningfarmerandrancher.cfm (last
updated Apr. 23, 2014).





n320.  Lansing Roots: Beginning Farmer Training Program, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://cris.nifa.usda.gov/cgi-bin/starfinder/0?path=fastlink1.txt&id=anon&pass=&
am p;search =R=53220&format=WEBFMT6NT (last visited Aug. 28, 2014).





n321.  Philadelphia Farms: Philadelphia Community Farming Collaborative Develops
New and Beginning Farmers to Grow Local Food for Philadelphia, U.S. Dep't of
Agric.,
http://cris.nifa.usda.gov/cgi-bin/starfinder/0?path=fastlink1.txt&id=anon&pass
=&search=R=53416&format=WEBFMT6NT (last visited Aug. 28, 2014).





n322.  Johnson et al., supra note 22, at 44-45.





n323.  Id.





n324.  See id.





n325.  Grants: Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG), U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_RBOG.html (last modified June 20, 2014).





n326.  Grants, Loans, and Support: Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG), U.S.
Dep't of Agric., http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=kyf
_grants_rd6 _content.html (last modified Feb. 20, 2013).





n327.  Business and Cooperative Assistance: Rural Business Enterprise Grants
(RBEG) Program, U.S. Dep't of Agric., http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html
(last modified Sept. 14, 2011).





n328.  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA to Launch High Tunnel Pilot
Study to Increase Availability of Locally Grown Foods (Dec. 16, 2009), available
at http://www .usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true&
contentid=2009/12/0617.xml.





n329.  See Environmental Quality Incentives Program, Nat'l Sustainable Agric.
Coal., http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassrootsgui
de/conservation-environ ment/environmental-quality-incentives-program/ (last
visited Aug. 11, 2014).





n330.  Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP), U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http ://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=kyf&uscor
e;grants_nrcs3_content.html (last modified May 9, 2014).





n331.  See Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Provides Update on Seasonal
High Tunnel Pilot (Jan. 7, 2011), available at
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/news/releases/2011 /high_tunnels_1.7.2011.html.





n332.  See NRCS Initiative Brings Hoop Houses, Fresh Produce, to Cleveland Area,
Farm and Dairy (Feb. 22, 2013),
http://www.farmanddairy.com/news/nrcs-initiative-brings
-hoop-houses-fresh-produce-to-cleveland-area/47867.html; Organic and High Tunnel
Deadline Approaching, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. (Mar. 9, 2012),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/organic-high-tunnel-deadline/.





n333.  See generally Dave Ianson, Alaska Growers Net Many Benefits from Seasonal
High Tunnel, U.S. Dep't of Agric. Blog (Dec. 24, 2013, 11:30 AM),
http://blogs.usda.gov
/2013/12/24/alaska-growers-net-many-benefits-from-seasonal-high-tunnel/#more-493
80.





n334.  Id. at Comments.





n335.  Local farmers were not surveyed on these programs and initiatives.





n336.  Executive Order-Establishment of the White House Rural Council, White
House (June 9, 2011),
http://www.whitehouse.gov/administration/eop/rural-council/executive-order.





n337.  Id.





n338.  See id.





n339.  Healthy Food Financing Funds, Healthy Food Access,
http://healthyfoodaccess .org/funding/healthy-food-financing-funds (last visited
Aug. 28, 2014).





n340.  See id.





n341.  See id.





n342.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Healthy Food Financing Initiative Implementation
Plan 1-2 (2010), available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName
=STELPRDC5085689.





n343.  The Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI): An Innovative
Public-Private Partnership Sparking Economic Development and Improving Health,
PolicyLink, http://www.healthyfoodaccess.org/sites/default/files/updated
-hffi-fact-sheet.pdf (last updated June 3, 2014).





n344.  Recent Developments in Environmental Law, 24 Tul. Envtl. L.J. 423, 443
(2011).





n345.  Id.





n346.  Id.





n347.  Combating youth obesity has emerged as a theme of the Let's Move!
campaign. Learn the Facts, Let's Move!,
http://www.letsmove.gov/learn-facts/epIdemic-childhood-obesity (last visited
Jan. 29, 2013). Heeding the advice of public health experts, Michelle Obama's
initiative emphasizes strategies to reduce cost barriers to healthy lifestyles.
Sheryl Gay Stolberg, Childhood Obesity Battle Is Taken Up by First Lady, N.Y.
Times, Feb. 10, 2010, at A16.





n348.  Press Release, White House, First Lady Michelle Obama Launches Let's
Move: America's Move to Raise a Healthier Generation of Kids (Feb. 9, 2010),
available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/first-lady-michelle-obama-launches-le
ts-move-americas-move-raise-a-healthier-generation.



   Let's Move is comprehensive, collaborative, and community-oriented and will
include strategies to address the various factors that lead to childhood
obesity. It will foster collaboration among the leaders in government, medicine
and science, business, education, athletics, community organizations and more.
And it will take into account how life is really lived in communities across the
country - encouraging, supporting and pursuing solutions that are tailored to
children and families facing a wide range of challenges and life circumstances.

 Id.





n349.  Marian Burros, Obama to Eat Local Produce (Really Local), N.Y. Times,
Mar. 20, 2009, at A1; see also Natasha Metzler, Michelle Obama Expands the White
House Garden, Christian Sci. Monitor (Apr. 1, 2010), http://
www.csmonitor.com/The
-Culture/Gardening/2010/0401/Michelle-Obama-expands-the-White-House-garden.





n350.  Jaime Bouvier, The Symbolic Garden: An Intersection of the Food Movement
and the First Amendment, 65 Me. L. Rev. 425, 434 (2013) (describing how the
White House Garden "was the result of organized advocacy efforts to raise
awareness about local food").





n351.  The U.S. Census Bureau noted a slight increase from 2002 to 2007 in the
number of farms fewer than 179 acres. See U.S. Census Bureau, Table 824. Farms -
Number and Acreage: 1990 to 2010, Census.gov,
http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012 /tables/12s0824.pdf (last visited
Aug. 11, 2014); Brad Plumer, After a 70-Year Drop, Small Farms Make a (Small)
Comeback, Wash. Post, Oct. 2, 2012, http://www
.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/10/02/after-a-70-year-drop-farming-ma
kes -a-small-comeback/ (noting that the number of small farms is increasing
while the number of medium-large farms is dwindling); Molly Manns, Farming for
Data: Agriculture in Indiana, In Context (Oct. 2007),
http://www.incontext.indiana.edu/2007/october/5.asp (noting that the number of
farms in Indiana "covering one to 49 acres of land increased 32 percent from
1997 to 2002").





n352.  See Stephen Carpenter, A New Higher Ceiling in Agricultural Law, 18 Drake
J. Agric. L. 13, 22-24 (2013) ("The extent to which new farm and food movements
act through the market and not through government policy is notable... . The
core of [these] new movements, however, is voluntary action in dialectic between
farmers, consumers, and those in between."). As one farmer aptly stated, "we
notice more effect on our farm when Martha Stewart or Sunset Magazine publishes
an article suggesting people shop at farmers markets than any policies generated
from the federal level." But see Tom Vilsack, Developments, supra note 268, at 8
(explaining a "sixty percent increase in the number of farmers markets in part
because of our Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative").





n353.  See generally The Forgotten Half, supra note 2, at 40; Johnson & Endres,
supra note 11 (describing exemptions for small farms to recent federal
legislation).





n354.  I use the term "perception" because it seemed that some of the responses
did not reflect a complete understanding of the legislation or grant.





n355.  Local food also made its way into Obama's international aid policies when
he suggested that the government buy food from local farmers in poor countries
instead of buying food from American farmers and shipping it abroad. Ron Nixon,
Obama Administration Seeks to Overhaul International Food Aid, N.Y. Times (Apr.
4, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/05/us/politics/white-house-seeks-to-change-inter
national-food-aid.html?_r=0.





n356.  YouTube World View, Cost of Nutritious Food - President Obama's YouTube
Interview 2011, YouTube (Jan. 28, 2011), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9EHbQ
qyrjs.





n357.  Id.





n358.  Id.





n359.  Id.





n360.  Id.





n361.  Czarnezki, supra note 2, at 278.





n362.  Id. at 278-79.





n363.  Id. at 278 n.82.





n364.  Wenonah Hauter, Dear Obamas: Let's Move ... on Food Policy Reform, Grist
(Feb. 12, 2011, 2:00 AM),
http://grist.org/sustainable-food/2011-02-11-dear-obamas-lets-move-on-food-polic
y-reform/. Many farmers were also critical of Obama for his continued
relationship with "big ag" players, such as Monsanto.





n365.  Transcript of Remarks by the President at Signing of the Farm Bill,
Michigan State University (Feb. 7, 2014), (transcript available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/photos-and-video/video/2014/02/07/president-obama-spea
ks-farm-bill-and- economy).


                              28 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 23, 2012

MN awarded 2012 Specialty Crop Block Grant from USDA

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 239  words


The State of Minnesota has been awarded more than $700,000 in 2012 Specialty
Crop Block Grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). Specialty
crops include fruits, vegetables, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants,
tree nuts, flowers, and nursery plants (horticulture and floriculture). The
grants will give producers of these crops a competitive edge in today's
marketplace.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program for fiscal year 2012 supports initiatives
that:

Increase nutritional knowledge and specialty crop consumption

Improve efficiency within the distribution system and reduce costs

Promote the development of good agricultural, handling and manufacturing
practices while encouraging audit fund cost-sharing for small farmers, packers
and processors.

Support research through standard and green initiatives

Enhance food safety

Develop new/improved seed varieties and specialty crops

Control pests and diseases

Create organic and sustainable production practices

Establish local and regional fresh food systems

Expand food access in under-served/food desert communities

All 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico,.American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands and
the U.S. Virgin Islands received grants this year, totaling $55 million.

Visit www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp to review the 2012 project summaries and view a
list of all the awards, including the Minnesota projects.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Ortonville Independent


                              29 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

REMINDER: SPECIALTY CROP BLOCK GRANT APPLICATIONS DUE MAY 2

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Department of Agriculture, The State of Iowa has issued the
following news release:



   Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today reminded Iowans that the
deadline to apply for grant funding through the Specialty Crop Block Grant
program is May 2.  The grants are available to support projects that enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops grown in Iowa.





 The USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, which administers the program, has
reported that Iowa will receive $244,352.23 in funding this year.



 "The Specialty Crop Block Grant funds can support food safety, research and
marketing efforts that will encourage Iowans to choose the products that are
produced right here in our state," Northey said.  "Specialty crops are a very
important part of Iowa agriculture as they allow farmers to diversify and give
customers access to locally grown products."



 Grant funds shall be used for projects that solely enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops that benefit the specialty crop industry as a whole and will
not be awarded for projects that directly benefit a particular product or
provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or individual.



 Iowa agencies, universities, institutions, and producer, industry, and
community based organizations are all eligible to apply for funding to enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops.  In addition, single organizations,
institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as project partners.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Projects

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: Pierre


State News of SOUTH Dakota has issued the following news release:

The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces federal funds are
available for specialty crop projects.

Organizations involved in the South Dakota specialty crop industry can now apply
for select federal funding of projects that enhance the competitiveness of
fruits, dried fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops and horticulture.

The funds can be used for marketing, promotion, research, food safety,
nutrition, distribution and best management practices to advance the specialty
crop industry. Projects must benefit more than one product or organization and
must solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in South Dakota.
Projects that solely benefit one grower, individual or product will not be
funded.

"Production of specialty crops in the state continues to be on the rise," said
Secretary of Agriculture Lucas Lentsch. "These funds allow us to support this
growing market in South Dakota agriculture."

These federal funds are part of the Specialty Crop Block Grant, a program funded
through the Farm Bill.

SDDA has established the following priority areas:
o Marketing and promotion
o University research
o Industry education
o Local foods initiatives

Applications may be submitted for projects outside of the priority areas. All
applications are due to SDDA by April 4, 2015.

For program guidelines, application forms or other Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program information, call 605.773.5436 or visit http://sdda.sd.gov/grants/
specialty-crop-block-grant/.

Agriculture is South Dakota's No. 1 industry, generating $25.6 billion in annual
economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans. The South Dakota
Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect, preserve, and
improve this industry for today and tomorrow.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Georgia Department of Agriculture announces Specialty Crop Block Grant Program
for 2016

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Department of Agriculture, The State of Georgia has issued the
following news release:



   The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) is pleased to announce the
competitive solicitation process to award the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant.
The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funds projects that "enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops." Specialty crops are defined as: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees,
turfgrass/sod, nursery and greenhouse crops, including floriculture. Please see
the specific listing of all eligible crops at www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/scbgp.





 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) will make grant funding available, with Georgia's share being
approximately $1 million this year.



 "The goal of this grant program is to help fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in
relation to each dollar spent," said Agriculture Commissioner Gary W. Black. "We
encourage organizations such as IRS-designated non-profits, commodity
commissions, associations, state and local government entities and colleges and
universities to consider applying."



 Note that USDA-AMS rules state that grant funds will NOT be awarded for
projects that solely benefit a particular commercial product or provide a profit
to a single organization, institution, or individual. Single organizations,
institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as project partners
with eligible entities.



 "The process is slightly different this year in that we will take Concept
Proposals for review. By March 4th, those who have the strongest Concept
Proposals will be invited to submit a full application. Once finalized, each
application will be carefully reviewed and evaluated by a Review Committee
sometime in June," said Jeanne Maxwell, director of grants for GDA. "Then, all
Department-approved projects will be combined and written as one grant
submission to the USDA/AMS. Upon approval from USDA, we will notify applicants
of their status, which we expect to be in September 2016."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 17, 2006 Sunday

Definition of 'specialty crops' grows;
Rules clarify that canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for
millions of dollars in federal funds

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, THE FRESNO BEE

SECTION: Pg. F4

LENGTH: 587 words


Score one for California wineries and Central Valley food processors.

Their canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for millions of
dollars in federal funds devoted to promoting "specialty crops." That's a
bottom-line victory, following a peculiar bureaucratic battle whose origins
remain a tad murky.

Earlier this month, the Agriculture Department spelled out the rules for how the
specialty crop block grant funds can be spent. Some $7 million will be provided
in 2006 with California taking the largest share.

It's a relatively small amount, compared with the traditional crop subsidies
spanning hundreds of millions of dollars annually for cotton, rice, wheat and
corn growers.

Nonetheless, the new specialty crop block grant program has been treasured by
fruit and vegetable growers who complain they've been shortchanged in federal
farm bills.

"California specialty crop growers compete daily against foreign growers who are
heavily subsidized and face comparatively less environmental regulation,"
California Women for Agriculture President Mary Ann Graff advised the
Agriculture Department.

Urged on by then-Rep. Doug Ose, R-Sacramento, Congress approved the new
specialty crop block grant program in 2004.

Up to $44.5 million in annual funding is supposed to help increase fruit,
vegetable and nut consumption and improve the "competitiveness" of U.S.
producers.

"Significant federal investment ... is absolutely essential to fostering the
future of American agriculture," Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, and 17 other
House members advised the Agriculture Department.

To spread the political benefits, lawmakers ensured that each state receives at
least $100,000. The rest of the money is divided according to a state's share of
specialty crop production, which is golden for California.

Last April, though, the Agriculture Department threatened to split the
agriculture industry by proposing that "fresh specialty crop projects" enjoy
priority in funding. That stunned some.

"The department's emphasis should be promoting a well-rounded nutritious diet
for all Americans and not singling out one category of fruits and vegetables,"
urged Dennis Balint, chief executive officer of the California Walnut
Commission.

Seventy other farm organizations, ranging from the Valley Fig Growers to the
California Tomato Growers Association, submitted similar public comments
opposing the proposal. Many of the written comments carried identical wording, a
sign of an orchestrated campaign.

"These comments have merit," the Agriculture Department now concedes.

"The (2004 law) does not restrict the term specialty crops to only fresh
commodities and, as such, both fresh and processed specialty crop producers
would benefit from the block grants provided for in this program."

That original proposal prompted worries among farm groups hoping to maintain a
united political front going into the 2007 farm bill debate; it was never really
clear whose fingerprints were on the original proposal.

In the rules made final this week, the Agriculture Department emphasized that
the grants are supposed to aid only crops grown in the United States.

Officials also offered a broad definition of eligible programs, including
everything from consumer ad campaigns to research and environmental
conservation.

Some organizations, for instance, had hoped the rules would specify that
products including lavender, ginger root, coffee and seaweed are all eligible
for funding. Department officials said they would leave those details to later.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Regulation; Removal of a
Final Rule

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 1290
[Document No. AMS-TM-16-0004] RIN 0581-AC59 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program
Regulation; Removal of a Final Rule AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service.
ACTION: Final rule; removal.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is rescinding and removing from the
Code of Federal Regulations 7 CFR part 1290 entitled ``Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program'' (SCBGP) in its entirety. This regulation implemented the SCBGP
for the fiscal years 2006 to 2008 and is now obsolete. DATES: Effective April
19, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trista Etzig, Grants Division
Director; Telephone: (202) 720-8356; email:

Trista.Etzig@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: SCBGP is authorized under
the Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note). AMS
published 7 CFR part 1290, as a Final rule, in the Federal Register on September
11, 2006 (71 FR 53307), to establish regulations for SCBGP. SCBGP is a
noncompetitive grant program that [[Page 22514]] makes funds available to
eligible entities for projects to solely enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops. The rule established SCBGP eligibility and application
requirements, review and approval processes, and grant administration procedures
for SCBGP for the fiscal years 2006 to 2008. The grant agreements that 7 CFR
part 1290 affected have expired and the regulations are now obsolete. Therefore,
the AMS is rescinding and removing the regulation implementing the SCBGP from
2006 to 2008 in its entirety. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1290 Agriculture,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Specialty crop block grants. PART
1290--[REMOVED AND RESERVED] For the reasons set forth in the preamble, under
the authority of 7 U.S.C. 1621 note, 7 CFR part 1290 is removed. Dated: April
12, 2016. Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR
Doc. 2016-08832 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Regulation; Removal of a
Final Rule

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 1290
[Document No. AMS-TM-16-0004] RIN 0581-AC59 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program
Regulation; Removal of a Final Rule AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service.
ACTION: Final rule; removal.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is rescinding and removing from the
Code of Federal Regulations 7 CFR part 1290 entitled ``Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program'' (SCBGP) in its entirety. This regulation implemented the SCBGP
for the fiscal years 2006 to 2008 and is now obsolete. DATES: Effective April
19, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trista Etzig, Grants Division
Director; Telephone: (202) 720-8356; email:

Trista.Etzig@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: SCBGP is authorized under
the Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note). AMS
published 7 CFR part 1290, as a Final rule, in the Federal Register on September
11, 2006 (71 FR 53307), to establish regulations for SCBGP. SCBGP is a
noncompetitive grant program that [[Page 22514]] makes funds available to
eligible entities for projects to solely enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops. The rule established SCBGP eligibility and application
requirements, review and approval processes, and grant administration procedures
for SCBGP for the fiscal years 2006 to 2008. The grant agreements that 7 CFR
part 1290 affected have expired and the regulations are now obsolete. Therefore,
the AMS is rescinding and removing the regulation implementing the SCBGP from
2006 to 2008 in its entirety. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1290 Agriculture,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Specialty crop block grants. PART
1290--[REMOVED AND RESERVED] For the reasons set forth in the preamble, under
the authority of 7 U.S.C. 1621 note, 7 CFR part 1290 is removed. Dated: April
12, 2016. Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR
Doc. 2016-08832 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $565,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for federal
grants benefitting specialty crops. The Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant is offered through the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA). Agricultural associations, industry groups, community-based
organizations, and producer groups that seek to improve the competitiveness of
specialty crops in Virginia are eligible to submit proposals for grants up to
$60,000 per project.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly $565,000 in funds
for the development of specialty crop projects.  The deadline for returning
applications is April 2, 2015.

Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Given its standing as one
of Virginia's largest private industries, I am committed to keeping agriculture
at the forefront of my administration's strategic economic development and job
creation plans.  I encourage producer groups to take advantage of the
opportunity to apply for project funding that will enhance the competitiveness
and, ultimately, the marketability of Virginia's many specialty crops.  Full
utilization of these types of grants and others is an important aspect of our
overall efforts to build a new Virginia economy."

Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco. Processed foods are
eligible as long as they enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.
Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain how an
association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research, promotion
and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that improve
food access.

In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:

Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;
    Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;
    Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing Good Agricultural Practices, Good Handling Practices, and Good
Manufacturing Practices;
    Investing in specialty crop research, including organic research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;
    Enhancing food safety;
    Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops, pest and
disease control;
    Developing organic and sustainable production practices;
    Developing local and regional food systems; and
    Improving food access in underserved communities.

Guidelines, instructions, and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at
http://www.vdacs.virginia.gov/marketing/scrop.shtml (click on Application Form
to apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov, or at
VDACS, 102 Governor Street, Richmond, VA  23219.

According to a 2013 economic impact study conducted by the Weldon Cooper Center
for Public Service at the University of Virginia, agriculture and forestry are
two of Virginia's largest private industries with a combined economic impact of
$70 billion annually.  Agriculture generates more than $52 billion per annum,
while forestry contributes more than $17 billion.  The industries also provide
more than 400,000 jobs in the Commonwealth.  More information about the Weldon
Cooper Center's study can be found at:
http://www.coopercenter.org/node/2/publications/economic-impacts-agriculture-and
-forestry-virginia-revised-2012.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Helping States Build an Agricultural Future

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Specialty crops--fruits, vegetables, nuts and nursery crops--are an
agricultural and dietary staple.  They're a central part of a healthy diet and
are vital to the economic success of American agriculture and to the farmers and
businesses that rely on them for their livelihoods.





 That's why my agency, USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service, works to support
and expand markets for specialty crop growers and producers.  This year, through
our Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, we awarded $62.5 million to all 50
states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories to support critical
work related to this segment of the agricultural industry.



 USDA's investments are funding a total of 690 projects that will help growers
tackle a variety of issues--from food safety training to setting up shared
processing centers.  These block grants give states and territories vital
resources to invest in their growers, build stronger markets and strengthen
rural America.



 At USDA's Fall Forum in New Hampshire today, I had a chance to visit with local
producers and talk about some of the key issues that will impact the future of
agriculture. I heard about the many opportunities and challenges that local
farmers are facing, including challenges for small and midsized produce growers.
The conversation focused on how we can build on our successes, address the
changing landscape and continue to build a strong partnership to support this
sector long into the future.



 While the Specialty Crop Block Grant program supports a wide range of efforts,
some projects help build the capacity of communities to produce and market
specialty crops locally and regionally - and there's a lot of that work taking
place in the Granite State.



 One project funded this year is led by the Small and Beginner Farmers of New
Hampshire in partnership with Merrimack County Conservation District. It will
increase access to freeze drying and flash freezing equipment for specialty crop
growers. This project will help farmers offer more products beyond the season
for locally grown fresh produce, increase farm profits and provide local
products to New Hampshire residents throughout the year.



 USDA is a committed partner and supporter of American producers regardless of
their size, shape or market share.  Since the beginning of the Obama
administration, AMS has awarded $455.5 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to
support 6,138 projects.  USDA continues to partner with state departments of
agriculture to increase opportunities for specialty crop producers by supporting
projects that create new business opportunities, expand local food systems and
improve food safety.



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative (KYF2) coordinates the
Department's strides to develop strong local and regional food systems -
including SCBGP projects.  Information on local and regional supply chain
resources is available on the KYF2 website, and the KYF2 Compass can help users
locate USDA investments in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Helping States Build an Agricultural Future

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Specialty crops--fruits, vegetables, nuts and nursery crops--are an
agricultural and dietary staple.  They're a central part of a healthy diet and
are vital to the economic success of American agriculture and to the farmers and
businesses that rely on them for their livelihoods.





 That's why my agency, USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service, works to support
and expand markets for specialty crop growers and producers.  This year, through
our Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, we awarded $62.5 million to all 50
states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories to support critical
work related to this segment of the agricultural industry.



 USDA's investments are funding a total of 690 projects that will help growers
tackle a variety of issues--from food safety training to setting up shared
processing centers.  These block grants give states and territories vital
resources to invest in their growers, build stronger markets and strengthen
rural America.



 At USDA's Fall Forum in New Hampshire today, I had a chance to visit with local
producers and talk about some of the key issues that will impact the future of
agriculture. I heard about the many opportunities and challenges that local
farmers are facing, including challenges for small and midsized produce growers.
The conversation focused on how we can build on our successes, address the
changing landscape and continue to build a strong partnership to support this
sector long into the future.



 While the Specialty Crop Block Grant program supports a wide range of efforts,
some projects help build the capacity of communities to produce and market
specialty crops locally and regionally - and there's a lot of that work taking
place in the Granite State.



 One project funded this year is led by the Small and Beginner Farmers of New
Hampshire in partnership with Merrimack County Conservation District. It will
increase access to freeze drying and flash freezing equipment for specialty crop
growers. This project will help farmers offer more products beyond the season
for locally grown fresh produce, increase farm profits and provide local
products to New Hampshire residents throughout the year.



 USDA is a committed partner and supporter of American producers regardless of
their size, shape or market share.  Since the beginning of the Obama
administration, AMS has awarded $455.5 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to
support 6,138 projects.  USDA continues to partner with state departments of
agriculture to increase opportunities for specialty crop producers by supporting
projects that create new business opportunities, expand local food systems and
improve food safety.



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative (KYF2) coordinates the
Department's strides to develop strong local and regional food systems -
including SCBGP projects.  Information on local and regional supply chain
resources is available on the KYF2 website, and the KYF2 Compass can help users
locate USDA investments in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Helping States Build an Agricultural Future

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Specialty crops--fruits, vegetables, nuts and nursery crops--are an
agricultural and dietary staple.  They're a central part of a healthy diet and
are vital to the economic success of American agriculture and to the farmers and
businesses that rely on them for their livelihoods.





 That's why my agency, USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service, works to support
and expand markets for specialty crop growers and producers.  This year, through
our Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, we awarded $62.5 million to all 50
states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories to support critical
work related to this segment of the agricultural industry.



 USDA's investments are funding a total of 690 projects that will help growers
tackle a variety of issues--from food safety training to setting up shared
processing centers.  These block grants give states and territories vital
resources to invest in their growers, build stronger markets and strengthen
rural America.



 At USDA's Fall Forum in New Hampshire today, I had a chance to visit with local
producers and talk about some of the key issues that will impact the future of
agriculture. I heard about the many opportunities and challenges that local
farmers are facing, including challenges for small and midsized produce growers.
The conversation focused on how we can build on our successes, address the
changing landscape and continue to build a strong partnership to support this
sector long into the future.



 While the Specialty Crop Block Grant program supports a wide range of efforts,
some projects help build the capacity of communities to produce and market
specialty crops locally and regionally - and there's a lot of that work taking
place in the Granite State.



 One project funded this year is led by the Small and Beginner Farmers of New
Hampshire in partnership with Merrimack County Conservation District. It will
increase access to freeze drying and flash freezing equipment for specialty crop
growers. This project will help farmers offer more products beyond the season
for locally grown fresh produce, increase farm profits and provide local
products to New Hampshire residents throughout the year.



 USDA is a committed partner and supporter of American producers regardless of
their size, shape or market share.  Since the beginning of the Obama
administration, AMS has awarded $455.5 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to
support 6,138 projects.  USDA continues to partner with state departments of
agriculture to increase opportunities for specialty crop producers by supporting
projects that create new business opportunities, expand local food systems and
improve food safety.



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative (KYF2) coordinates the
Department's strides to develop strong local and regional food systems -
including SCBGP projects.  Information on local and regional supply chain
resources is available on the KYF2 website, and the KYF2 Compass can help users
locate USDA investments in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Washington: $3.2 million in federal grants for Washington's specialty crops

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: Olympia


The State of Washington has issued the following news release:

The Washington State Department of Agriculture (WSDA) received word that the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has approved the state's application for
$3.2 million in grant funding for nearly two dozen projects that will support
the state's fruit, vegetable and horticulture growers.

In all, the 2013 USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant will fund 23 projects managed
by WSDA in partnership with other organizations to benefit Washington's
specialty crop industry, the third largest in the nation. Specialty crops are
defined as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and
nursery crops, including floriculture.

This year, wine and cider, pears and blueberries, even Christmas trees, are
among the industries benefiting from the grants. The awards for individual
projects range from $40,000 to $238,000 and will go to agricultural commodity
commissions, agricultural associations, non-profit organizations and Washington
State University. Nine of the recipients are receiving these grants for the
first time. The rules require the projects to be completed within three years.

This year's projects include those that expand exports into new markets,
increase the number of new specialty crop farmers, resolve critical pest and
disease issues, build markets for emerging specialty crops, address resource
issues including energy, water and labor, or develop new specialty crop
varieties. Visit www.agr.wa.gov/Grants/SCBGP to see the list of projects.

The USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program was created to support the
competitiveness of the specialty crop industry. Visit www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp for
more information from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service.
In awarding these funds, WSDA selected projects that will directly benefit
specialty crop producers within the next five years, address critical issues to
the industry and contain strong performance measures. Projects that included
matching funds or in-kind donations by the applicant were given priority.

Each year, WSDA conducts a competitive solicitation process to award the
funding. For this round, 74 pre-proposals were whittled down to 42 full
proposals. A 15-member industry review panel then selected from those the most
promising projects to include in the state's single grant application to the
USDA.

WSDA has received more than $16 million over the past six years for projects
supported by the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Only California and Florida
have received higher funding levels. Future funding opportunities are dependent
on the 2013 Farm Bill, currently pending authorization by Congress.

For further information please visit: http://access.wa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

California: Vermont: VT Agency of Agriculture Grants Over $255K to Benefit
Specialty Crop Producers

LENGTH: 731 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The state of California has
issued the following news release:



 The Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food & Markets (VAAFM) announces grants
totaling $255,475 for eight projects to benefit Vermont fruit, vegetable, hops,
maple, and added-value producers and increase consumer access to locally
produced food. These grants, funded through the USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service&rsquo;s Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), were awarded to six
agricultural organizations to undertake a range of research, education,
promotion, and program-building projects. The grants will leverage an additional
$300,000 in matching funds.





 &ldquo;Specialty Crop Block Grants are integral to maintaining a safe,
sustainable, and secure food supply and to enhancing the Vermont brand,&rdquo;
said Agriculture Secretary Chuck Ross. &ldquo;These funds will enable the Agency
of Ag and our statewide partners to make strategic investments in research,
infrastructure, and education to improve on-farm efficiency and safety, develop
new marketing tools, open distribution channels to Vermont producers, and
promote farm profitability. We are grateful to our Congressional delegation for
their continued support of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which helps
to boost Vermont&rsquo;s agricultural economy and sustain our working
landscape.&rdquo;



 University of Vermont Extension Agronomist Heather Darby is one of this
year&rsquo;s grantees and has received prior funding to study sustainable
methods of pest control in specialty crops and to develop a mobile hop
harvester&mdash;projects that have had a wide impact in Vermont and beyond.
&ldquo;Farmers from all over world have utilized our online Vermont Hops Project
materials,&rdquo; said Darby. &ldquo;And our hop harvester design has been
adopted by six different farms and businesses from several provinces and states
outside of Vermont. The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a huge asset to
our research projects and will allow us to continue to share new knowledge with
farmers both inside and outside of Vermont.&rdquo;



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s Agricultural Marketing Service
awards Specialty Crop Block Grants to the 50 States, the District of Columbia,
and U.S. Territories. In Vermont, VAAFM administers these funds to enhance the
competitiveness of Vermont and regionally-grown specialty crops, defined as
&ldquo;fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery
crops (including floriculture).&rdquo;



 VAAFM awards SCBGP funds through a competitive review process guided by
industry, nonprofit and government stakeholders. An independent stakeholder
advisory committee identified economic impact across Vermont&rsquo;s working
landscape, environmental stewardship, and farm viability as funding goals for
2015. A proposal review committee selected the following projects out of
fourteen applications representing total funding requests of over $550,000:



     University of Vermont Extension Northwest Crops & Soils Program to evaluate
the efficacy of biostimulants and biofungicides for downy and powdery mildew in
specialty crops ($33,485)

     The Intervale Center to develop the supply chain for Vermont-grown organic
mesclun and frozen berries ($5,057)

     The Northeast Organic Farming Association of Vermont (NOFA-VT) to build
demand for fruits and vegetables in Vermont schools ($35,500)

     The Vermont Tree Fruit Growers Association to utilize State Information
Centers to promote direct marketing of Vermont apples, cider and wines ($10,000)


     University of Vermont Extension Center for Sustainable Agriculture to pilot
post-harvest management teams for the produce industry and conduct produce
safety workshops to help farmers prepare for Food Safety Modernization Act
(FSMA) implementation ($58,177)

     University of Vermont Proctor Maple Research Center to enhance the
competitiveness and economic sustainability of the maple industry ($13,151)

     The Vermont Agency of Agriculture&rsquo;s Business Development Team to
promote Vermont specialty crops in Japan ($25,000)

     The Vermont Agency of Agriculture&rsquo;s Produce Safety Team to build a
Vermont state produce safety and market access program ($75,108)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $565,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for federal
grants benefitting specialty crops. The Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant is offered through the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA). Agricultural associations, industry groups, community-based
organizations, and producer groups that seek to improve the competitiveness of
specialty crops in Virginia are eligible to submit proposals for grants up to
$60,000 per project.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly $565,000 in funds
for the development of specialty crop projects.  The deadline for returning
applications is April 2, 2015.

Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Given its standing as one
of Virginia's largest private industries, I am committed to keeping agriculture
at the forefront of my administration's strategic economic development and job
creation plans.  I encourage producer groups to take advantage of the
opportunity to apply for project funding that will enhance the competitiveness
and, ultimately, the marketability of Virginia's many specialty crops.  Full
utilization of these types of grants and others is an important aspect of our
overall efforts to build a new Virginia economy."

Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco. Processed foods are
eligible as long as they enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.
Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain how an
association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research, promotion
and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that improve
food access.

In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:

Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;
    Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;
    Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing Good Agricultural Practices, Good Handling Practices, and Good
Manufacturing Practices;
    Investing in specialty crop research, including organic research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;
    Enhancing food safety;
    Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops, pest and
disease control;
    Developing organic and sustainable production practices;
    Developing local and regional food systems; and
    Improving food access in underserved communities.

Guidelines, instructions, and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at
http://www.vdacs.virginia.gov/marketing/scrop.shtml (click on Application Form
to apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov, or at
VDACS, 102 Governor Street, Richmond, VA  23219.

According to a 2013 economic impact study conducted by the Weldon Cooper Center
for Public Service at the University of Virginia, agriculture and forestry are
two of Virginia's largest private industries with a combined economic impact of
$70 billion annually.  Agriculture generates more than $52 billion per annum,
while forestry contributes more than $17 billion.  The industries also provide
more than 400,000 jobs in the Commonwealth.  More information about the Weldon
Cooper Center's study can be found at:
http://www.coopercenter.org/node/2/publications/economic-impacts-agriculture-and
-forestry-virginia-revised-2012.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block Grants
Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 573  words

DATELINE: New York



  Richmond: Governor Terry McAuliffe has issued the following news release



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that groups seeking to improve the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are eligible to submit proposals
for grants up to $60,000 per project. The Virginia Department of Agriculture and
Consumer Services (VDACS) anticipates administering nearly $390,000 in funds for
the development of specialty crops. The deadline for submitting applications is
March 13, 2017.





 Agricultural associations, industry and producer groups, community-based
organizations, educational institutions and non-profits may submit applications
to VDACS for United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural
Marketing Service Specialty Crop Block Grants. Individual producers are not
eligible for grants.



 "Our administration is committed to job creation and economic development
throughout the Commonwealth, especially in one of Virginia's largest industries
- agriculture," said Governor McAuliffe, speaking about the grants. "As we work
to build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and job creation
strategy. I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal dollars for
specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage of this
opportunity. There is great potential for positive long-term economic benefits
for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the incredible
diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetable>


 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing Good Agricultural Practices, Good Handling Practices, Good
Manufacturing Practices and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-
specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click on Application Form to
apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by
mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond,
VA  23219.  Applications received after the March 13, 2017, deadline will not be
considered for funding.  All funding is contingent upon USDA 's notice of funds
availability. The duration of each grant is two years, and the grant period will
begin October 1, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block Grants
Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 573  words

DATELINE: New York



  Richmond: Governor Terry McAuliffe has issued the following news release



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that groups seeking to improve the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are eligible to submit proposals
for grants up to $60,000 per project. The Virginia Department of Agriculture and
Consumer Services (VDACS) anticipates administering nearly $390,000 in funds for
the development of specialty crops. The deadline for submitting applications is
March 13, 2017.





 Agricultural associations, industry and producer groups, community-based
organizations, educational institutions and non-profits may submit applications
to VDACS for United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural
Marketing Service Specialty Crop Block Grants. Individual producers are not
eligible for grants.



 "Our administration is committed to job creation and economic development
throughout the Commonwealth, especially in one of Virginia's largest industries
- agriculture," said Governor McAuliffe, speaking about the grants. "As we work
to build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and job creation
strategy. I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal dollars for
specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage of this
opportunity. There is great potential for positive long-term economic benefits
for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the incredible
diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetable>


 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing Good Agricultural Practices, Good Handling Practices, Good
Manufacturing Practices and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-
specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click on Application Form to
apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by
mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond,
VA  23219.  Applications received after the March 13, 2017, deadline will not be
considered for funding.  All funding is contingent upon USDA 's notice of funds
availability. The duration of each grant is two years, and the grant period will
begin October 1, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

2015 USDA/AMS Specialty Crop Block Grant program requests applications

BYLINE: Beth Alston, Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


March 02--ATLANTA -- The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) announces the
competitive solicitation process to award the 2015 USDA/AMS (Agricultural
Marketing Service) Specialty Crop Block Program grant. Georgia's funding award
is estimated to be $1.4 million (this award is contingent upon the availability
of funding from USDA/AMS).

Individual project award funding requests require a minimum request of $10,000
up to a maximum of $175,000. Awarded projects will have three years to complete
the requirements of the grant.

Refer to the links available on the GDA grants webpage located at
www.agr.georgia.gov/grants.aspx for the grant application, guidelines, and
additional information.

Eligibility

Proposals will be accepted from non-profit organizations and corporations,
commodity commissions, associations, state and local government entities, and
colleges and universities. Applicants must reside or their business or
educational affiliation must be in Georgia.  Individuals and for-profit
organizations are not eligible to apply.

The project proposal must focus on research, education, marketing, etc., and
benefit the specialty crop industry.

Purpose

The purpose of the SCBGP is to provide funding for projects that solely enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Specialty crops are defined as: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees,
turfgrass/sod, nursery and greenhouse crops, including floriculture. See the
specific listing of eligible crops on the USDA/AMS website located at
www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/scbgp.

Funding priorities

The following have been identified as funding priorities for the 2015 SCBGP for
Georgia:

--Projects which increase sales and marketability and drive demand for
commercially grown specialty crops.

--Projects which expand child and adult knowledge of nutritional benefits,
improve access, and increase consumption for Georgia specialty crops.

--Projects to help specialty crop growers/producers reduce the financial cost
and/or environmental impact of their operations, including improved pest and
disease management techniques, efficient water management, sustainable
production, etc.

--Projects with eligible funding priorities submitted by socially disadvantaged
and/or minority applicants.

--GDA's intent is to fund projects that can produce the highest degree of
measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in relation to each
dollar spent.

Projected timeline

April 17: Project Proposal/Application submission deadline to GDA

Project Proposal/Application must be received by 4:30 p.m., via email in Word
format to Jeanne.maxwell@agr.georgia.gov

May: GDA/Specialty Crop Review Committee evaluation of applications

June: Notice to applicants of acceptance/denial of their project proposals by
Review Committee

Revisions made to projects before submission to USDA/AMS-SCBGP

July

Submit Georgia's State Grant Application Request to USDA/AMS-SCBG

Early September: Send out award letters to awardees/subgrantees

Send out grant contract agreements to awardees/sub-grantees

Announce grant awards through press release/website

___ (c)2015 The Americus Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) Visit The Americus
Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) at www.americustimesrecorder.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150302-AF-2015-USDA-AMS-Specialty-Crop-Block-Grant
-program-requests-applications-0302-20150302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                     Copyright 2015 Americus Times Recorder


                              45 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                     Lake Benton Valley Journal (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

MDA requesting specialty crop grant proposals

BYLINE: Lake Benton Valley Journal staff

LENGTH: 333  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is accepting grant proposals for
specialty crop research and development. A federal block grant from the USDA's
Agricultural Marketing Service was authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill and the
MDA anticipates funds for farmers. The goal of the 2014 Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) Program is to increase specialty crop competitiveness.

The USDA defines specialty crops as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops (including floriculture). Nonprofits, government
agencies, universities and other organizations involved in Minnesota agriculture
are encouraged to apply for funding to support new and ongoing innovative
research. MDA is seeking proposals spanning up to three years and ranging from
$10,000-1100,000.

SCBG projects may not benefit individual businesses or organizations. "These are
not business development grants, the funds must address sector-wide
opportunities or barriers," said MDA Program Manager Brian Erickson.

MDA Commissioner Dave Frederickson makes a strong case for continued support of
diversifying our agricultural economy, "Specialty crop production and marketing
provides opportunities for Minnesota farmers to diversify their operations."
Frederickson said, "Research into production and marketing of nontraditional
agricultural products will benefit many Minnesotans."

Examples include nursery and turf crops, direct-marketed fruits and vegetables
and investments directed toward the development of the local food systems to
help get those products from farm to table. MDA is accepting applications from
eligible entities submitted electronically by 4 p.m., April 30.

Project review will be provided by an independent panel with experience growing,
marketing, researching and promoting specialty crops.

For a copy of the Minnesota Specialty Crop Block Grant RFP/Grant Manual, grant
application guidance and a fillable application form, go to
http://www.mda.state.mn.us/grants/grants/specialty.aspx

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LBJ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Lake Benton Valley Journal


                              46 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                           Tyler Tribute (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

MDA requesting specialty crop grant proposals

BYLINE: Tyler Tribute staff

LENGTH: 333  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is accepting grant proposals for
specialty crop research and development. A federal block grant from the USDA's
Agricultural Marketing Service was authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill and the
MDA anticipates funds for farmers. The goal of the 2014 Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) Program is to increase specialty crop competitiveness.

The USDA defines specialty crops as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops (including floriculture). Nonprofits, government
agencies, universities and other organizations involved in Minnesota agriculture
are encouraged to apply for funding to support new and ongoing innovative
research. MDA is seeking proposals spanning up to three years and ranging from
$10,000-$100,000.

SCBG projects may not benefit individual businesses or organizations. "These are
not business development grants, the funds must address sector-wide
opportunities or barriers," said MDA Program Manager Brian Erickson.

MDA Commissioner Dave Frederickson makes a strong case for continued support of
diversifying our agricultural economy, "Specialty crop production and marketing
provides opportunities for Minnesota farmers to diversify their operations."
Frederickson said, "Research into production and marketing of nontraditional
agricultural products will benefit many Minnesotans."

Examples include nursery and turf crops, direct-marketed fruits and vegetables
and investments directed toward the development of the local food systems to
help get those products from farm to table. MDA is accepting applications from
eligible entities submitted electronically by 4 p.m., April 30.

Project review will be provided by an independent panel with experience growing,
marketing, researching and promoting specialty crops.

For a copy of the Minnesota Specialty Crop Block Grant RFP/Grant Manual, grant
application guidance and a fillable application form, go to
http://www.mda.state.mn.us/grants/grants/specialty.aspx

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Tyler Tribute


                              47 of 814 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2015 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                  Spring, 2015

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        25 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 389

LENGTH: 18174 words

SYMPOSIUM: CARROTS AND STICKS: MOVING THE U.S. NATIONAL FOOD SYSTEM TOWARD A
SUSTAINABLE FUTURE: ARTICLE: THE FARM BILL: A WICKED PROBLEM SEEKING A
SYSTEMATIC SOLUTION

NAME: Sarah J. Morath+

BIO: + Associate Professor of Legal Writing, University of Akron School of Law.
B.A., Vassar College, M.E.S., Yale University School of Forestry and
Environmental Studies, J.D., University of Montana School of Law.

TEXT:
 [*389]

   In a recent op-ed in the Washington Post, a food writer, a professor of
journalism (and New York Times best-selling author), a senior scientist, and a
professor of human rights law, declared in unison that our "food system and the
diet it's created have caused incalculable damage to the health of our people
and our land, water and air." n1 The authors noted that the United States' food
system largely developed out of agricultural policies that were concerned with
issues that hold much less significance today - "policies that made sense when
the most important public health problem concerning food was the lack of it and
when the United States saw "feeding the world' as its mission." n2 As a
solution, the authors called on the President to implement "an executive order
establishing a national policy for food, health, and wellbeing." n3

   Although never expressly stating so, the authors describe why farm bill
reform has proven to be a "wicked" problem. n4 The authors point to national
problems such as shorter life spans, increased fossil fuel usage, and the rise
of income inequality as results of our "piecemeal" policy on food law. n5 More
specifically, the authors point out that "diet-related chronic disease, food
safety, marketing to children, labor conditions, wages for farm and food-chain
workers, immigration, water and air quality, greenhouse gas emissions, and
support for farmers" are all issues related to the food system, despite  [*390]
being overseen by eight separate federal agencies. n6

   The authors subtly offer "systems thinking" as a solution. The complexity of
the U.S. food system - of which the farm bill is an integral part - is what
makes reform so wicked and is why systems thinking offers a promising solution.
Systems thinking focuses on interrelationships, perspectives, and boundaries
surrounding a given problem. n7 Thinking systematically requires participation
from a greater number of stakeholders and employs a holistic approach. n8 The
focus is on making things better rather than making them perfect. Because of
these characteristics, systems thinking is well suited to helping advocates,
stakeholders, and decision makers design a more sustainable farm bill.

   It is no surprise that the Washington Post op-ed is written by no less than
four advocates with varied backgrounds. Consideration of diverse perspectives
from a variety of stakeholders sits at the very heart of systems thinking.

   The authors suggest that a national food policy that employs systems thinking
could be created and implemented by White House counsel, working with the
Department of Health and Human Services and the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to "align agricultural policies with public health
objectives." n9 White House Counsel would also collaborate with the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the USDA to ensure that environmental
goals are not compromised to produce food. n10 The authors are confident that
our government has the power to restructure the American food system. Yet, they
caution that "as long as food-related issues are treated as discrete rather than
systemic problems," reforming our food system will remain a challenge. n11

   Although the op-ed authors describe the most recent Farm Bill n12 as
"business-as- usual," n13 there are many creative and innovative aspects of this
Farm Bill that employ "system-like" thinking already.  [*391]  For example, for
the first time in farm bill history, the 2014 Farm Bill makes funding available
for programs that promote physical activity. n14 A system thinker would approach
the country's obesity problem by not only looking at what Americans eat but also
at how much Americans exercise. Establishing a sustainable food system will
require a systems thinking approach to food policy reform. Ultimately, this
country needs a farm bill that takes a holistic approach, appreciates
integration and coordination, and further embraces the principles of systems
thinking.

   I.

 Introduction Many scholars have blamed national agricultural policies for a
whole host of horribles, including the degradation of human health, n15 the
destruction of the natural environment, n16 and the disappearance of the family
farm. n17 The programs embedded in the U.S Farm Bill - the  [*392]  piece of
legislation responsible for establishing the United States' agricultural
policies - have been described as "broken," n18 "imbalanced," n19 "unpopular,"
n20 and "wasteful." n21

   The farm bill in its modern form continues to be the single most important
piece of legislation to address agriculture and food policy at the national
level. n22 It is not surprising then, that farm bill reform is often suggested
as a way to cure the ills associated with high-fructose corn syrup, factory
farming, and mega-monocultures, n23 as well as to achieve a more sustainable
food system. n24 Yet, the most recent incarnation of the farm bill did not
include the overhaul many desired, or the full-scale revolution requested. n25
The farm bill continues to favor industrial farming practices. n26 Meanwhile,
U.S.  [*393]  obesity rates continue to rise, n27 the number of farms in this
country continues to decline, and farmland continues to disappear. n28

   Reforming the farm bill, and, with it, this nation's agricultural and food
policies, has proven to be a "wicked" problem. n29 But to say that the United
States is worse off because of the 2014 Farm Bill would be incorrect. n30 In
fact, the vast majority of stakeholders calling for reform labeled the most
recent farm bill as something closer to a "mixed bag" n31 than a complete
failure.

   This article advocates for employing systems thinking in food system reform
generally, but also, specifically, as a way to approach farm bill reform. Using
the most recent farm bill as an example, this article introduces systems
thinking and explains how a systems thinking approach to food policy reform
might be developed.

   This article provides the first broad analysis of programs within the 2014
Farm Bill "bag" that employ a systems thinking approach and thereby help create
a more sustainable food system. Part I describes the original Farm Bill and its
evolution from a law to with support farmers and feed the hungry during the
Great Depression, to a 1,000 page, one trillion dollar piece of legislation.
Part II uses the concept of a "wicked problem" to describe challenges to food
policy and Farm Bill reform, and offers systems thinking as a new approach to
designing a better farm bill. Part III analyzes the most recent Farm Bill,
focusing on efforts that use systems thinking principles and create a more
sustainable food system. New and innovative programs support alternative ways of
farming and build partnerships between agencies, farmers, and consumers.
Finally, with complete food policy reform unlikely, Part IV encourages the use
of systems thinking by policy makers, advocates, and citizens in crafting future
farm bills.

[*394]

   II.

 Evolution of the Farm Bill

   A.

 The Original Farm Bill

 The very first farm bill, the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, n32 arose
from a confluence of economic and environmental disasters. n33 The overarching
goal of the original farm bill was to stabilize commodity crop prices (and farm
income), which had fallen below the cost of production during the course of the
Great Depression. n34 The federal government accomplished this by paying farmers
to produce less. n35 Although the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933 also had
provisions for providing nutritional assistance to children, implementing
conservation policies, and building infrastructure in rural farming communities,
n36 the passage of the first farm bill was "primarily to manage fluctuations in
commodity price and supply," n37 thus marking the beginning of federally
subsidized commodity crops. n38

   Since 1933, the farm bill has been reauthorized fifteen times. n39 Each bill,
with its various goals and priorities, has shaped America's agricultural
policies. n40 For example, the 1973 Farm Bill - formally known as the 1973
Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act - initiated the use of target prices and
deficiency payments. n41 The 1985 Farm Bill - or the 1985 Security Act - focused
on farmers' conservation practices, thus bringing conservation issues squarely
into the farm bill debate. n42 The 2002 Farm Bill - officially titled the Farm
[*395]  Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 - housed the first energy
title, signaling the federal government's interest in the development of
bioenergy. n43

   Despite fluctuations in policy preferences throughout the reauthorizations,
federal support has remained constant for the production of commodity crops
including wheat, rice, and corn. n44 The emphasis on commodity crops has been
linked to environmental degradation, the nation's obesity crisis, and the loss
of the family farm. n45 As food activist Jill Richardson explains, the commodity
title of the farm bill "sets up a system to ensure we have lots of cheap corn,
wheat, rice, soy and cotton so we can run factory farms and make processed
foods." n46

   But, as legal scholar Mary Jane Angelo notes, while the basic structure of
the farm bill has remained the same (including support for commodity crops),
"significant changes have been made, numerous programs have been added, and the
breadth of issues covered by the farm bill has expanded to encompass emerging
agricultural interests such as conservation, organic production, and bioenergy."
n47 One such change was the addition of Title X to the 2008 Farm Bill, The Food
Conservation and Energy Act, which created the Horticulture and Organic
Production program. n48 Although federal support for organic practices has been
a part of farm bills since the 1990 Farm Bill, the creation of the Horticulture
and Organic Production title under the 2008 Farm Bill formally recognized and
[*396]  further expanded this support. n49 In addition, the 2008 Act increased
support for specialty crops (fruits, vegetables, and nuts) and programs that
support local and healthy foods. n50

   The 2008 Farm Bill was also the product of new "coalitions" advocating for
change. Organic farmers, environmentalists, anti-hunger advocates, and public
health groups, all worked together to demand certain changes. n51 Shortly after
the passage of the 2008 Farm Bill, the American Farmland Trust - an organization
focused on conserving farmland - deemed the bill historic, noting that, "new
players and new partnerships shifted the debate in unprecedented ways, resulting
in better programs and an increased focus on supporting the needs of producers
and consumers." n52

   Increased public interest and coalition-type advocacy represented a growing
understanding of the interconnectedness of food, our health, the environment,
and the economy. New partnerships and coalitions continued to form over the next
six years. n53 In 2010, Yale Law School and the National Policy & Legal Analysis
Network to Prevent Childhood Obesity went so far as to hold a workshop to bring
together leaders of different organizations with a specific common interest in
reshaping farm bill policies. n54 The purpose of the workshop was to initiate
coalition-building among organizations that did not communicate regularly with
each other, and to discuss a "multidisciplinary agenda" for the next farm bill,
strategically incorporating goals from the environmental as well as the public
health and sustainable agriculture communities. n55 In 2012, a group of
agricultural economics professors suggested that none of the farm bill
beneficiaries would have been strong enough to pass a bill alone, noting that
"[a] coalition of the food insecure interests,  [*397]  rural communities, fruit
and vegetable growers, and program crop producers would likely find a more
receptive audience than any one or two could find alone." n56 Collaboration was
apparent during negotiations of the most recent farm bill, suggesting that
coalitions may play a greater role in farm bill negotiations in the coming
years.

   B.

 The Most Recent Farm Bill

 Although the farm bill was once referred to as "The Most Important Bill You've
Never Heard Of," n57 development of the food movement has significantly
increased awareness of the farm bill, allowing advocates with overlapping farm
bill interests to come together. n58 In 2012, a coalition of over 90
stakeholders gathered by the Public Health Institute (the "Coalition") sent a
letter to Congress outlining what they thought should be the priorities for the
next farm bill. n59 Organizations with various interests ranging from
environmental, n60 anti-hunger, n61 immigration, n62 trade, n63 religion, n64
and policy n65 also signed on. The Coalition also included experts in nutrition,
n66 public health, n67 and children rights n68 - at the local n69 and national
level n70 - with varied goals of preserving family farms, n71  [*398]  improving
access to food, n72 and combating homelessness. n73

   Although the Coalition was created because of threatened cuts to nutrition
programs, the Coalition's letter articulated three much broader shared
principles in reforming the farm bill. n74 The letter explained that, while each
organization had "specific missions and farm bill priorities," these missions
and priorities revolved around three specific principles: to (1) protect against
hunger; (2) improve nutrition and health outcomes among vulnerable populations;
and, (3) strengthen community-based initiatives that link farmers with consumers
and increase access to healthy food. n75

   Despite seeming agreement between advocates, the path of the Agricultural Act
of 2014 (the most recent farm bill) from its introduction to its enactment was
long and acrimonious. The 2014 Farm Bill was first introduced in 2012, with
discussions regarding the bill beginning as early as 2011. n76 For almost three
years, the 2014 Farm Bill experienced extreme gridlock and debate within the
walls of Congress, n77 with disagreements primarily centered on funding for
nutrition programs. n78 During the summer and fall of 2013, articles on the
status of the farm bill, and the lack of progress, were published on a regular
basis. n79 But when the dust began to settle in January 2014,  [*399]  and the
conference committee reached an agreement on January 27, 2014, it took less than
eight days for both chambers to approve the agreement and less than two weeks
for the President to sign the bill into law on February 7, 2014. n80

   In his presidential signing statement, President Obama called the 2014 Farm
Bill "a jobs bill, an innovation bill, an infrastructure bill, a research bill,
a conservation bill." n81 The president pointed out that the farm bill is "not
just about helping farmers" - it "[creates] more good jobs," and "gives more
Americans a shot at an opportunity." n82 The farm bill does this, the President
noted, in two main ways: by supporting rural communities and by helping hungry
families. n83 This support is seen through investments in farmers markets and
organic agriculture to support local food n84 and through investing in hospitals
and schools, affordable housing, and broadband infrastructure in rural areas.
n85 The President referred to these areas as "the things that help attract more
businesses and make life easier for working families." n86

   When discussing the nutrition programs, the President noted that the 2014
Farm Bill gives citizens greater spending power at places like farmers markets,
while also making it more affordable for working families to eat healthily and
support farmers." n87 The President lauded the bill for creating new markets for
farmers, and giving people the opportunity to purchase nutritious food directly
from their farmer. n88 Tom Vilsack, Secretary of the USDA, was equally
complementary of the farm bill, calling it "an investment in every American, no
matter where they live." n89

    [*400]  Despite these lofty sentiments about the bill, reviews from
advocates and scholars on the new farm bill were mixed. The American Farm Land
Trust praised the new bill, calling it the "biggest reform in agricultural
policy in years." n90 The Fair Food Network viewed the bill favorably because it
included the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive, calling the program "[a] win
for families, farmers, [and] local economies." n91 The Farmers Market Coalition
also supported the bill's passing, remarking that it "offers substantial support
for farmers markets, beginning farmers and ranchers, local food systems, organic
agriculture and healthy food access." n92

   In contrast, several other groups readily disapproved of the bill. The
Environmental Working group blogged its top six reasons for opposing the farm
bill. n93 Feeding America, a nationwide network of food banks, also stated its
opposition to the farm bill because of the deep financial cuts made to the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs (SNAP). n94 Although the Public
Health Institute's statement on the bill was also critical of cuts made to SNAP,
it was at least pleased that Congress supported other initiatives that improve
access to affordable, higher quality nutrition for hungry Americans. n95

   After the passing of the 2014 Farm Bill, Marion Nestle (the Paulette Goddard
Professor of Nutrition, Food Studies, and Public Health at New York University)
lamented to National Public Radio that the 2014 Farm Bill benefits agribusiness,
but not small farms. Nonetheless, he noted, there were still "little tokens
scattered throughout ... that do lovely things for organics and for farmers
markets," as well as other useful initiatives that would be help low-  [*401]
income groups eat more fruits and vegetables. n96 In the end, most analysts
referred to the 2014 Farm Bill as a compromise n97 or mixed-bag, n98 with many
breathing a sigh of relief knowing that "it could have been worse." n99

   III.

 Wicked Problems and Systems thinking

   A.

 Wicked Problems

 Why was passing the farm bill such a challenge and why do so many feel that the
results fall short? Simply put, reauthorizing the farm bill has become a wicked
problem. The term "wicked problem" is most frequently associated with social
scientists Horst Rittel and Melvin R. Webber, to describe problems that are:
exceedingly complex; involve a number of stakeholders, often with conflicting
interests; and for which the solution will generate waves of consequences over a
period of time. n100 Since their 1973 article addressing planning and design,
Rittel and Webber's concept of a "wicked problem" has been applied to a number
of social, environmental, and public policy problems including AIDS, national
[*402]  security, healthcare, n101 education, n102 climate change, n103 water
resource management, n104 and sustainability. n105 Wicked problems often involve
profound conflicts between societal priorities and values, and solutions to one
problem often create others. n106

   Because farm bill stakeholders have diverse social, ethical, political, and
legal motivations and short-term goals, the long-term goal of reforming our farm
bill and our food system can be classified as a wicked problem. Examining the
food movement reveals how food movement players are often interested in
separate, but sometimes overlapping, objectives. Michael Pollan notes in The
Food Movement, Rising that unlike many social movements - which splinter over
time - "the food movement starts out splintered." n107



   Among the many threads of advocacy that can be lumped together under that
rubric we can include school lunch reform; the campaign for animal rights and
welfare; the campaign against genetically modified crops; the rise of organic
and locally produced food; efforts to combat obesity and type 2 diabetes; "food
sovereignty' (the principle that nations should be allowed to decide their
agricultural policies rather than submit to free trade regimes); farm bill
reform; food safety regulation; farmland preservation; student organizing around
food issues on campus; efforts to promote urban agriculture and ensure that
communities have access to healthy food; initiatives to create gardens and
cooking classes in schools; farm worker rights; nutrition labeling; feedlot
pollution; and the various efforts to regulate food ingredients and marketing,
especially to kids. n108

  [*403]  Another way to approach a wicked problem is to think about problems
that are resistant to a unilateral solution. n109 Wicked problems often "lack a
definite formulation, have no clear set of possible solutions, and offer no
obvious means of determining whether or not the problem has been resolved." n110
As explained in the book Wicked Environmental Problems,



   In a wicked problem, key stakeholders, including the agency and various
interest groups, typically have significantly different and often incompatible
worldviews. Yet these profound differences are rarely acknowledged or explored.
Thus a missing dimension in the decision process is an effort to explicitly
identify and consider the range of values that inform participants' perceptions
of the problem and their preferred policy responses. n111

 While the most recent farm bill represents greater consideration of stakeholder
interests, n112 decision makers should acknowledge that farm bill reform is a
wicked problem and continue to encourage participation from the greatest number
of stakeholders. In addition, policy makers should employ systems thinking when
evaluating programs within the farm bill.

   B.

 Systems Thinking

   1.

 Systems Thinking: An Introduction

 Systems thinking has increasingly been offered as a way to address complex or
wicked problems. n113 Systems thinking has its foundation in system theory.
Modern system theory is credited to the biologist Ludwig von Bertalanffy who, in
1968, wrote General System Theory: Foundations, Development, Applications - a
book about the  [*404]  organizational principles of natural systems. n114 Yet,
system theory has roots in Greek philosophy, such as Aristotle's musing that
"the whole is greater than the sum of the parts." n115 At its core, systems
thinking is a method of organizing the chaos of real world problems, using
concepts and components that promote better understanding. n116

   Systems thinking is best thought of as a paradigm for perceiving and thinking
about a problem. n117 Systems thinking begins with a system. While there is no
uniform definition of a system, academics agree that a system is comprised of
its elements, or parts that make up the whole, linkages between these parts, and
the system's boundary. n118 Donella H. Meadow, a pioneer of systems thinking,
defines a system as "an interconnected set of elements that is coherently
organized in a way that achieves something." n119 Dr. Meadow explains that
systems thinking focuses on interactions of parts, connections, and feedback
loops. n120 This way of thinking allows for the identification of leverage
points - or places in a system where a small change could lead to a large shift
in behavior. n121

   Subsystems can exist within a system. For example, a forest is a larger
system that encompasses subsystems of trees and animals. Systems thinking allows
understanding of not only the tree and the forest within which it grows, but
also the greater landscape that encompasses the forest, as well as other
geological and ecological features that allow the tree to survive; thus, the
tree becomes "a small part in global exchange processes." n122 Systems thinking
is, therefore, forest thinking - a way of viewing "the systems of relationships
that link the component parts." n123

   The use of pesticides is often offered as an example to illustrate the
difference between piecemeal, linear thinking and holistic,  [*405]  circular
thinking associated with systems thinking. n124 The pesticide example works like
this: researchers have been asked to design a strong pesticide to prevent a
particularly pesky pest from destroying crops. Linear thinking would focus on
only the strong pesticide's effect on the pesky pest. n125 Missing from this
type of thinking is any consideration of feedback loops or relationships that
might exist in addition to the effect on the pest; thus, unintended consequences
are overlooked. n126 If systems thinking is employed instead of linear thinking,
researchers may see that the strong pesticide's ability to kill the pesky pest
is a short term outcome. n127 Because of the pesticide's potency, it also kills
other insects that help control the population of the pesky pest. As the pesky
pest becomes resistant to the pesticide, its population will no longer be
controlled by these other insects. The population of the pesky pest ultimately
increases, doing even more damage to the crops.

   Using linear thinking can make the original problem worse. In the pesticide
example, the problem was exacerbated because the researchers did not consider
all the interactions between the pesticide and the environment to which it was
being applied. Understanding interactions and feedback loops that might arise
from the application of a stronger pesticide may have prevented such a failure.
n128 Using a more systemic approach, researchers could have determined that
introducing more of the insect that controlled the pesky pest, or planting a
crop that was more resistant to the pesky pest, would have been superior
solutions. n129 Stated another way, the systems thinking approach goes beyond
this input- blackbox-output paradigm to one that considers inputs, outputs,
initial, intermediate and eventual outcomes, and feedback, processes, flows,
control and contexts. n130

    [*406]  Despite various definitions of systems and systems thinking, there
are several common themes. These include "notions of holism, integration,
interconnectedness, organization, perspective taking, nonlinearity, and
constructivism." n131 Systems thinking is often defined as a framework for
looking at interrelationships - as opposed to linear cause-effect chains - by
focusing on patterns of change instead of specific moments in time. n132 The
consideration of interrelationships involves looking at connections between
things and the resulting consequences. n133 The concept of perspectives suggests
that "a situation can be "seen' in different ways" and that this will "affect
how [we] understand the system and situation." n134 Finally, thinking
systematically requires the ability to determine the boundaries of the system by
determining what is in and what is out of the system. n135

   2.

 Systems Thinking As Applied to Food Systems

 Systems thinking has broad appeal and has been proposed as a way to address
numerous wicked problems including fisheries management, n136 public lands
management, n137 litigation finance, n138 international public health concerns,
n139 and pollution prevention. n140 Systems thinking has also been offered as a
solution to food related issues such as obesity n141 and other diet-related
health conditions. n142  [*407]  Just as systems thinking is actively being
employed in other policy arenas, so too should federal policy makers consciously
incorporate systems thinking into discussions about our food system and the farm
bill.

   Systems thinking lends itself to building local or community-based food
systems. n143 Numerous presentations can be found which illustrate how food
systems thinking can be used to build sustainable food systems within a
community. n144 Toronto Public Health, for example, calls systems thinking "a
way to see the bigger picture, of developing food solutions to food problems by
seeing and leveraging their connections to other health, social, economic, and
environmental issues." n145 Systems thinking is often included in discussions on
organizing and running food policy councils, n146 and complex adaptive systems
theory, a sub-type of systems thinking, has been applied to the study of food
hubs. n147

   Many places of higher education offer courses in "food system thinking" n148
and "agricultural system thinking." n149 For example, John  [*408]  Greber - a
professor at the University of Massachusetts with a PhD in Agroecology - teaches
a course in Agricultural System Thinking. n150 He notes that Agricultural System
Thinking can help leaders, advocates, and citizens:



   Discover the root causes of our most perplexing agricultural problems, learn
how to build resilience into food and farming systems, see how our linear
thinking creates our problems, and ultimately how to manage complex systems for
multiple objectives (economic, environmental AND social) and thus move us toward
a more sustainable and truly successful agriculture. n151

 While those who research and work with food systems are familiar with the
usefulness of "systems thinking," there is no research applying systems thinking
at the federal level, where the farm bill resides. n152 The next section
examines interrelationships, perspectives, and boundaries in more detail, and
illustrates where these concepts appear within the most recent farm bill. A
greater understanding of what systems thinking is, where it appears within the
farm bill, and why this type of thinking is helpful when setting food and
agricultural policies at the national level can guide future efforts to reform
the farm bill and create a more sustainable food system.

   IV.

 2014 Farm Bill: Breaking Down Silos

   A.

 Interrelationships

 "Interrelationships" refers to how things are connected within a system and the
consequences of these connections. n153 This is in  [*409]  contrast to
traditional compartmentalized linear cause and effect-type thinking. n154 If
interconnections are changed or strengthened, the system may change in
surprising ways. In addition, interrelationships consider something called
"feedback" and "feedback loops." n155 Feedback is the transmission or return of
information, and a feedback loop is a closed sequence of causes and effects.
n156 Thus, in systems thinking, the link between input and output is not
independent from the link between the output and the input; output has an effect
on input, and vice versa, making the system dynamic. n157

   Interrelationships are found two ways within the 2014 Farm Bill: through the
linkages between different objectives of the farm bill, and through the
formation and strengthening of partnerships at the individual and agency levels.
n158 The 2014 Farm Bill both creates new partnerships and expands existing ones
between agencies, between farmers and consumers, and between novice and
experienced farmers.

   1.

 Linking Objectives

   a.

 Nutrition Programs and Local Food

 While the programmatic emphasis of the farm bill has changed with the shift in
political leadership, farmer support and nutrition assistance have remained the
two most heavily funded programs within the farm bill. n159 It is therefore not
surprising that programs linking these two objectives appear in the 2014 Farm
Bill.

   Several programs both encourage healthy options and support local farmers and
farmers markets by encouraging the purchase of fruits and vegetables. n160
Interestingly, even though the farm bill has a  [*410]  title dedicated to
specialty crops and organic crops, n161 most programs supporting farmers markets
and local food appear in the Nutrition Title. For example, the Food Insecurity
Nutrition Incentive (FINI) program is a new program housed within the Nutrition
Title of the 2014 Farm Bill. n162 This program extends and amends the
hunger-free community grants found within earlier farm bills, by shifting
instead to "incentive grants" for projects that incentivize SNAP participants to
buy fruits and vegetables. n163 The program received 31.5 million dollars in
funding for fiscal year 2014 and 2015. n164 The program is a 1:1 program, so
that, for every one dollar spent on fruits and vegetables, the participant
receives one dollar to use towards a future purchase of a fruit or vegetable.
n165 Because priority is given to grants located in underserved communities, it
also combats food deserts. n166

   A variety of types of retail establishments, including farmers markets, can
participate in the FINI program, providing an additional way to connect
consumers to farmers. n167 The USDA acknowledges that this program is innovative
for bringing together diverse stakeholders within the food system. n168 Smaller,
local farmers receive  [*411]  support while consumers using SNAP have access to
healthy food products. n169

   Another farm bill program linking nutrition and local food is the Pilot
Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables, n170 a new program
in the 2014 Farm Bill. Under this program, eight states - California,
Connecticut, Michigan, New York, Oregon, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin -
have greater flexibility in purchasing fruits and vegetables, and can therefore
increase their purchases of locally-grown fruits and vegetables for their school
meal programs. n171 The pilot project allows states to inject funds into local
farm economies while providing healthy meals made from local food to school
children. n172 This program is another example of systems thinking because, as
one USDA representative noted, "when schools invest food dollars into local
communities, all of agriculture benefits, including local farmers, ranchers,
fishermen, food processors and manufacturers." n173

   b.

 Insurance and Conservation

 While protecting farmers through various insurance options has been an
objective of the farm bill since its creation, n174 protecting natural resources
through conservation is a more recent addition. The 2014 Farm Bill recouples
conservation compliance to crop  [*412]  insurance premium assistance, linking
two different titles and objectives of the farm bill. n175 Specifically, the
2014 Farm Bill "relinked highly erodible land conservation and wetland
conservation compliance with eligibility for premium support paid under the
federal crop insurance program." n176 Farmers who wish to purchase insurance to
grow crops on highly erodible lands must first develop conservation plans and
file a Highly Erodible Land Conservation and Wetland Conservation Certification
with their local Farm Service Agency. n177 Furthermore, the new Sodsaver
provision with the 2014 Farm Bill limits crop insurance to farmers who convert
native grasslands to crop production. n178 The goals of such programs are to
reduce soil erosion and sediment runoff and therefore protect soil productivity.
n179

   Linking crop insurance with conservation policy exemplifies systems thinking.
These provisions recognize that farmers should not just be producers, but should
also be good stewards of the earth. The conservation compliance programs within
the 2014 Farm Bill recognize that healthy soil is an essential part of our food
system, but also acknowledge that farming is a risky enterprise. Environmental
organization, agricultural associations, farmers unions, and insurance bureaus
have voiced support for this move n180 calling it a "win" for  [*413]
conservation. n181

   c.

 Waste and Energy n182

 The Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP) in the 2014 Farm Bill seeks to
offset feedstock n183 collection and delivery costs to biomass conversion
facilities (BCFs), which can then use these residues to generate energy. n184
While much of the feedstock is woody material from forestland, the program is
also interested in agricultural or crop residues from agricultural lands. n185

   This program was reauthorized as part of the 2014 Farm Bill. It provides
financial assistance by matching grants to farmers and ranchers who plant and
maintain new energy biomass crops, or who "harvest and deliver forest or
agricultural residues" to energy facilities. n186 While this program is still in
its infancy (making its first appearance in the 2008 Farm Bill), it demonstrates
that policy makers are thinking not just about the unintended consequences of
focusing solely on ethanol as a biofuel, but also about the environmental
benefits of using biomass as an energy source. n187 It also shows greater
coordination between the USDA Farm Service and the USDA Forest Service, and
helps reduce forest fires and disease on federal land  [*414]  while providing
biomass feedstock for advanced energy facilities. n188

   2.

 Partnerships

 In any system, strong partnerships can improve connections and feedback loops.
The 2014 Farm Bill creates new, alternative partnerships and expands on existing
partnerships that can support a sustainable food system.

   a.

 Agency and Public-Private Partnerships

 The Health Food Financing Initiative (HFFI) is both a partnership between the
USDA, the Treasury Department, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, and a partnership between these federal agencies and private
businesses. n189 Together, these three federal agencies provide grants to full
service grocery stores and farmers markets that are located in lower-income
urban and rural areas. n190 Although similar grants have been distributed by the
federal government since 2011, the 2014 Farm Bill formally establishes this
program and gives administrative responsibility to the USDA. n191 The 2014 Farm
Bill authorizes $ 125 million in federal aid to this program with the goal of
improving access to healthy food in underserved areas, creating and preserving
quality jobs, and revitalizing low income areas. n192 As a result, HFFI is one
way of  [*415]  addressing the issue of "food deserts." n193

   HFFI has received a tremendous amount of support from organizations focused
on bringing healthy foods into underserved areas. For example, Dr. Oran
Hesterman (CEO of the Fair Food Network) noted that, because of this program,
the 2014 Farm Bill does more than previous farm bills to help low income
families access healthy and affordable food in their communities. n194 In an
op-ed to The Huffington Post, Donald Hinkle-Brown (CEO of The Reinvestment Fund,
Yael Lehmann, Executive Director of The Food Trust) and Judith Bell (President
of PolicyLink) praised the program not just for its nutritional benefits, but
also for the economic development this program fosters. n195 They note, "healthy
food retail can serve as economic anchors in a community, generating new income
while attracting complementary stores and services like banks, pharmacies, and
restaurants." n196

   The proposed Hubb 55, located in a food desert in Cleveland, is one example
of a project funded through HHFI in 2014. n197 An $ 800,000 grant will help fund
Hubb 55, a food hub, a farmers market, cafe and brewery. n198 The stated goals
of Hubb 55 are to: "(1) create sustainable employment and business
opportunities; (2) increase  [*416]  access to affordable, local, healthy food
in Cleveland; (3) develop a healthy food distribution system; and, (4) implement
strategies that promote and encourage healthy food education and consumption."
n199 This project is expected to create 45 jobs and bring $ 450,000 into the
community. n200

   HFFI is one example of the creative public-private partnerships funded
through the 2014 Farm Bill. n201 The program is system-like because, through
partnerships and recognition of common objectives, it both increases access to
healthy food in underserved communities, while spurring economic development and
revitalization. Partnerships like these can help stakeholders and legislatures
see the forest for the trees and should be further developed and encouraged.

   3.

 Farmer-Consumer Partnerships

 New partnerships do not just exist at the agency level. The Farmers' Market and
Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP) is an example of a 2014 Farm Bill program
focused on connecting farmers to their consumers. n202 This program,
administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) arm of the USDA,
consists of two competitive grant programs: the Farmers' Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). n203 Although the
Farmers' Market Promotion Program existed in prior farm bills, it was not funded
as part of the one-year extension of the Farm Bill in 2013. n204 The Local Food
Promotion Program, on the  [*417]  other hand, is a new program to the farm
bill. Over $ 27 million in competitive grants are available through the Local
Food Marketing Promotion Program (LFPP) and the Farmers Market Promotion Program
(FMPP) each fiscal year. n205 This new and renewed support for direct marketing
and local food can further connect farmers to consumers.

   The goal of FMPP is to "increase domestic consumption of, and access to,
locally and regionally produced agricultural products" through grants to CSA
networks and associations, local governments, non-profits, and regional farmers
market authorities. n206 The focus is on direct-to-consumer- marketing
activities such as roadside stands and farmers markets. n207 The grants do not
require any matching funds. n208

   The goal of the LFPP is to develop and expand food businesses in order to
increase domestic consumption of locally- and regionally-produced agricultural
products. n209 LFPP does this by matching grants to agricultural businesses, CSA
networks and cooperatives, non-profits, and economic development corporations. A
project qualifies as an LFPP if it involves an intermediary supply chain
activity such as moving or promoting the project from the origin of the project
to the distributor (e.g. food hub) or from the distributor to the retail outlet
(e.g., store, CSA, or farmers market). n210 Matching funds are required. n211

    [*418]  Connecting farmers and consumers has also been a stated goal of
several departments within the Department of Agriculture. n212 In an effort to
implement the goals of the 2014 Farm Bill, the Agricultural Marketing Service
requested funds "to aid the development of food value chains such as food hubs
and other marketing outlets for locally- and regionally-produced food where
data, infrastructure and technology gaps limit producers' marketing
opportunities and consumers' access." n213 In announcing the grant amount for
fiscal year 2014, Secretary Vilsack explained that local and regional food
systems are one of the USDA's priorities in its efforts to revitalize rural
economies. n214 Vilsack acknowledged that investments made in local and regional
food systems both support farmers and ranchers, and strengthen community
economies. n215

   4.

 Farmer-Farmer Partnerships

 The Conservation Reserve Program-Transition Incentives Program (CRP-TIP),
although not a new program, has recently received renewed support. n216 It is
commended for creating a new farmer-farmer partnership that incentivizes
retiring landowners to return their land to production by using established
conservation practices. It also gives economically disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers the means to purchase or rent their own land. n217 It is the addition
of transferring land between veteran farmers and novice farmers and ranchers
that is new and which supports strong farmer-farmer partnership. n218

[*419]

   B.

 Perspective

 In the context of systems thinking, perspective means the consideration of
alternatives. n219 As Williams and Hummelbrunner note, thinking systematically
about stakeholders' perspectives draws the focus away from how the system exists
in "real life" to consider what it could or should be like. n220 This generates
greater insight into how programs actually work in real life. n221

   The 2014 Farm Bill is historic in its funding of alternative farming
practices like organic farming. It also provides unprecedented support for
farmers who grow specialty crops as opposed to commodity crops.

   1.

 Organic Farming

 Support for organic farming existed in prior farm bills but reached a new high
in the 2014 Farm Bill. Commentators describe the 2014 Farm Bill's investment in
organic farming as an "historic win." n222 The success of organic farming is
especially encouraging given that many of these programs lost funding when the
previous farm bill expired in 2013. n223 Financial support can be found in a
number of programs, including cost- sharing for obtaining organic certification,
research and education on organics, and the National Organic Program (NOP). n224

   Perhaps one of the more exciting programs - and one which shows a deeper
policy shift - can be found in the Crop Insurance title of the Farm Bill.  n225
The 2014 Farm Bill expanded crop insurance for organics by requiring price
elections by 2015. These price elections reflect actual retail or wholesale
prices of non-conventional, organic crops for all organic crops produced in
compliance with federal  [*420]  standards for organics. n226 Financial,
programmatic, and research support for organic farming also grew in the 2014
Farm Bill. n227 This support further legitimizes organic farming at the federal
level as a viable alternative to conventional farming.

   2.

 Specialty Crops

 Like organics, support for specialty crops was not a new addition to the 2014
Farm Bill. But also like organics, investments in growing fruits and veggies
reached a new high. The 2008 Farm Bill was the first farm bill to specifically
target specialty crops. n228 As defined in the 2008 Farm Bill, specialty crops
include "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and
nursery crops (including floriculture)." n229 Specialty crops make up
approximately one-fourth of the total sales of U.S. crops, but only 3% of the
harvested cropland acres in the United States. n230

   Unlike commodity crop growers, most specialty crop farmers do not benefit
from individually tailored support programs within the farm bill. n231 Instead,
organic farmers and specialty crop farmers benefit from indirect support through
marketing and promotion programs, trade assistance, research and Extension, pest
and disease protection, and crop insurance. n232 Increased support for specialty
crops can be found throughout the various titles of the 2014 Farm Bill
including, Title XI: Crop Insurance (e.g., whole farm coverage as opposed to
insuring individual crops); Title X: Horticultural (e.g., specialty crop block
grants and the farmers' market and local food promotion programs); and Title IV:
Nutrition. n233 In terms of overall spending, the greatest increases in support
are found in the Nutrition Title. n234 Such programs include the farm- to-school
programs, the fresh fruit and vegetable program, the food insecurity nutrition
[*421]  incentive, and HFFI. n235

   These programs not only demonstrate a commitment to supporting specialty crop
growers, but they also reflect a deeper understanding by the USDA of the
importance of partnerships and systems thinking in creating a sustainable food
system. For example, when speaking about Whole-Farm Insurance, the Secretary of
Agriculture noted that this type of insurance "gives farmers more flexibility,
promotes crop diversity, and helps support the production of healthy fruits and
vegetables." n236 Greater flexibility gives farmers and ranchers greater freedom
in making decisions about their land, which gives them a better chance of
success and thereby strengthens the national agricultural economy. n237 In
addition, the USDA is vocal about the connection between organics, specialty
crops, and nutrition. As Secretary Vilsack noted on the USDA blog in April 2014,
the USDA's continued and increased support shows a dedication to producers'
long-term success, and to broadening the specialty crop market. n238

   Despite support for alternatives such as organic crops and specialty crops,
farm bill spending on commodity crops still greatly exceeds that spent on any
alternatives. n239 Furthermore, farmers of commodity crops are given far more
individualized support through federal programs than farmers of organics or
specialty crops. n240 As a result, the current, limited support for alternatives
is not sufficient to create a sustainable food system.

   C.

 Boundaries

 Essential to systems thinking is recognizing what is and is not part of the
system. Boundaries determine what is relevant versus irrelevant; what is
important versus unimportant; who is benefitted versus disadvantaged; and who is
given a resource for what purpose. n241  [*422]  The 2014 Farm Bill does a much
better job than its predecessors of developing such "boundaries" by considering
relevant and necessary parts of a sustainable food system through greater
expansion of definitions and scope, and through inclusion of new terms.

   1.

 Expanding Definitions: Retail Food Store

 The 2014 Farm Bill amends the definition of retail food store by changing the
"stocking requirements" of retail stores. n242 The new stocking requirements
would require stores wishing to serve as "retail food stores" - for purposes of
accepting SNAP benefits - to sell at least seven types of items in each of four
delineated categories (fruits and vegetables, grains, dairy, and meat); and to
sell perishable items in at least three of these categories. n243 This change
has been applauded by anti-hunger advocates as creating additional opportunities
for the purchase of healthful food. n244

   2.

 Expanding Scope: CSAs, Gleaners, and Physical Education

 Prior to the 2014 Farm Bill, shares in Community Supported Agriculture (CSAs)
could not be purchased using SNAP benefits. n245 Furthering efforts to connect
consumers - particularly those receiving SNAP benefits - to healthy food
options, the 2014 Farm Bill expands those outlets where SNAP benefits can be
redeemed to include CSAs. n246 This option is another opportunity for
individuals receiving assistance to purchase healthy foods, benefitting both
farmers and consumers.

   Community Food Projects have been further expanded to support food recovery
and "gleaning" projects. n247 Gleaners are  [*423]  defined in the farm bill as
an entity that



   collects edible, surplus food that would be thrown away and distributes the
food to agencies or nonprofit organizations that feed the hungry; or ...
harvests for free distribution to the needy, or for donation to agencies or
nonprofit organizations for ultimate distribution to the needy, an agricultural
crop that has been donated by the owner of the crop. n248

 Gleaning projects present just a sample of the many programs funded through the
Community Food Programs grants.

   The Community Food Programs focus on long term solutions to food insecurity
that link local food production and processing to improving the community's
health, economy, and environment. n249 They are particularly illustrative of the
innovative ways the 2014 Farm Bill chooses to address food insecurity.

   Another example of how the 2014 Farm Bill has expanded its "boundaries" by
expanding its scope is by specifically referring to physical activity. n250
Education programs that are part of the nutrition title no longer have to focus
exclusively on nutrition education; funding is now available for programs that
promote physical activity. n251 Addressing obesity and nutrition concerns by
incentivizing the consumption of healthy foods, is only part of the solution.
Providing funding for physical activities is truly using a systems thinking
approach.

   3.

 New Term: Food System

 In addition to expanding the system, the text of the 2014 Farm Bill includes
for the first time the phrase "food system." n252 A new provision of the Farm
Bill requires the USDA to collect data on the  [*424]  marketing and production
of locally and regionally produced agricultural products and to monitor the
effectiveness of programs designed to facilitate and expand local food systems.
n253 Although the phrase "food system" only appears in a limited number of
places, this is an encouraging first step - similar to the inclusion of the term
"local food" in the 2008 Farm Bill. n254

   As Michael Pollan notes, labeling this piece of legislation a "farm bill" is
a misnomer, it should in fact be called a "food bill." n255 In order to create a
sustainable food system, Pollan's suggestion should be taken one step further,
addressing this legislation as a "food system bill"; one that not only
recognizes the food and farm aspect of our food system, but also the energy
inputs, waste outputs, urban and rural stakeholders, the producers, consumers,
and everyone in between.

   V.

 Conclusion Passing a farm bill is one hurdle; implementing its programs is
another. Even though the 2014 Farm Bill is now law, heated discussions about the
funding and implementation of these programs continue. Take for example, the
recent debate over adding white potatoes to the food items available for
purchase through the WIC program, n256 or allowing schools demonstrating revenue
loss to opt out of implementing new school lunch nutrition standards. n257 As
debate over farm bill funding heightened, in June 2014, President Obama
threatened to veto the House's 2015 Agricultural spending bill. n258

   Despite these issues, on paper the 2014 Farm Bill does a better  [*425]  job
of making interconnections, considering various perspectives, and defining our
food system's boundaries. After all, systems thinking, as applied to food
policy, needs to be written into the law before it can be fully implemented on
the ground. The programs highlighted in this article adopt these approaches and
reflect a greater understanding of the inputs and outputs generated throughout
the entire food system. These programs also show a more thoughtful consideration
of the interrelationships and forces involved in our food system.

   There are still shortcomings in the 2014 Farm Bill and programs that need to
be fully funded. Nevertheless, policy makers should continue to build on these
systems thinking approaches as they strive to create federal food and
agricultural policies that are healthy and sustainable for everyone.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct QualityPublic Health & Welfare
LawFood & NutritionGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Mark Bittman et al., How a National Food Policy Could Save Millions of
American Lives, Washington Post Blogs 1, 1 (Nov. 9, 2014, 6:24 PM),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/
opinions/how-a-national-food-policy-could-save-millions-of-american-lives/2014/1
1/07/ 89c55e16-637f-11e4-836c-83bc4f26eb67story.html [hereinafter National Food
Policy].





n2.  Id. at 2.





n3.  Id. at 3.





n4.  See id. ("As long as food-related issues are treated as discrete rather
than systemic problems, congressional committees in thrall to special interests
will be able to block change.").





n5.  Id.





n6.  Id.





n7.  See Daniel Aronson, Targeted Innovation: How Systems Thinking Can Improve
the Results of Innovation Efforts, Systems Thinking, available at
http://www.thinking.net/ Systems_Thinking/st_innovation_990401.pdf (describing
the systems thinking approach).





n8.  See id. (discussing the importance of analyzing problems holistically to
identify and respond to feedback loops that may not appear at the local level of
a particular problem).





n9.  Id. at 3.





n10.  Id.





n11.  Id.





n12.  Agricultural Act of 2014, 7 U.S.C.A. § 9001 (2014).





n13.  National Food Policy, supra note 1, at 3.





n14.  See infra Part III(C)(2).





n15.  SeeMary Jane Angelo, Corn, Carbon, and Conservation: Rethinking U.S.
Agricultural Policy in a Changing Global Environment, 17 Geo. Mason L. Rev. 593,
611-12 (2010) [hereinafter Corn, Carbon, and Conservation] (describing the
direct (pesticide use) and indirect (cheap high fructose corn syrup) health
effects of agricultural policies); J. Amy Dillard, Sloppy Joe, Slop, Sloppy Joe:
How USDA Commodities Dumping Ruined the National School Lunch Program, 87 Or. L.
Rev. 221, 241 (2008) (identifying concerns with the National School Lunch
Program and the use of prepared, highly processed foods); William S. Eubanks II,
A Rotten System: Subsidizing Environmental Degradation and Poor Public Health
with Our Nation's Tax Dollars, 28 Stan. Envtl. L.J. 213, 275 (2009) [hereinafter
A Rotten System] (describing the public health impacts of the Farm Bill's
subsidized commodity crop system); Anthony Kammer, Cornography: Perverse
Incentives and the United States Corn Subsidy, 8 J. Food L. & Pol'y 1, 30-31
(2012) [hereinafter Cornography] (describing the effect of commodity subsidies
on diet, nutrition, and healthcare costs); Lindsay F. Wiley, The U.S. Department
of Agriculture As A Public Health Agency? A "Health in All Policies" Case Study,
9 J. Food L. & Pol'y 61, 69 (2013) (listing dietary guidelines, agricultural
subsidies, nutrition assistance programs, and school meals as four USDA programs
influencing obesity-related chronic diseases); Julie Foster, Comment,
Subsidizing Fat: How the 2012 Farm Bill Can Address America's Obesity Epidemic,
160 U. Pa. L. Rev. 235, 239-40 (2011) (suggesting ways the 2012 farm bill can
make fruits, vegetables, and whole grain less expensive). But see Patricia L.
Farnese, Remembering the Farmer in the Agriculture Policy and Obesity Debate, 65
Food & Drug L.J. 391, 401 (2010) (noting that there is "little evidence that
USDA food and nutrition programs are contributing to rising obesity rates").





n16.  SeeLinda Breggin & Bruce Myers, Subsidies With Responsibilities: Placing
Stewardship and Disclosure Conditions on Government Payments to Large-Scale
Commodity Crop Operations, 37 Harv. Envtl. L. Rev. 487, 522 (2013) [hereinafter
Subsidies with Responsibilities] (recommending reforms to the Farm Bill to
better address pollution resulting from large-scale commodity crop operations).





n17.  SeeEmily Broad Leib, The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform: Using Food
and Agricultural Law to Foster Healthy Food Production, 9 J. Food L. & Pol'y 17,
51 (2013) [hereinafter The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform] (noting the
disappearance of "the agriculture of the middle"); Melanie J. Wender, Goodbye
Family Farms and Hello Agribusiness: The Story of How Agricultural Policy Is
Destroying the Family Farm and the Environment, 22 Vill. Envtl. L.J. 141, 143
(2011) ("The decrease in family farms is the result of the Farm Bill ...").





n18.  Cornography, supra note 15, at 24.





n19.  The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform, supra note 17, at 29.





n20.  Cornography, supra note 15, at 41 (referencing farm subsidies).





n21.  See Mary Beth Blauser, The 2008 Farm Bill: Friend or Foe to
Conservationists and What Improvements Are Needed?, 12 Vt. J. Envtl. L. 547, 554
(2011) (noting that some members of Congress called the 2008 Farm Bill
"wasteful").





n22.  See A Rotten System, supra note 15, at 214-15 (calling the farm bill "the
single most important statute affecting the United States today").





n23.  See Subsidies With Responsibilities, supra note 16, at 522 (recommending
reforms to the farm bill to better address pollution resulting from large-scale
commodity crop operations); William S. Eubanks II, The 2013 Farm Bill: An
Opportunity for Change, 28 Nat. Res. & Env't. 30, 30 (2013) (describing five
areas of farm bill reform worthy of congressional consideration); Mark Bittman,
Don't End Agricultural Subsidies, Fix Them, N.Y. Times (Mar. 2, 2011),
http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/03/01/dont-end-agricultural-subsidies-
fix- them/?_php=true&_type=blogs&_r= 0 (proposing that Congress reform the Farm
Bill to address "obesity, the near-demise of family farms, monoculture and a
host of other ills").





n24.  Although there is no one definition of sustainable food systems, those
advocating for such a system envision food produced, processed, and traded in
ways that "contribute to thriving local economies and sustainable livelihoods;
protect the diversity and welfare of both plants and animals (farmed and wild);
avoid damaging natural resources and contributing to climate change; and provide
social benefits, such as good quality food, safe and healthy products, and
educational opportunities." City of Santa Monica Office of Sustainability & the
Env't, What is Sustainable Food?,
http://www.smgov.net/Departments/OSE/Food/What_is _Sustainable_Food_.aspx (last
visited Feb. 17, 2015).





n25.  See Cornography, supra note 15, at 41 (describing how the U.S. political
structures prevent bad food policies from getting better); Michael Pollan,
Farmer in Chief, N.Y. Times Mag., Oct. 12, 2008, at 62, 66, available at
http://michaelpollan.com/articles-archive/farmer-in-chief/ (calling for the
resolarizing of the American farm through federal policies that encourage
"diversified sun farming").





n26.  See Cornographyr, supra note 15, at 58 (stating that it is not surprising
that the largest industrial growers are the primary beneficiaries of
governmental subsidies and see increase in market share).





n27.  Id. at 3 (stating that "the American citizenry continues to bear the
ultimate costs and risk associated with bad and politically unassailable
policies in the form of ... skyrocketing obesity rates").





n28.  See U.S. Dep't Agric., 2012 Census of Agriculture Preliminary Report
Highlights (Feb. 2014), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/
Preliminary_Report/Highlights.pdf (stating that the most recent agricultural
census for 2012 shows that the number of farms decreased by 4.3% between 2007
and 2012).





n29.  See infra Part II.





n30.  Bill Ayers, The 2014 Farm Bill: A Reflection After 40 Years of Advocacy,
The Huffington Post (Mar. 5, 2014),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/bill-ayres/the-2014-farm-bill-the-ba_b_4896404.htm
l (noting that the farm bill "was not the disaster it could have been").





n31.  See id. (calling the results of the final farm bill "mixed").





n32.  Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, Pub. L. No. 10-73, 48 Stat. 31
(codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.§§601-620, 623-624, 627) (1933).





n33.  See Corn, Carbon, and Conservation, supra note 15, at 621 (describing the
Great Depression and the Dust Bowl as leading federal agriculture laws).





n34.  Mary Jane Angelo, Jason J. Czarnezki, & William S. Eubanks II, Food,
Agriculture and Environmental Law 3 (2013). [hereinafter Food, Agriculture, and
Environmental Law].





n35.  Corn, Carbon, and Conservation, supra note 15, at 597.





n36.  Food, Agriculture, and Environmental Law, supra note 34, at 3.





n37.  Jill Richardson, Recipe for America: Why Our Food System is Broken and
What We Can Do to Fix It 165 (2009) [hereinafter Recipe for America].





n38.  Corn, Carbon, and Conservation, supra note 15, at 597.





n39.  The reauthorization process reauthorizes the provisions of the
Agricultural Act, but also includes a new set of amendments. Id.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Cornography, supra note 15, at 14. Deficiency payments are made when
market price for a commodity crop falls below the target price set by Congress.
Id. at 15.





n42.  SeeMichael R. Taylor, The Emerging Merger of Agricultural and
Environmental Policy: Building A New Vision for the Future of American
Agriculture, 20 Va. Envtl. L.J. 169, 179 (2001) ("The 1985 Act marked an
important shift in agricultural policy because it brought conservation and
environmental issues into the heart of the farm bill debate and, very
importantly, created a direct linkage between farmers' conservation practices
and the economic benefits they receive from government.").





n43.  James A. Duffield et al., Ethanol Policy: Past, Present, and Future, 53
S.D. L. Rev. 425, 433 (2008).





n44.  See Food, Agriculture, and Environmental Law, supra note 34, at 14-15
(noting that it is desirable for Congress to include commodities in new farm
bills when old bills expire because the permanent laws authorize the USDA to
operate farm commodity programs, support eligible commodities at significantly
higher rates than currently, and make certain commodities that are currently
included ineligible for support).





n45.  See The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform, supra note 17, at 18-19
(stating that most discussions about mitigating the environmental and health
impacts of the agricultural system in the United States "focus on reforming or
dismantling the industrial commodity-based food system").





n46.  Richardson, Recipe for America, supra note 37, at 168.





n47.  Food, Agriculture, and Environmental Law, supra note 34, at 13.





n48.  Renee Johnson, Cong. Research Serv., RL31595, Organic Agriculture in the
United States: Program and Policy Issues 9 (2008), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RL31595.pdf.





n49.  Id.





n50.  Id. (describing cost-sharing provisions that focus on and support organic
products).





n51.  Wiley, supra note 15, at 80.





n52.  American Farmland Trust, Success in the 2008 Farm Bill: A New Direction of
Farm and Food Policy (2008), available at http://www.farmland.org/programs/
farm-bill/analysis/documents/AFT-2008-Farm-Bill-brochure- August2008.pdf.





n53.  For example, in 2011, The Healthy Farms, Healthy People Coalition was
formed to "work toward policy reform that promotes the health of all Americans
while strengthening the economic and environmental viability of the food and
agricultural sectors." Healthy Farms, Healthy People Coalition, Cross-Sector
State Meetings, http://hfhpcoalition.org/cross-sector-state-meetings (last
visited Feb. 21, 2015).





n54.  National Policy & Legal Analysis Network to Prevent Childhood Obesity,
Farm Bill 2012: Building Coalitions for Change 4 (2010), available at
http://changelabsolutions.org/
sites/phlpnet.org/files/YaleFarmBIll2012FINALWEBRevised_ 20110124.pdf.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Joe. L. Outlaw et al., Farm Bill Stakeholders: Competitors or
Collaborators?, Choices, 2nd Quarter 2011, at 1, 4, available at
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/pdf/cms article_40.pdf.





n57.  Jerome Nathaniel, Farm Bill 2013: An Inside Look At the Most Important
Bill You've Never Heard Of, Policy Mic (Oct. 29, 2013),
http://www.policymic.com/articles/70309/farm-bill-2013-an-inside-look-at-the-mos
t-important-bill-you-ve-never-heard-of.





n58.  See Helen Dombalis, Healthy Farms, Healthy People Summit, National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition Blog (May 19, 2011),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/public-health-summit/ (summarizing the
speakers and speeches given at the Healthy Farms, Healthy People summit in
Washington, DC in May 2011).





n59.  90 Hunger and Nutrition Organizations Urge Congress to Protect Nutrition
Programs in the Upcoming Farm Bill, PR Newswire (Apr. 19, 2012),
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/90-hunger-and-nutrition-organizations-ur
ge-congress-to-protect-nutrition- programs
-in-the-upcoming-farm-bill-146645185.html.





n60.  Id. (Environmental Working Group).





n61.  Id. (Bread for the World).





n62.  Id. (National Immigration Law Center).





n63.  Id. (United Fresh Produce Association).





n64.  Id. (Catholic Charities USA).





n65.  Id. (Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy).





n66.  Id. (Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics).





n67.  Id. (American Public Health Association).





n68.  Id. (First Focus Campaign for Children).





n69.  Id. (Eat Smart Move More South Carolina).





n70.  Id. (The National Farm to School Network).





n71.  Id. (National Family Farm Coalition).





n72.  Id. (Meals on Wheels Association of America).





n73.  Id. (The National Center on Family Homelessness).





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  A few optimistic law review articles discussing the 2012 Farm Bill and
2013 Farm Bill exist. See Foster, supra note 15, at 236; Christopher Frump,
Note, Up to Our Ears: Corn Overproduction, Its Environmental Toll, and Using the
2012 U.S. Farm Bill to Limit Corn Subsidies, Increase Environmental Protection
Incentives, and Place Accountability on Crop Operations, 8 Fla. A. & M. U. L.
Rev. 419, 438-46 (2013); Eubanks II, The 2013 Farm Bill: An Opportunity for
Change, supra note 23, at 295-304 (2013).





n77.  Ed O'Keef & Kimberly Kindy, Farm Bill on Verge of Passage After a Long
Three Years of Haggling in Congress, The Washington Post (Feb. 3, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/farm-bill-on-verge-of-passage-after-a-lon
g-three-years-of-haggling-in-
congress/2014/02/03/4496d63c-8cf5-11e3-833c-33098f9e5267_story.html (noting that
the farm bill passed after "three years of arduous haggling"); see also Laurie
Ristino, Changing Coalitions and the Farm Bill, Jurist (Feb. 27, 2014),
http://jurist.org/forum/2014/02/laurie-ristino-farm-bill.php (calling the 2014
Farm Bill's passage a "tortuous legislative journey").





n78.  See The Forgotten Half of Food System Reform, supra note 17, at 56.





n79.  A Google search of "Farm Bill 2013 New York Times" returned several
articles including: Ron Nixon, House Rejects Farm Bill as Food Stamp Cuts Prove
Divisive, N.Y. Times, July 20, 2013, at A12, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/21/us/politics/house-defeats-a-farm-bill-with-big
-food-stamp-cuts.html?_r=0; Ron Nixon, In Short, House Says it Needs a New Farm
Bill, N.Y. Times, Sept. 24, 2013, at A18, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/25/us/politics/time-short-house-says-it-seeks-new
-farm-bill.html; Ron Nixon, Lobbying Heats Up Before Farm Talks, N.Y. Times,
Oct. 23, 2013, at A18, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/24/us/lobbying-heats-up-ahead-of-farm-bill-talks.
html?_r=0. A search with the Washington Post returns similar results.





n80.  Ralph M. Chite, Cong. Research Serv., R43076, The 2014 Farm Bill:
Comparison and Side-by-Side 1 (2014), available at http://www.farmland.org/
programs/ federal/documents/2014_0213_CRS_FarmBil lSummary.pdf [hereinafter 2014
Farm Bill Summary].





n81.  Press Release, Office of the Press Secretary, Remarks by the President at
the Signing of the Farm Bill (Feb. 7, 2014), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2014/02/07/remarks-president-signing-
farm-bill-mi.





n82.  Id.





n83.  Id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Id.





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Tom Vilsack, Secretary's Column: New Farm Bill is an Investment in Rural
America, U.S. Dep't Agric. Blog (Feb. 14, 2014, 12:00 PM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2014/02/14/secretarys-column-new-farm-bill-is-an-investmen
t-in-rural-america.





n90.  Id.





n91.  2014 Farm Bill Passes Senate, Fair Food Network (Feb. 4, 2014, 9:47 AM)
[hereinafter Fair Food Network],
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/2014-farm-bill-passes-senate.





n92.  Jen O'Brien, FMC Supports the 2014 Farm Bill, Farmers Market Coal. (Jan.
29, 2014),
http://farmersmarketcoalition.org/fmc-supports-the-passage-of-of-farm-bill/.





n93.  Those six reasons were that the 2014 Farm Bill increases farm subsidies,
rejects subsidy limits, increases insurance subsidies, cuts nutritional
assistance, cuts funding for conservation, and flouts transparency. Scott Faber,
Top Six Reasons EWG Opposes the Farm Bill, Envtl. Working Group (Jan. 31, 2014),
http://www.ewg.org/agmag/2014/01/top-six-reasons-ewg-opposes-farm-bill.





n94.  Bob Aiken, Feeding America Responds to New Farm Bill Agreement, Feeding
America (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america/news-and-updates/press-room/pres
s-releases/feeding-america-responds- to-new-farm-bill-agreement.html.





n95.  Matthew Marsom, PHI Statement on Passage of Farm Bill, Pub. Health Inst.
(Feb. 7, 2014),
http://www.phi.org/news-events/596/phi-statement-on-passage-of-farm-bill.





n96.  Interview by Lynne Rossetto Kasper with Marion Nestle, Paulette Goddard
Professor of Nutrition, Food Studies, and Public Health, New York University
(Feb. 11, 2014), available at
http://www.splendidtable.org/story/nyus-marion-nestle-farm-bill-benefits-agribus
iness-not-small-family-farms.





n97.  Krishnadev Calamur, House Passes Compromise Farm Bill, Nat'l Pub. Radio
(Jan. 29, 2014, 11:12 AM),
http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/01/29/268238623/house-passes-compromise
-farm-bill.





n98.  A variety of experts, including physicians, farmers, rural affairs and
anti-hunger advocates, have labeled the farm bill a "mixed-bag." See, e.g.,
Public Health Experts Say Farm Bill is a "Mixed Bag" for Nutritional Assistance
Program, ISHN (Feb. 3, 2014),
http://www.ishn.com/articles/97899-public-health-experts-say-farm-bill-is-a-mixe
d-bag-for-nutritional-assistance- program (describing the American Public Health
Association's stance on the Farm Bill); see also The Farm Bill, The Union of
Concerned Scientists, http://www.ucsusa.org/food_and_agriculture/sol
utions/strengthen-healthy-farm-policy/the-2012-farm-bill.html (last visited Feb.
26, 2015) (describing the version of the bill as "both victories and
disappointments for healthy food and farm advocates"); What is in the 2014 Farm
Bill For Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal.
Blog (Jan. 31, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-outcomes (pointing out
that, while the bill has many positive aspects, it nevertheless "fails to reform
farm commodity and crop insurance subsidies and continues the regime of
uncapped, unlimited payments").





n99.  The Editorial Board, The Farm Bill Could Have Been Worse, N.Y. Times, Jan.
29, 2014, at A26, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/30/opinion/the-farm-bill-could-have-been-worse.ht
ml.





n100.  SeeHorst Rittel & Melvin Webber, Dilemmas in a General Theory of
Planning, 4 Pol'y Sci. 155, 155-69 (1973) (introducing the concept of a wicked
problem as it relates to planning).





n101.  Robert E. Horn & Robert P. Weber, New Tools for Resolving Wicked
Problems: Mess Mapping and Resolution Mapping Processes 3 (2007), available at
http://www.strategykinetics.com/files/New_Tools&uscor e;For_Resolving_Wicked_
Problems.pdf.





n102.  Judith Welch Wegner, Reframing Legal Education's "Wicked Problems," 61
Rutgers L. Rev. 867, 870 (2009).





n103.  Richard J. Lazarus, Super Wicked Problems and Climate Change: Restraining
the Present to Liberate the Future, 94 Cornell L. Rev. 1153, 1160 (2009).





n104.  Joseph F.C. DiMento & Helen Ingram, Science and Environmental Decision
Making: The Potential Role of Environmental Impact Assessment in the Pursuit of
Appropriate Information, 45 Nat. Resources J. 283, 285 n.4 (2005).





n105.  Rebecca M. Bratspies, Sustainability: Can Law Meet the Challenge?, 34
Suffolk Transnat'l L. Rev. 283, 292 (2011).





n106.  See Rittel & Webber, supra note 100, at 155-69 (indicating that "many
societal processes have the character of zero-sum games").





n107.  Michael Pollan, The Food Movement, Rising, N.Y. Rev. Books (May 20,
2010), available at
http://michaelpollan.com/articles-archive/the-food-movement-rising/.





n108.  Id.





n109.  Barry Richmond, Systems Thinking: A Critical Set of Critical Thinking
Skills for the 90s and Beyond, 90 Sys. Dynamics 934, 934 (1990).





n110.  Bratspies, supra note 105, at 292.





n111.  Peter J. Balint et al., Wicked Environmental Problems x (2011).





n112.  See, e.g., Agricultural Act of 2014, H.R. 2642, 113th Cong. § 6025 (2014)
(requiring the Secretary to "give a higher priority to strategic applications
for a plan" that was "developed through the collaboration of multiple
stakeholders in the service area of the plan").





n113.  Kambiz E. Maani & Vandana Maharaj, Systemic Thinking and Complex Problem
Solving A Theory Building Empirical Study 4 (2001), available at
http://www.systemdynamics.org/conferences/2001/papers/Maani_ 1.pdf; see also
Sarah Heller & Sarah Cornish, Solving Wicked Problems: Using Systems Thinking in
Design, GOOD (Jan. 27, 2013),
http://magazine.good.is/articles/solving-wicked-problems-using-systems-thinking-
in-design?full_site=1 (describing the uses of system thinking to solve complex
problems).





n114.  See generally L. von Bertalanffy, General System Theory: Foundations,
Development, Applications (1968).





n115.  Aristotle, The Metaphysics (J. H. McMahon trans.) (1991).





n116.  Bob Williams & Richard Hummelbrunner, System Concepts in Action: A
Practitioner's Toolkit 18 (2011).





n117.  See generally Barry Richmond, Managing Dir., High Performance Sys.,
Systems Dynamics/Systems Thinking: Let's Just Get on with It, Address Before the
1994 International Systems Dynamics Conference (1994), available at
http://www.iseesystems.com/resources/ Articles/SDSTletsjustgetonwithit.pdf.





n118.  Id. at 16.





n119.  Donella H. Meadows, Thinking in Systems: A Primer 11 (2008).





n120.  Id. at 11-34.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 17.





n123.  Maani & Maharaj, supra note 113, at 3.





n124.  Aronson, Targeted Innovation, supra note 7.





n125.  See id. (contrasting systems thinking with the traditional linear
approach to pest control).





n126.  See id. ("Instead of focusing on the individual pieces of what is being
studied, systems thinking focuses on the feedback relationships between the
thing being studied and the other parts of the system.").





n127.  See id. ("The application of the stronger pesticide indeed reduces the
number of the target insect ... in the short run.").





n128.  See id. (explaining how systems thinking can prevent long-term failure of
pest control).





n129.  See id. ("Some of the insects killed by the pesticide helped control the
population of the target insect by preying or competing with them ...").





n130.  See Peter J. Hammer & Charla M. Burill, Global Health Initiatives and
Health System Development: The Historic Quest for Positive Synergies, 9 Ind.
Health L. Rev. 567, 598 (2012) ("It demands a deeper understanding of the
linkages, relationships, interactions and behaviors among the elements that
characterize the entire system.").





n131.  Nat'l Cancer Inst., Systems Thinking: Potential to Transform Tobacco
Control 40, available at http://cancercontrol.cancer.gov/brp/tcrb/monographs/18/
m18_3.pdf.





n132.  Ozzie Mascarenhas, Innovation as Defining and Resolving Wicked Problems
22 (2009) (unpublished paper). One description that is particularly useful when
thinking about the farm bill is the one put forth by Williams and Hummlebrunner
in their book, Systems Concepts in Action: A Practitioner's Toolkit. See
generally Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116. These two organizational
consultants describe systems in terms of interrelationships, perspectives, and
boundaries. See Id.at 18 (discussing how the best means of understanding systems
thinking is through the concepts of interrelationships, perspectives, and
boundaries).





n133.  Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 18.





n134.  Id. at 20.





n135.  Id.at 22.





n136.  Chad J. McGuire & Bradley P. Harris, Systems Thinking Applied to U.S.
Federal Fisheries Management, 26 Nat. Resources & Env't 3, 3 (2012).





n137.  Antony S. Cheng, Build It and They Will Come? Mandating Collaboration in
Public Lands Planning and Management, 46 Nat. Resources J. 841, 855 (2006).





n138.  Mariel Rodak, It's About Time: A Systems Thinking Analysis of the
Litigation Finance Industry and Its Effect on Settlement, 155 U. Pa. L. Rev.
503, 523 (2006).





n139.  Hammer & Burill, supra note 130, at 568 .





n140.  Carol Foley & Michael Elliot, Systems Design and the Promotion of
Pollution Prevention: Building More Effective Technical Assistance Programs, 29
Ga. L. Rev. 449, 449 (1995).





n141.  See Thinking in Circles About Obesity,
http://www.thinkingincirclesaboutobesity. com/Index.htm (last visited Mar. 30,
2015) (applying systems thinking to weight management).





n142.  SeeG.F. Combs et al., Thinking in Terms of Food Systems, Div. of
Nutritional Sci., Cornell Univ.,
http://www.css.cornell.edu/FoodSystems/Cnc96.html (applying systems thinking to
various diet-related health conditions).





n143.  See generally Kenneth A. Meter, Evaluating Farm and Food Systems in the
U.S., Crossroads Res. Ctr., available at http://www.crcworks.org/evalffsaea.pdf
(discussing the system aspect of community-based food systems).





n144.  See Food System Thinking, AG Innovations Network (Jul. 8, 2014),
http://www.sonomacofsa.org/news/details/july-salon-food-system-thinking (arguing
that system theory can help to change the food system); see also Ricardo
Salvador, The Food Movement: Public Health and Wellbeing, Johns Hopkins
Bloomberg School of Public Health (Dec. 16, 2014),
http://www.jhsph.edu/research/centers-and-institutes/johns-hopkins-center-for-a-
livable-future/center-for-a-livable- future-videos/food-system-thinking (arguing
for reform within the U.S. food system); Canada's Agri-Food Destination: The
Compelling Need for Successful Food Systems, The Canadian Agri-Food Pol'y Inst.
(Jan. 2012), http://agrecon.mcgill.ca/courses/430/notejh/yeon.pdf (describing a
strategic plan for changing the Canadian food system).





n145.  Toronto Public Health, Cultivating Food Connections: Towards a Healthy
and Sustainable Food System for Toronto 3 (May 2010), available at
http://www.toronto.ca/legdocs/mmis/2010/hl/bgrd/backgro undfile-30483.pdf.





n146.  See Project Bread: A Fresh Approach to Ending Hunger, MA Food Policy
Council,
http://www.projectbread.org/reusable-components/accordions/ma-food-advisory-coun
cil.html (last visited on March 30, 2015) ("The Council ... advances food system
thinking with the Commonwealth ... .").





n147.  See Mirella L. Stroink & Connie H. Nelson, Complexity and Food Hubs: Five
Casestudies from Northern Ontario, 18 Int'l J. of Just. & Sustainability 620,
620-35 (2013), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPR DC5105332 (discussing
the effectiveness of locally-adapted food practices).





n148.  See Food System Thinking, College of ACES,
http://sustainablefood.aces.illinois. edu/thinking (last visited Feb. 23, 2015)
(listing a course in "Food System Thinking").





n149.  See Agricultural Systems Thinking, Univ. of Mass.,
http://courses.umass.edu/ plsoilin379-jgerber/index.html (last visited Feb. 23,
2015) (listing a course in "Agricultural System Thinking").





n150.  See id. (listing the course and professor information).





n151.  John Gerber, Why Agricultural Systems Thinking?, World.edu (Jul. 22,
2014), http://johngerber.world.edu/2014/07/22/why-ag-systems-thinking/.





n152.  My search revealed only one law article using the term "system thinking"
or "systems thinking" in the context of food systems. Margaret Sova McCabe &
Joanne Burke, The New England Food System in 2060: Envisioning Tomorrow's Policy
Through Today's Assessment, 65 Me. L. Rev. 550, 555 (2013); see also Ellen
Gustafson, Food: The Thinking Person's Game, The Huffington Post (Oct. 21,
2013),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ellen-gustafson/food-the-thinking-persons_b_411130
9.html ("To make those decisions and really make progress in our food system
thinking, we'll need to break down the silos between African hunger and American
hamburgers.").





n153.  See Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 18.





n154.  See Aronson, supra note 7(explaining the application of linear and
systemic thinking to a pest problem).





n155.  Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 35.





n156.  Id.





n157.  See id. (noting the importance of feedback loops as providing a circular
relationship within systems thinking).





n158.  There may be additional interrelationships, but these two are the most
apparent.





n159.  Approximately 79% of the most recent farm bill supports nutrition
programs, 9.5% goes towards crop insurance, and 4.6% goes towards commodity
programs. See Brad Plumer, The $ 956 Billion Farm Bill, In One Graph, The
Washington Post, Jan. 28, 2014, available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/01
/28/the-950-billion-farm-bill-in-one-chart/.





n160.  See, e.g., 7 U.S.C. § 4201(b) (2012) ("The purpose of this chapter is to
minimize the extent to which Federal programs contribute to the unnecessary and
irreversible conversion of farmland to nonagricultural uses, and to assure that
Federal programs are administered in a manner that, to the extent practicable,
will be compatible with State, unit of local government, and private programs
and policies to protect farmland.").





n161.  7 U.S.C. §§6501-6523 (2012).





n162.  7 U.S.C. § 7517 (2012).





n163.  Renee Johnson, Cong. Research Serv., R43632, Specialty Crop Provisions in
the 2014 Farm Bill 14 (2014) [hereinafter Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions],
available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads//assets/crs/R43632.pdf.





n164.  USDA, Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Grant Program, 2014/2015
Request for Applications 11, available at
http://nifa.usda.gov/sites/default/files/rfa/1415_ FINI.pdf [hereinafter FINI].





n165.  At least one study has shown that incentives, such as receiving a voucher
after purchasing fruits and vegetables at a farmers market for future purchases,
can increase the consumption of fruits and vegetables. See Shereen Lehman,
Farmers Market Vouchers May Improve Access to Healthy Foods, Reuters (Aug. 8,
2014), http://www.reuters.com/article/
2014/08/08/us-food-vouchers-farmers-markets-idUSKBN0G81Z920140808 ("Vouchers for
shopping at farmers markets can help families on food assistance programs
consume more fruits and vegetables, new research shows.").





n166.  See FINI, supra note 164, at 29. ("Operate in underserved communities,
particularly Promise Zones and StrikeForce Communities.").





n167.  Although priority is given to grants supporting direct-to-consumer
marketing programs, large grocery stores could potentially receive FINI grants.
SeeCailin Kowalewski, FINI: The Greatest Little Grant You've Never Heard of, The
Friedman Sprout (Oct. 1, 2014),
http://friedmansprout.com/2014/10/01/fini-the-greatest-little-grant-youve-never-
heard-of/ ("Priority will be given to projects that maximize funds used directly
for incentives, use direct-to-consumer marketing, are located in underserved
communities (especially Promise Zones and StrikeForce communities), link
low-income customers to farmers, and provide local produce.").





n168.  Press Release, USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture, USDA
Announces up to $ 31 Million to Empower People to Make Healthy Eating Choices
(Sep. 29, 2014), http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/021514.





n169.  A similar increase was made available to individuals receiving WIC
benefits. See Low Income Families and Produce Farmers Get a Boost Through
Increased WIC Voucher Value, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (Jun. 3, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/ blog/wic-produce-voucher-increase/ ("The
increase in cash value vouchers has great potential to help not just low-income
families improve their access to healthy food and overall nutrition and health,
but to also boost incomes for produce farmers and increase the reach of farmers
markets.").





n170.  See 42 U.S.C. § 1755(f) (2012) ("The Secretary shall conduct a pilot
project under which the Secretary shall facilitate the procurement of
unprocessed fruits and vegetables ... .").





n171.  SeePress Release, USDA, USDA Selects States for Participation in the
Pilot Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables (Dec. 8,
2014), http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/fns-001214 ("Under the pilot,
California, Connecticut, Michigan, New York, Oregon, Virginia, Washington, and
Wisconsin will be able to increase their purchases of locally-grown fruits and
vegetables for their school meal programs.") [hereinafter USDA Release].





n172.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Releases Request for Applications for
Unprocessed Fruit and Vegetable Plot (Jul. 21, 2014),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/ 2014/fns-0004.





n173.  Id.





n174.  See 7 U.S.C. § 1502(a) (2012) ("It is the purpose of this subchapter to
promote the national welfare by improving the economic stability of agriculture
through a sound system of crop insurance and providing the means for the
research and experience helpful in devising and establishing such insurance.").





n175.  See Conservation Compliance: A Key Component of the Farm Bill, Wildlife
Management Institute,
http://www.wildlifemanagementinstitute.org/index.php?option= com_content&view=
article&id=584:conservation-compliance-a-key-component-of-the-farm-bill&catid=34
:ONB% 20Articles&Itemid=54 (last visited Feb. 23, 2015) ("Between 1985 and 1996,
the federal crop insurance program required conservation compliance before
providing funds to farmers. However, in the 1996 Farm Bill it was dropped as a
requirement from the crop insurance program to attract more producers to
participate. Conservation compliance was then tied to the direct payment
subsidies to farmers that were initiated in the 1996 Farm Bill.").





n176.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Reminds Farmers of 2014 Farm Bill Conservation
Compliance Changes (Jul. 22, 2014),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?
contentidonly=true&contentid=2014/07/0155.xml.





n177.  See id. (describing filing requirements); 2014 Farm Bill Drill Down:
Conservation-Crop Insurance Linkages, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (Feb.
10, 2014), http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farmbill-hel-wetlands/
("For the first time since Congress severed the link between conservation and
insurance subsidies in 1996, farmers who purchase subsidized crop insurance will
have to develop conservation plans when they grow crops on land subject to high
rates of erosion.") [hereinafter Sustainable Agriculture, Crop Insurance].





n178.  See Sustainable Agriculture, Crop Insurance, supra note 177 ("The 2014
Farm Bill also includes a Sodsaver provision to limit crop insurance subsidies
on native grasslands that are converted to crop production.").





n179.  See Subsidies with Responsibilities, supra note 16, at 521 ("Their goal
is to reduce soil erosion, which in turn helps to protect soil productivity and
reduce sediment runoff.").





n180.  See U.S. Senate Comm. on Agric. Nutrition & Forestry, An Historic
Agreement, Linking Conservation Compliance and Crop Insurance 4, available at
http://www.stabenow. senate.gov/linkeddocuments/farm_bill/2014/fb_c
onservation.pdf (listing organizations that support the conservation compliance
agreement in the 2014 farm bill).





n181.  Sustainable Agriculture, Crop Insurance, supra note 177.





N182.  See Funding Available for Turning Biomass Material into Energy, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (Jun. 11, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/bcap-nofa/ (describing government funding
provided for converting biomass into energy).





n183. " Feedstock" refers to crops that are suited to be turned into energy. Id.





n184.  See Biomass Crop Assistance Program: Promoting the cultivation of biomass
for bioenergy production, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (Oct. 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassrootsgui
de/renewable-energy/biomass-crop-assistance-program/ ("BCAP provides ...
matching payments to assist with the collection, harvest, storage and transport
of a BCAP crop or certain types of woody biomass to a biomass conversion
facility.").





n185.  See Mark A. McMinimy, Cong. Research Serv., R41296, Biomass Crop
Assistance Program: Status and Issues 6 (Mar. 10, 2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/R41296.pdf
(defining biomass as including waste material such as "crop residue" and "other
vegetable water material") [hereinafter Congressional, Biomass Crop].





n186.  Press Release, USDA Farm Service Agency, USDA Announces Funding
Availability for Turning Biomass Material into Energy (Jun. 9, 2014),
http://fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&subje
ct=landing&topic=ner&newstype=newsrel&type=detai
l&item=nr_20140609_rel_0115.html.





n187.  For a detailed review of the most recent Biomass Crop Assistance Program,
see generally Congressional, Biomass Crop, supra note 185 (outlining the status
and issues of the BCAP).





n188.  SeePress Release, USDA Farm Service Agency, USDA Improves Forest Health
by Harvesting Biomass for Energy, 2014 Farm Bill Program Generates Renewable
Energy, Helps Reduce Forest Fire Threats (Dec. 17, 2014),
http://content.govdelivery.com/ accounts/USFSA/bulletins/e3c810 ("BCAP,
reauthorized by the 2014 Farm Bill, provided incentives for the removal of dead
or diseased trees from National Forests and Bureau of Land Management lands for
renewable energy, while reducing the risk of forest fire.").





n189.  See Robert Wood Johnson Found., The State of Obesity: Better Policies for
a Healthier America, Trust for America's Health 50 (Sep. 2014), available at
http://www.rwjf.org/content/dam/farm/reports/reports/2014/rw jf414829 ("The
federal government has been funding HFFI grants through the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services and the Department of Treasury since 2011.").





n190.  See id. ("To date, HFFI has distributed more than $ 109 million in grants
across the country, helping to support the financing of grocery stores and other
healthy food retail outlets including farmers' markets, food hubs and urban
farms.").





n191.  See 2014 Farm Bill Drilldown: Local and Regional Food Systems, Healthy
Food Access, and Rural Development, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (Feb.
11, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farmbill-local-rd-organic/ ("The
bill also authorizes USDA to house a Healthy Food Financing Initiative (HFFI) to
provide healthy food retailers with grants and loans to "overcome the higher
costs and initial barriers to entry in underserved areas.").





n192.  See 7 U.S.C. § 6953(a) (2012) ("The purpose of this section is to enhance
the authorities of the Secretary to support efforts to provide access to healthy
food by establishing an initiative to improve access to healthy foods in
underserved areas, to create and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize
low-income communities by providing loans and grants to eligible fresh, healthy
food retailers to overcome the higher costs and initial barriers to entry in
underserved areas.").





n193.  See Tracie Mauriello, Federal Farm Bill to Alleviate Food Deserts,
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://www.post-gazette.com/news/nation/2014/02/08/
Federal-farm-bill-to-alleviate-food-deserts/stories/201402080056 ("The bill
authorizes funding for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative to provide start-up
grants and affordable loan financing for food retailers, farmers markets and
cooperatives that sell and deliver healthy goods to "food deserts'"); Healthy
Communities, Let's Move, http://www.letsmove.gov/ healthy-communities (last
visited Feb. 23, 2015) (describing HFFI as a way to combat food deserts); The
Reinvestment Fund, A Healthy Food Financing Initiative: An Innovative Approach
to Improve Health and Spark Economic Development 1 (Feb. 17, 2010), available at
http://www.trfund.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/HealthyFoodFinancing_2
_17_10.pdf (explaining that since 2004, the FFFI has "helped develop 83
supermarkets and fresh food outlets in underserved rural and urban areas
throughout the state, creating or retaining 5,000 jobs in those communities").





n194.  Fair Food Network, supra note 91.





n195.  Donald Hinkle-Brown et al., Access to Healthy Foods Improves Health,
Brings Economic Benefits, Huff Post, The Blog (Feb. 20, 2014, 9:04 AM),
http://www.huffingtonpost .com/don-hinklebrown/access-to-healthy-
food_b_4822735.html.





n196.  Id.





n197.  Thirteen similar projects were also funded. CED-HFFI Grant Awards FY 2014
U.S. Dep't of Health & Human Servs., Admin. for Children & Families, Office of
Cmty. Servs. (Sept. 29, 2014), http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/
ocs/resource/ced-hffi-grant-awards-fy-2014 [hereinafter Grant Awards].





n198.  Id.





n199.  Hub 55, St. Clair Superior Dev. Corp., http://www.stclairsuperior.org/
neighborhoods/st-clair-neighborhood/hub-55/ (last visited Apr. 1, 2015).





n200.  Grant Awards, supra note 197.





n201.  An example of a conservation partnership new to the 2014 Farm Bill is the
USDA Regional Conservation Partnership Program. The USDA's conservation agency,
the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), will support cooperative
projects between farmers, ranchers, and private forest landowners. These
projects will receive more than $ 370 million in Federal funding, and leverage
"an estimated $ 400 million in partner contributions to improve the nation's
water quality, support wildlife habitat and enhance the environment." RCPP -
2014/15 Final Projects Homepage, Natural Res. Conservation Serv.,
http://www.nrcs.usda. gov/wps/portal/nrcs/detail/national/programs/
farmbill/rcpp/? cid=stelprdb1264664 (last visited Apr. 1, 2015).





n202.  See generally 7 U.S.C. § 3005 (2012).





n203.  Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing: Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP), USDA Agric. Mktg. Serv.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetch
TemplateData.do?template=TemplateN&navID=FMPPGrantsLinkS
MPSelectaState&rightNav1=FMPPGrantsLinkSMPSelectaState&
topNav=&leftNav=WholesaleandFarmersMarkets&page=F MPP&resultType=&acct=fmpp
(Mar. 26, 2015).





n204.  Government Shutdown Leaves Farm Bill Stranded; Local Food Programs That
Could Save Taxpayers Billions Remain in Limbo, Union of Concerned Scientists
(Oct. 3, 2013),
http://www.ucsusa.org/news/commentary/govt-shutdown-harms-Farm-Bill-0408.html#.V
M_lETGjOM4.





n205.  See USDA Agric. Mktg. Serv., Farmers Market Promotion Program
Announcement: Fiscal Year 2014 Request for Applications 2, available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDoc Name=STELPRDC5107561 (last visited
Feb. 20, 2015) (listing the availability of $ 15 million in competitive grants
through the Famers Market Promotion Program); Local Food Promotion Program:
Fiscal Year 2014 Request for Applications, USDA Agric. Mktg. serv. 2, available
at http://www.ams.usda.gov/ AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5107563 (last
visited Feb. 20, 2015) (listing the availability of $ 15 million in competitive
grants through the Local Food Promotion Program).





n206.  Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing: Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP), supra note 203.





n207.  Id.





n208.  USDA Agric. Mktg. Serv., Farmers Market Promotion Program (FMPP):
Frequently Asked Questions 7 (Mar. 6, 2015), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC 5108029.





n209.  Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing: Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP), supra note 203.





n210.  USDA Agric. Mktg. Serv., Local Food Promotion Program (LFFP): Frequently
Asked Questions 1, available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/
getfile?dDocName= STELPRDC5107907 (last visited March 31, 2015).





n211.  Id.





n212.  See The Office of Budget and Program Analysis, USDA, FY 2015 Budget
Summary & Annual Performance Plan 79, available at http://www.obpa.usda.gov/
budsum/FY15budsum.pdf (noting that the USDA has a strategic goal of "assisting
rural economies to create prosperity by better connecting consumers with local
producers.").





n213.  Id.





n214.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Awards Over $ 52 Million in Grants to Grow
Organic and Local Food Economies, (Sept. 29, 2014).
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?
contentid=2014/09/0216.xml&contentidonly=true





n215.  Id.





n216.  Funding Available to Conserve Sensitive Land and Support Beginning
Farmers, Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal. Blog (June 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/crp-tip-announcement/.





n217.  Conservation Programs: Transition Incentives Program, USDA Farm Serv.
Agency, http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=cop r&topic=tipr
(last updated May 24, 2013).





n218.  Continuation of Conservation Reserve Program, Including Transition
Incentives Program, 79 Fed. Reg. 32,435 (June 05, 2014) (to be codified at 7
C.F.R pt. 1410), available at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2014-06-05/pdf/2014-13085.pdf.





n219.  Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 19-21.





n220.  Id.





n221.  Id.





n222.  Cookson Beecher, Historic Wins for Organic Industry in New Farm Bill,
Food Safety News (Apr. 2, 2014),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2014/04/historic-wins-for-organics-in-new-farm-bil
l-says-industry- official/#.VBeeIfldWSo.





n223.  SeeStateside Staff, Farm Bill Extension Causes Trouble for Organic
Farmers, Michigan Radio (Nov. 11, 2013),
http://michiganradio.org/post/farm-bill-extension-causes-trouble-organic-farmers
(noting that cost share program was discontinued in 2013).





n224.  See generally FY 2015 Budget Summary, supra note 212, at 11, 73
(describing the new programs).





n225.  Kate Fitzgerald, Organic Farming Comes of Age in the 2014 Farm Bill, Fair
Food Network (Apr. 29, 2014 11:51am),
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/organic-farming-comes-age-2014-farm-bill
.





n226.  Renee Johnson, Cong. Research Serv., R42771, Fruits, Vegetables, and
Other Specialty Crops: Selected Farm Bill and Federal Programs 12 (July 11,
2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/R42771.pdf.





n227.  2014 Farm Bill Drilldown: Sustainable and Organic Research, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coalition Blog (Feb. 12, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-drilldown-ree/.





n228.  Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions, supra note 163, at 4. Some pilot
programs existed in the 2002 Farm Bill. Id.





n229.  7 U.S.C. § 1621 statutory note.





n230.  Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions, supra note 163, at 1.





n231.  Id. at 4-5.





n232.  Id. at 5.





n233.  Id. at 8.





n234.  Id. at 9.





n235.  Id. at 13-14.





n236.  Press Release, USDA, New Pilot Program Offers Coverage for Fruits and
Vegetables, Organic and Diversified Farms (May 21, 2014),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/ portal/usda/usdahome ?contentid=2014/05/0100.xml.





n237.  Id.





n238.  Tom Vilsack, Secretary's Column: Farm Bill Supports Specialty Crop
Growers, Improves Access to Healthy Food, USDA Blog (Apr. 18, 2014 12:00PM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/ 2014/04/18/secretarys-column-farm-bill-supports-
specialty-crop-growers-improves-access-to- healthy-food/.





n239.  Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions, supra note 163, at 5.





n240.  Id. at 4-5.





n241.  Williams & Hummelbrunner, supra note 116, at 22.





n242.  Agricultural Act of 2014, H.R. 2642, 113th Cong. § 4002 (2014).





n243.  Ed Bolen et al., Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Summary of the
2014 Farm Bill Nutrition Title: Includes bipartisan Improvements to SNAP While
Excluding Harsh House Provisions 11 (Feb. 3, 2014), available at
http://www.cbpp.org/ files/1-28-14fa.pdf.





n244.  Food for Thought, Advocacy Corner: The New Farm Bill - Pros and cons for
Food Bank Participants, available at
shfb.2ss.net/upload/file/Food-For-Thought---Winter-2014.pdf (last visited Feb.
21, 2015).





n245.  In a CSA, "shareholders" purchase a "share" of a farm and in return
receive produced harvested from that farm later in the season. See Rachel
Armstrong & Nicholas R. Johnson, Advising Farms with Community-Supported
Agriculture Programs: Challenges and Changes for the Legal Practitioner, 19
Agric. Mgmt. Comm. Newsletter No. 2 (Sept. 2014), at 13 (discussing that before
the 2014 Farm Bill, "regulations implementing SNAP prohibited food retailers
from accepting benefits in advance of the delivery of food. 7 C.F.R. § 278.2(e)
(2007).").





n246.  Agricultural Act of 2014, at § 4012.





n247.  Community Food Projects have been in existence since the 1996 Farm Bill.
USDA Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., Community Food Projects Competitive Grant
Program, http://www.nifa.usda.gov/funding/cfp/cfp_synopsis.htm l (last visited
Mar. 31, 2015). The USDA writes that these grants "increase food security in
communities by bringing the whole food system together to assess strengths,
establish linkages, and create systems that improve the self-reliance of
community members over their food needs." Id.





n248.  Agricultural Act of 2014, at § 4026.





n249.  USDA Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., Topic Areas,
http://nifa.usda.gov/topic-areas (last visited on Mar. 31, 2015).





n250.  Agricultural Act of 2014, at § 4028; Farm Bill Summary, supra note 80, at
111.





n251.  Agricultural Act of 2014, at § 4028; Farm Bill Summary, supra note 80, at
111.





n252.  Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions, supra note 163, at 21; see, e.g.,
Agricultural Act of 2014, at § 10,016.





n253.  Johnson, Specialty Crop Provisions, supra note 163, at 21.





n254.  The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, H.R. 2419, 110th Cong. §
209(c)(3) (2008).





n255.  Michael Pollan, You Are What You Grow, N.Y. Times Mag. (Apr. 22, 2007),
available at http://michaelpollan.com/articles-archive/you-are-what-you-grow/.





n256.  Michelle Obama, The Campaign for Junk Food, N.Y. Times, May 29, 2014, at
A35, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/29/opinion/michelle-obama-on-attempts-to-roll-bac
k-healthy-reforms.html?_r=1; Krissy Clark, Potatoes Fight to get on the WIC
Nutrition List, MarketPlace (June 10, 2014, 4:16 PM),
http://www.marketplace.org/topics/wealth-poverty/potatoes-fight-get-wic-nutritio
n-list.





n257.  FY 2015 Agriculture Appropriations, Food Research & Action Ctr.,
http://frac.org/leg-act-center/budget-and-appropriations/appropriations-2/ (last
visited Feb. 21, 2015).





n258.  Office of Mgmt. & Budget, Exec. Office of the President, Statement of
Administrative Policy: H.R. 4800-Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug
Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriates Act, 2015 (June 10, 2014),
available at http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/legislativ
e/sap/113/saphr4800r_ 20140610.pdf.


                              48 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FARM BILL LIKELY TO HELP STATE GROWERS

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 875 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Regardless of what the final federal farm bill looks like, one thing appears
certain: Most Florida farmers will benefit from it.

The Senate agriculture committee passed its $288 billion version of the
five-year measure Thursday, and the full Senate is likely to consider it early
next month.

The House passed a similar $286 billion version in late July on a contentious
231-191 vote caused by Republican opposition to a last-minute provision aimed at
closing loopholes that allow some U.S. subsidiaries of foreign corporations to
avoid taxes by establishing headquarters in offshore tax havens.

The final bill will be hammered out in a conference between the two houses.

President Bush has threatened to veto the House version because he said it would
not adequately shift the system of crop supports away from wealthy farmers.

Further fights may break out in the Senate regarding an alternative crop-support
payment system.

But for Florida farmers, either the House or the Senate version would be better
than the farm bill which was adopted in 2002.

Specialty crops, such as fruits and vegetables, are the big winners in both
versions.

Sugar growers also would do better under either bill than under current law.

Both bills would dramatically increase the federal emphasis on promoting fruits
and vegetables, including provisions that would expand the healthy food snack
program in public schools from the current 14 states to all 50 states, the
District of Columbia and more than 100 American Indian jurisdictions.

"It's the first time that specialty crops have really been a major player in the
farm bill," said Casey Welch, director of congressional relations for Florida
Citrus Mutual.

Mike Stuart, president of the Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association, called
the Senate bill a "good package" but expressed concern that it authorizes less
money for research and in block grants to the states than the House bill.

Even so, specialty crops are in line for a big increase.

Those crops were authorized for $41 million in a special 2004 farm bill,
although only about $7 million has been spent.

Unlike with traditional crops such as wheat, cotton and rice, federal spending
on specialty crops does not go directly to farmers. Instead the money is spent
on research, marketing and nutrition programs such as school snacks.

The House bill totals about $1.6 billion over five years for specialty crops.

The Senate bill totals about $3 billion, but Stuart noted that about $850
million was added specifically for disaster relief and -- for accounting reasons
-- no money is authorized for the fifth year of the program.

Within the overall specialty crop totals are block grants to the states devised
according to their share of that market.

That's good news for Florida, Stuart said, because it ranks second to California
in specialty crop revenues.

The House earmarks $365 million in block grants; the Senate offers $270 million.

Florida farmers also want to see a boost in research spending.

The House bill offers $200 million for pest and disease research; the Senate
bill has $80 million.

The Senate bill earmarks another $80 million for pest and disease research
specifically directed to organic crops.

Research money is particularly important to citrus growers who are combating
citrus greening, which causes trees to produce bitter, misshapen fruit.

Both bills would boost loan payments to sugar growers for the first time in 22
years.

The House bill would increase the loan rate from 18 cents a pound to 18.5 cents
a pound.

The Senate version would bump it up a quarter of a penny each year from 2009 to
2012, when the rate would reach 19 cents.

Stuart said the biggest concern among farmers is that nothing will get done. But
he noted that next year is an election year.

"I can't imagine the House or Senate leadership wants to send members back to
their districts without a farm bill," he said.

~ larryl@coxnews.com

How the House and Senate 2007 farm bills compare
Provision
Increase sugar loan rate from 18 cents a
pound
*House                                                   18.5 cents immediately
*Senate                                                        19 cents by 2012
Program to convert excess sugar to
ethanol
*House                                                                      Yes
*Senate                                                                     Yes
Research honeybee colony collapse
disorder
*House                                                            $86.5 million
*Senate                                                            $100 million
Research for bioenergy fuels including,
citrus
*House                                                                      Yes
*Senate                                                                     Yes
Fruit and vegetable program
*House                                                             $1.6 billion
*Senate                                                              $3 billion
Including:
School fruit and vegetable snack program
*House                                                             $305 million
*Senate                                                            $1.3 billion
Block grants to states for specialty crop
promotion
*House                                                             $365 million
*Senate                                                            $270 million
Specialty crop research
*House                                                             $215 million
*Senate                                                             $80 million
Overseas market access promotion phased
to
*House                                                             $225 million
*Senate                                                            $240 million
Program to convert excess sugar to ethanol
*House                                                                      Yes
*Senate                                                                     Yes
Research honeybee colony collapse disorder
*House                                                            $86.5 million
*Senate                                                            $100 million
<NEWLINE>Research for bioenergy fuels including, citrus
*House                                                                      Yes
*Senate                                         Yes<NEWLINE>Fruit and vegetable
                                                                        program
*House                                                             $1.6 billion
*Senate                                                              $3 billion
Including:
School fruit and vegetable snack program
*House                                                             $305 million
*Senate                                                            $1.3 billion
Block grants to states for specialty crop promotion
*House                                                             $365 million
*Senate                                                            $270 million
Specialty crop research
*House                                                             $215 million
*Senate                                                             $80 million
Overseas market access promotion phased to
*House                                                             $225 million
*Senate                                                            $240 million

Source: Staff research

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC (B&W)
 CHRISTOPHER SMITH/Staff Artist How the House and Senate 2007 farm bills compare

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

AAD Opens 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program to Applicants

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news
release:
 The Arkansas Agriculture Department (AAD) is now accepting applications for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, made available through funds from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA). These grants help to enhance the specialty
crop industry of Arkansas, which includes the growing and selling of fruits,
vegetables, floriculture and nuts. Applications must be submitted to the
Arkansas Agriculture Department by April 19, 2017.









 Proposals may include: research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, food safety
and security, education, increased knowledge and consumption, improved
efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems, conservation, product
development, good agricultural practices, good handling practices, and good
manufacturing practices. Eligible applicants are: non-profit organizations,
local, state, and federal government entities, for-profit organizations and
colleges and universities. Eligible projects must solely enhance the
competitiveness of a specialty crop, and benefit more than one individual or
organization.



 "The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program gives us the ability to receive input
from growers, researchers, and non-profits here in Arkansas and design a package
that fits our state" said Arkansas Agriculture Secretary Wes Ward. "Our goal is
to help grow the specialty crop industry in Arkansas and the economic impact
that goes with it."The Arkansas Agriculture Department is dedicated to the
development and implementation of policies and programs for Arkansas agriculture
and forestry to keep its farmers and ranchers competitive in national and
international markets while ensuring safe food, fiber, and forest products for
the citizens of the state and nation.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

AAD Opens 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program to Applicants

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news
release:
 The Arkansas Agriculture Department (AAD) is now accepting applications for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, made available through funds from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA). These grants help to enhance the specialty
crop industry of Arkansas, which includes the growing and selling of fruits,
vegetables, floriculture and nuts. Applications must be submitted to the
Arkansas Agriculture Department by April 19, 2017.









 Proposals may include: research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, food safety
and security, education, increased knowledge and consumption, improved
efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems, conservation, product
development, good agricultural practices, good handling practices, and good
manufacturing practices. Eligible applicants are: non-profit organizations,
local, state, and federal government entities, for-profit organizations and
colleges and universities. Eligible projects must solely enhance the
competitiveness of a specialty crop, and benefit more than one individual or
organization.



 "The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program gives us the ability to receive input
from growers, researchers, and non-profits here in Arkansas and design a package
that fits our state" said Arkansas Agriculture Secretary Wes Ward. "Our goal is
to help grow the specialty crop industry in Arkansas and the economic impact
that goes with it."
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Sen. Rand Paul Releases Special Thanksgiving Edition of 'The Waste
Report'

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Rand Paul has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Rand Paul today released a special Thanksgiving edition of 'The
Waste Report,' which is an ongoing project cataloguing egregious examples of
waste within the U.S. government.





 The special edition of 'The Waste Report' calls attention to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant program. Over 300
specialty crops are eligible for federal support from the $72.5 million program.
A sampling of the specialty crops eligible includes: apples, strawberries,
raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, peaches, sweet corn, potatoes, green
beans, peas, broccoli, grapes, almonds, pears, cherries, carrots, and brussels
sprouts.On Thursday, millions of Americans will sit down to Thanksgiving dinner.
While you enjoy Thanksgiving staples of sweet potatoes and green beans, you
might not realize that according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA),
except for the turkey and stuffing, just about everything else on your table is
considered a &ldquo;specialty crop&rdquo; and eligible for federal support from
the $72.5 million Specialty Crop Block Grant program (SCBGP). [1]



 According to USDA, &ldquo;The SCBGP focuses on projects that enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops&hellip;the block grants are designed to
increase the long-term success of producers and broaden the market for specialty
crops.&rdquo;[2] Allowable activities under these grants include some types of
marketing, travel, consultants, attending conferences, development of websites
or mobile apps, and more.



 So what exactly qualifies as a specialty crop? You may be envisioning some
exotic herb or something new to the market. It would probably something rare,
atypical, and thus in need of competitive enhancement.  You will probably be
surprised to learn that according to USDA, just about everything is
&ldquo;special.&rdquo;



 In fact, the USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack said in his April 18, 2014 blog post,
&ldquo;Specialty crops make up the bulk of what we eat--all of our fruits and
vegetables, tree nuts and dried fruits--as well as things like cut flowers and
nursery crops.&rdquo;[3] It seems when Congress created the program, the
definition of &ldquo;specialty&rdquo; was wide enough you could drive a truck
through it&hellip; and it is a big truck.



 But the bulk of what we eat? Yes, USDA lists over 300 special crops and only 36
non-qualified crops. So what exactly is on the list? Here is just a sampling:



 &bull; apples &bull; strawberries &bull; raspberries &bull; blueberries &bull;
blackberries &bull; peaches &bull; sweet corn &bull; potatoes  &bull; green
beans &bull; peas (all varieties) &bull; broccoli &bull; grapes &bull; almonds
&bull; pears &bull; cherries &bull; carrots &bull; Brussels sprouts (yuck)
&bull;[4]



 Seems these are hardly new and unheard of crops. In a USDA blog post a Deputy
Administrator said of one specialty crop, &ldquo;[w]hether purchased fresh,
frozen, or pureed, the blueberry has long been a staple in the diets of many
people.&rdquo; A specialty-staple, who knew? Even more weird is quinoa is on the
non-qualified list of crops.[5]



 Oh, and it is not just food. Turf grass (sod) makes the cut and so do live
Christmas trees. So even after Thanksgiving dinner is over your pocketbook is
not safe - your tax dollars might have gone to support the football field you
see on TV or the tree the family cuts down at the local u-cut place.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Georgia Department of Agriculture Announces 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program Recipients

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) is pleased to announce the
recipients of the 2016 USDA/AMS Specialty Crop Block Grant. The Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funds projects that "enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops." The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has made this grant funding available, with
Georgia's share being approximately $1.07 million.





 "The goal of this grant program is to help fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in
relation to each dollar spent," said Agriculture Commissioner Gary W. Black. "We
are encouraged by the diverse and exciting projects that were approved this year
and look forward to seeing the results of the various projects."



 This year 17 projects were awarded to various organizations including: the
Eastern Cantaloupe Growers Association, the Georgia Farm Bureau Foundation for
Agriculture, the Georgia Food Bank Association, the Georgia Fruit and Vegetable
Growers Association, the Georgia Olive Growers Association, Georgia Organics,
the Georgia Pecan Growers Association, the Georgia Watermelon Association, the
University of Georgia Research Foundation, the Vidalia Onion Committee, and the
Vineyard and Winery Association of West Georgia. The funds are dispersed to
projects that research and/or promote specialty crops in Georgia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Georgia Department of Agriculture Announces 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program Recipients

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   The Georgia Department of Agriculture (GDA) is pleased to announce the
recipients of the 2016 USDA/AMS Specialty Crop Block Grant. The Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funds projects that "enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops." The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has made this grant funding available, with
Georgia's share being approximately $1.07 million.





 "The goal of this grant program is to help fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Georgia's specialty crop producers, in
relation to each dollar spent," said Agriculture Commissioner Gary W. Black. "We
are encouraged by the diverse and exciting projects that were approved this year
and look forward to seeing the results of the various projects."



 This year 17 projects were awarded to various organizations including: the
Eastern Cantaloupe Growers Association, the Georgia Farm Bureau Foundation for
Agriculture, the Georgia Food Bank Association, the Georgia Fruit and Vegetable
Growers Association, the Georgia Olive Growers Association, Georgia Organics,
the Georgia Pecan Growers Association, the Georgia Watermelon Association, the
University of Georgia Research Foundation, the Vidalia Onion Committee, and the
Vineyard and Winery Association of West Georgia. The funds are dispersed to
projects that research and/or promote specialty crops in Georgia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: 2014 Specialty Crop Block Grant Proposals Now Being Accepted

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting concept proposals for
project ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program for 2014. Approximately $1 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the US Farm Bill.

ODA is requesting three-page concept proposals from applicants describing their
proposed projects. Concept proposals can be submitted online and must be
received by Monday, February 24, 2014 at 12:00 noon Pacific Standard Time.

Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks fourth in the nation in production of
specialty crops.

For further information please visit: http://www.nasda.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 14, 2012 Wednesday

Oregon Rural Action, school district grant recipients

BYLINE: Bill Rautenstrauch, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


Nov. 14--Oregon Rural Action and North Powder Charter School District will boost
their efforts to support local agriculture and nutritious eating thanks to
grants awarded this fall through the threatened-with-extinction federal farm
bill.

According to recent announcements, Oregon Rural Action will receive $68,200  and
North Powder School $23,600 in federal speciality crop block grant funds, money
distributed by the Oregon Department of Agriculture.

Statewide, 53 project proposals were considered, with 22 selected to share in
$1.48 million in grant funding.

"We are excited to announce our 22 projects," said Katie Pearmine, the Oregon
department's specialty crop block grant coordinator. "For a state like Oregon,
where we grow more than 200 crops on about 37,000 farms, this program has been
critical."

Oregon Rural Action will forge ahead with its program "Growing Markets and Next
Generation Farmers in Eastern Oregon."

Oregon Rural Action Staff Director Nella Parks said the non-profit group will
partner with several agencies and organizations to bring previously unavailable
training to the area. The partners include the Northeast Oregon Economic
Development District, Friends of Family Farmers, Oregon State  University Small
Farms, the Austin Family Business Center.

Parks said Oregon Rural Action and NEOEDD will also work with local FFA and 4H
programs to bring training, mentors and internship opportunities to aspiring
specialty crop producers.

"The hope is that these young people will be able to develop successful
businesses they can carry on after graduation," Parks said.

As a member of the Union County Fit Kids Coalition, Oregon Rural Action is
working to increase purchase and consumption of healthy, fresh, locally produced
foods. North Powder Charter School, another Fit Kids coalition member, will use
its specialty crop block grant money to further its Farm to School food program.

North Powder's program will educate community members and students on
availability of local fresh fruits and vegetables, and learn the process of
preserving those items to be used year-round.

Students will use the school garden and local produce to learn techniques in
preserving fruits and vegetables safely, using basic methods and a steam oven.

The school said that project will enhance the successful Farm to School program
already in place, and will increase the demand for Oregon specialty crops to be
used by other schools and utilized year-round.

Vicky Brogoitti, head of the Union County Commission on Children and families,
said she is excited that two coalition members were chosen for grant funding.
She said Farm-to-School has been included in the coalition's action plan because
it is widely recognized as an effective tool for improving school meals and
getting kids excited about healthy eating.

"Our community assessment shows much concern about the  quality of school
meals," she said. "We're thrilled about the recent grants to Oregon Rural Action
and North Powder School, and hope one day all schools can benefit by integrating
Farm-to-School into their programming."

The specialty crop block grant funds are made available to states through the
U.S. Farm Bill, legislation that expired this year. Talks to renew or extend the
bill will resume as Congress convenes in the current session to deal with
"fiscal cliff" issues.

Over the past five years, Oregon has received more than $6 million in funding
from the specialty crop block grant program, making possible 112 projects in the
state. Oregon Department of Agriculture Director Katy Coba said the federal
program has a direct, positive impact on the state's growers, and should
continue.

"The program is a reminder of the need for Congress to pass the new Farm Bill so
that Oregon and other states can count on future projects that keep our
specialty crops competitive," she said.

Bruce Pokarney, ODA's director of communications, said the department is
watching the Farm Bill situation closely.

"They're in the middle of talking about whether to extend the bill or fund a new
one," Pokarney said. "We really want to see this continue. It's really important
to Oregon."

___ (c)2012 The Observer (La Grande, Ore.) Visit The Observer (La Grande, Ore.)
at www.lagrandeobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121114-YL-Oregon-Rural-Action-school-district-grant-recipients-1114-20121114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2012 The Observer


                              56 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Kentucky: Kentucky Department of Agriculture awarded nearly $300,000 for
specialty crop projects

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Frankfort: Kentucky Agriculture Department has issued the following news
release:



 The Kentucky Department of Agriculture was awarded a Specialty Crop Block Grant
for $291,564.95 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to work with Kentucky
institutions and organizations to strengthen markets for specialty crops in
Kentucky.





 &ldquo;This investment in Kentucky&rsquo;s specialty crop industry will give
our agricultural economy a boost,&rdquo; Agriculture Commissioner James Comer
said. &ldquo;This funding will greatly enhance our efforts to support the
marketing and development of our state&rsquo;s specialty crop production. And it
will help us continue to diversify Kentucky&rsquo;s agriculture industry.&rdquo;






 A USDA news release announced eight Kentucky projects in which the KDA will
partner with:



     the University of Kentucky to increase the demand for Kentucky fruits,
vegetables, nuts, and herbs by increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge
and consumption of specialty crops through workshops, trainings, and targeted
marketing material.

     Hickory Lane Farms to increase sales of regional specialty crop producers
by bringing together producers and schools and restaurants, teaching farmers
about how to use CSAs and other direct sales strategies, and initiating a
program of nutritional education and marketing to increase consumer demand for
local specialty crops.

     Kentucky Specialty Grains to commercialize Summer Flowering Chia by
identifying growth management strategies; working with the food industry to
highlight the values of the crop, including its high omega-3 oil content; and
raising awareness among consumers of this type of chia in order to build demand.


     the University of Kentucky to develop new, and update existing, resources
to help Kentucky growers transitioning away from growing tobacco to begin
growing specialty crops, such as how to identify which crops would be best for
them, and help them identify marketing and sales opportunities, and specialty
crop profiles and budgets.

     the Berry Center to increase the sales of Kentucky specialty crop farmers
who are looking to scale up their production. This grant aims to offer a series
of conferences and meetings designed to help farmers take advantage of underused
resources in terms of capital, certifications, crop budgets, and marketing
opportunities in order to help Kentucky specialty crop producers overcome the
barriers preventing them from entering agriculture supply chains.

     the University of Kentucky to extend the growing season leading to
increased vegetable production by evaluating which varieties and growing
strategies Kentucky growers can use for winter vegetable production and
disseminating this information to growers through workshops and distributed
training materials.

     the Barren Country Beekeepers Association to boost the region&rsquo;s honey
production and sales by giving local growers access to updated harvest
strategies and technologies that lower the amount of damage done to honeycombs
during the harvest process.

     the University of Kentucky to increase the total yield of Uba Tuba peppers
through studying the varieties that grow best in Kentucky&rsquo;s climate;
identifying the best ways to extend the peppers&rsquo; shelf life by examining
how they stand up to canning, pickling, and dehydrating; and doing a marketing
assessment of local demand for these specialty peppers.







 The projects were selected through a competitive process prior to being awarded
Specialty Crop Block Grant funds. The Kentucky Department of Agriculture works
with numerous public and private partners to promote specialty crops and other
Kentucky food products and help Kentucky producers find markets for their
products.





 USDA awarded a total of $63 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to perform
755 projects in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S.
territories. Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture).





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Kentucky: Kentucky Department of Agriculture awarded nearly $300,000 for
specialty crop projects

LENGTH: 694 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Frankfort: Kentucky Agriculture Department has issued the following news
release:



 The Kentucky Department of Agriculture was awarded a Specialty Crop Block Grant
for $291,564.95 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to work with Kentucky
institutions and organizations to strengthen markets for specialty crops in
Kentucky.





 &ldquo;This investment in Kentucky&rsquo;s specialty crop industry will give
our agricultural economy a boost,&rdquo; Agriculture Commissioner James Comer
said. &ldquo;This funding will greatly enhance our efforts to support the
marketing and development of our state&rsquo;s specialty crop production. And it
will help us continue to diversify Kentucky&rsquo;s agriculture industry.&rdquo;






 A USDA news release announced eight Kentucky projects in which the KDA will
partner with:



     the University of Kentucky to increase the demand for Kentucky fruits,
vegetables, nuts, and herbs by increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge
and consumption of specialty crops through workshops, trainings, and targeted
marketing material.

     Hickory Lane Farms to increase sales of regional specialty crop producers
by bringing together producers and schools and restaurants, teaching farmers
about how to use CSAs and other direct sales strategies, and initiating a
program of nutritional education and marketing to increase consumer demand for
local specialty crops.

     Kentucky Specialty Grains to commercialize Summer Flowering Chia by
identifying growth management strategies; working with the food industry to
highlight the values of the crop, including its high omega-3 oil content; and
raising awareness among consumers of this type of chia in order to build demand.


     the University of Kentucky to develop new, and update existing, resources
to help Kentucky growers transitioning away from growing tobacco to begin
growing specialty crops, such as how to identify which crops would be best for
them, and help them identify marketing and sales opportunities, and specialty
crop profiles and budgets.

     the Berry Center to increase the sales of Kentucky specialty crop farmers
who are looking to scale up their production. This grant aims to offer a series
of conferences and meetings designed to help farmers take advantage of underused
resources in terms of capital, certifications, crop budgets, and marketing
opportunities in order to help Kentucky specialty crop producers overcome the
barriers preventing them from entering agriculture supply chains.

     the University of Kentucky to extend the growing season leading to
increased vegetable production by evaluating which varieties and growing
strategies Kentucky growers can use for winter vegetable production and
disseminating this information to growers through workshops and distributed
training materials.

     the Barren Country Beekeepers Association to boost the region&rsquo;s honey
production and sales by giving local growers access to updated harvest
strategies and technologies that lower the amount of damage done to honeycombs
during the harvest process.

     the University of Kentucky to increase the total yield of Uba Tuba peppers
through studying the varieties that grow best in Kentucky&rsquo;s climate;
identifying the best ways to extend the peppers&rsquo; shelf life by examining
how they stand up to canning, pickling, and dehydrating; and doing a marketing
assessment of local demand for these specialty peppers.







 The projects were selected through a competitive process prior to being awarded
Specialty Crop Block Grant funds. The Kentucky Department of Agriculture works
with numerous public and private partners to promote specialty crops and other
Kentucky food products and help Kentucky producers find markets for their
products.





 USDA awarded a total of $63 million in Specialty Crop Block Grants to perform
755 projects in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S.
territories. Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant funding.  Agricultural associations, industry and producer
groups, community-based organizations, educational institutions and non-profits
that seek to improve the competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are
eligible to submit proposals for grants up to $60,000 per project.  Individual
producers are not eligible for grants.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly
$390,000 in funds for the development of specialty crops.  The deadline for
submitting applications is April 14, 2016.





 Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Our administration is
committed to job creation and economic development throughout the Commonwealth,
especially in one of Virginia's largest industries - agriculture.  As we work to
build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and jobs creation
strategic plans.  I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal
dollars for specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage
of this opportunity.   There is great potential for positive long-term economic
benefits for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the
incredible diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco.  Processed foods are
eligible, provided their development enhances the competitiveness of specialty
crops.  Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain
how an association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research,
promotion and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that
improve food access.



 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing "Good Agricultural Practices," "Good Handling Practices," "Good
Manufacturing Practices," and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control; and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems; and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-
specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click on Application Form to
apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by
mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond,
VA  23219.  Applications received after the April 14, 2016, deadline will not be
considered for funding.  All funding is contingent upon USDA's notice of funds
availability. The duration of each grant is two years, and the grant period will
begin October 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant funding.  Agricultural associations, industry and producer
groups, community-based organizations, educational institutions and non-profits
that seek to improve the competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are
eligible to submit proposals for grants up to $60,000 per project.  Individual
producers are not eligible for grants.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly
$390,000 in funds for the development of specialty crops.  The deadline for
submitting applications is April 14, 2016.





 Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Our administration is
committed to job creation and economic development throughout the Commonwealth,
especially in one of Virginia's largest industries - agriculture.  As we work to
build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and jobs creation
strategic plans.  I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal
dollars for specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage
of this opportunity.   There is great potential for positive long-term economic
benefits for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the
incredible diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco.  Processed foods are
eligible, provided their development enhances the competitiveness of specialty
crops.  Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain
how an association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research,
promotion and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that
improve food access.



 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing "Good Agricultural Practices," "Good Handling Practices," "Good
Manufacturing Practices," and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control; and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems; and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-
specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click on Application Form to
apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by
mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond,
VA  23219.  Applications received after the April 14, 2016, deadline will not be
considered for funding.  All funding is contingent upon USDA's notice of funds
availability. The duration of each grant is two years, and the grant period will
begin October 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

New York: State Agriculture Commissioner Announces $600,000 in Federal Funding
to Support and Grow New York State's Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Albany


Department of Agriculture & Markets, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:

State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball today announced $600,000 in
federal funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support and
grow New York State's specialty crops, which include fruits and vegetables,
dried fruits, hops, and nursery crops. These crops rank highly in the nation in
terms of both production and economic value.  The Specialty Crop Block Grant
program, administered through the New York State Department of Agriculture and
Markets, will address a wide range of challenges and opportunities related to
the competitiveness of the State's specialty crop industry.  A portion of the
program will focus on research and grower education projects that will create
new partnerships, increase inefficiencies, reduce costs, foster innovation and
enhance the long-term viability of specialty crop agri-businesses across the
State.

Commissioner Ball said, "The Specialty Crop Block Grant program is a valuable
resource available to help farmers improve their practices, enhance operations
and remain competitive. We look forward to seeing comprehensive project
proposals that address the key needs of our farmers and provide innovative
solutions to further grow the industry."

The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, in partnership with
the New York Farm Viability Institute (NYFVI), is soliciting proposals for
projects focused on research and grower education. The NYFVI will evaluate the
proposals and submit its recommendations to the Department for inclusion in the
agency's application to the USDA.

NYFVI Board of Directors Chair Jim Bittner said, "The Farm Viability Institute
has a great system already in place to solicit and evaluate agriculture research
project proposals.  We are pleased to partner with the Department of Agriculture
and Markets in delivering the Specialty Crop Block Grant program."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

$3.7 million in federal grants boost Washington's specialty crops

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


OLYMPIA, Oct. 01 -- The State Of Washington has issued following Press Release:

Washington is the third-largest recipient of federal funds under a U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program that
supports a vital segment of the Evergreen State's agriculture. The Washington
State Department of Agriculture (WSDA) will receive $3.7 million, including
costs for administrative oversight, to fund 27 projects that will benefit
Washington's diverse specialty crops. USDA made the announcement before the
National Association of State Departments of Agriculture annual meeting earlier
this month in Delaware.

Washington's project goals include increasing exports to traditional and
emerging foreign markets, providing technical and business-development
assistance to boost sales of specialty crops, and supporting sales at farmers
markets and other direct-market venues.

"Our trade mission to China and Vietnam reinforces the necessity of maintaining
and further developing overseas markets for our agricultural products," said
Gov. Chris Gregoire. "These federal funds will help us support our state's
diverse exporters, which in turn will create jobs. In this global economy,
growers, academic researchers, retailers and consumers benefit through
partnerships that promote the long-term success of Washington agriculture."

Under the federal block grant's formula, the level of funding for each state is
determined by relative size of a state's specialty crop industry. Washington is
the nation's third leading producer of fruit, vegetables and horticulture crops.
Congress authorized the program in the 2008 Farm Bill.

"This USDA grant program provides opportunities for our agricultural community
to develop innovations that will strengthen Washington's agriculture," said WSDA
Director Dan Newhouse. "We are supporting projects that will help producers sell
more fruits and vegetables at home and abroad to boost farm incomes."

The federal block grant program was designed to provide grants to states solely
to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops. Specialty crops are defined
as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery corps,
including floriculture.

In awarding these funds, WSDA selected projects that build on the expertise and
success of the industry, will make a meaningful contribution to the viability of
fruit, vegetable and horticulture production and have the potential to support
the largest number of producers. Projects that included matching funds by the
applicant were given priority-all of the 2010 awards include matching funds or
in-kind donations provided by the applicant.

Commodity commissions, agricultural associations, Washington State University
and WSDA programs that promote and protect trade and food assistance are among
those receiving the grants. Project work is to be completed from one to three
years.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

California: Oregon: State Hosts National Conference on Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   Oregon is often seen as a leader in the implementation of a federal block
grant program designed for specialty crops. So it stands to reason that Oregon
hosted the inaugural meeting of state coordinators of the program from across
the country last week in Portland.





 "We are often looked to by other states for advice on how we carry out the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in Oregon, but I would say we are in a
position to look for improvement just as much as other states," says Shannon
Brubaker, who manages the state's program for the Oregon Department of
Agriculture. "This conference was an opportunity for the coordinators to learn
from each other. At the same time, Oregon was able to showcase it's specialty
crops and some of the successful projects the federal grants have funded."



 Initially hoping for 25 states to participate, the hosts of last week's
National Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Coordinators Conference brought in
68 representatives from 44 states and three US territories. In addition, the US
Department of Agriculture's Ag Marketing Service (AMS) and National Agricultural
Statistics Service (NASS) as well as the National Association of State
Departments of Agriculture (NASDA) were represented at the three day event.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Maryland Announces Funding for Fruits and Vegetables Crops

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis:  The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



   The Maryland Department of Agriculture today announced the recipients of over
$376,000 in federal grants that will fund projects designed to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Maryland. Specialty crops are defined as
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops.
Funding for the grants came through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, which was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "We are pleased to announce awardees of the Maryland Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program. The 2014 Farm Bill provided significant grant funding dedicated to
specialty crops to become available," said Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Joe
Bartenfelder "These funds are a great opportunity to help farmers and
value-added producers advance and promote local specialty crops in the
marketplace and spark new markets, healthy eating, and job creation."



 The department created a competitive grant process with a review committee to
award these federal funds. The following is a snapshot of the funded projects:



 Chesapeake Farm to Table - $18,584 - Develop a low-cost, shared infrastructure
system for post-harvest handling and storage of winter crops to help expand
sales to restaurants.



 Grow & Fortify - $28,071 - Develop a state and county-level regulatory matrix
that will provide an outline of the permits and processes required for specialty
crop producers to sell and market raw and value-added agricultural products.



 Maryland Department of Agriculture - $254,051



     Continue to strengthen consumer awareness of local specialty crops and
connect specialty crop farmers with markets through seasonal promotions of
Maryland specialty crops via mass media; MarylandsBest.net; direct partnerships
with Maryland specialty crop associations such as the Mar-Del Watermelon
Association, Maryland Cut Flowers Association, and Maryland Apple Promotion
Board; and other strategic promotional avenues - $107,952;

     Continue to mitigate specialty crop food safety risks by providing
training, certification of compliance with food safety practices, cost-share,
and technical assistance to specialty crop producers and packers transitioning
from voluntary food safety programs, USDA Good Agricultural Practices and Good
Handling Practices,  to be in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act
Produce Safety Rule - $130,884; and

     Perform pre-award and post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program funding and ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees
abide by Federal and State requirements and regulations - $15,215.



 Maryland Horticultural Society - $15,000 - "Reach for the Peach" education
program and campaign will create a social media platform and marketing toolbox
for peach growers to use during the season to increase consumer awareness of
locally produced peaches for the retail and farmers market segments.



 University of Maryland - $30,640 - Create new recommendations for small fruit
growers to sustainably manage spotted wing drosophila in red raspberries through
the evaluation of on-farm management practices (i.e. carrier water volume,
sprayer type, and canopy density).



 USDA announced over $62.5 million in specialty crops grants to U.S. states and
territories that will support 693 initiatives across the country to strengthen
markets and expand economic opportunities for local and regional producers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS accepting applications for 2017 Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services is accepting grant
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Nonprofits and
government agencies wishing to apply have until March 15.





 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program aims to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops in the marketplace. It is managed by the department, through
funding by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 "In 2016, we awarded more than $1 million for 11 projects across the state,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The success and growth of
specialty crops are important as we grow our agriculture and agribusiness
industry from $84 billion to $100 billion."



 The department will accept grant requests ranging from $20,000 to $200,000 from
nonprofit organizations, commodity associations, state and local government
agencies, colleges and universities. Grants are not available for projects that
directly benefit or provide a profit to a single organization, institution or
individual. The application deadline is 5 p.m., March 15.



 Eligible projects must involve fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs
and spices, medicinal plants, nursery, floriculture or horticulture crops.
Funding is also available for projects aimed at developing local and regional
food systems and improving food access.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS accepting applications for 2017 Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services is accepting grant
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Nonprofits and
government agencies wishing to apply have until March 15.


 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program aims to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops in the marketplace. It is managed by the department, through
funding by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
 "In 2016, we awarded more than $1 million for 11 projects across the state,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The success and growth of
specialty crops are important as we grow our agriculture and agribusiness
industry from $84 billion to $100 billion."
 The department will accept grant requests ranging from $20,000 to $200,000 from
nonprofit organizations, commodity associations, state and local government
agencies, colleges and universities. Grants are not available for projects that
directly benefit or provide a profit to a single organization, institution or
individual. The application deadline is 5 p.m., March 15.
 Eligible projects must involve fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs
and spices, medicinal plants, nursery, floriculture or horticulture crops.
Funding is also available for projects aimed at developing local and regional
food systems and improving food access.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS accepting applications for 2017 Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services is accepting grant
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Nonprofits and
government agencies wishing to apply have until March 15.


 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program aims to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops in the marketplace. It is managed by the department, through
funding by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
 "In 2016, we awarded more than $1 million for 11 projects across the state,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The success and growth of
specialty crops are important as we grow our agriculture and agribusiness
industry from $84 billion to $100 billion."
 The department will accept grant requests ranging from $20,000 to $200,000 from
nonprofit organizations, commodity associations, state and local government
agencies, colleges and universities. Grants are not available for projects that
directly benefit or provide a profit to a single organization, institution or
individual. The application deadline is 5 p.m., March 15.
 Eligible projects must involve fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs
and spices, medicinal plants, nursery, floriculture or horticulture crops.
Funding is also available for projects aimed at developing local and regional
food systems and improving food access.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS accepting applications for 2017 Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services is accepting grant
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Nonprofits and
government agencies wishing to apply have until March 15.


 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program aims to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops in the marketplace. It is managed by the department, through
funding by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
 "In 2016, we awarded more than $1 million for 11 projects across the state,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The success and growth of
specialty crops are important as we grow our agriculture and agribusiness
industry from $84 billion to $100 billion."
 The department will accept grant requests ranging from $20,000 to $200,000 from
nonprofit organizations, commodity associations, state and local government
agencies, colleges and universities. Grants are not available for projects that
directly benefit or provide a profit to a single organization, institution or
individual. The application deadline is 5 p.m., March 15.
 Eligible projects must involve fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs
and spices, medicinal plants, nursery, floriculture or horticulture crops.
Funding is also available for projects aimed at developing local and regional
food systems and improving food access.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Specialty Crop Block Grant Applications to be Available Online

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture will soon accept applications for the
USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. These federal funds are granted to
enhance production and competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits and
vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, floriculture and other nursery crops. The
grants are authorized through the federal Food, Conservation and Energy Act of
2008 and are administered by TDA.

"For experienced producers who want to advance, Specialty Crop Block Grants can
take their operations to the next level," assistant commissioner for Market
Development Ed Harlan said. "The projects funded by these grants have the
potential to benefit our rural communities and the citizens of Tennessee."

Applications will only be accepted online beginning April 15. You will find a
template and additional information at
www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing/scbg.shtml. The deadline to apply is May 8.

Universities, institutions, cooperatives, producers, and industry or
community-based organizations may submit a proposal for funding. The program
aims to support projects that directly impact multiple Tennessee producers and
will have a positive, long-lasting impact on Tennessee agriculture. All
recipients must be recognized by the IRS.

Proposals are reviewed and ranked according to criteria provided on the website.
Applicants will be notified by June 12 whether TDA intends to present their
projects to the USDA. First-time recipients have a funding limit of $25,000.

If you would like help planning your project, TDA is hosting a workshop April 14
at Ellington Agricultural Center. The workshop runs from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. CDT in
the Ed Jones Auditorium. There is no charge to participate and lunch will be
provided. Registration is required. Email TN.SCBG@tn.gov and type "RSVP for
April 14" in the subject line. Your email should include your name, the name of
your business and number of attendees.

For more information regarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
email TN.SCBG@tn.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Specialty Crop Block Grant Applications to be Available Online

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture will soon accept applications for the
USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. These federal funds are granted to
enhance production and competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits and
vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, floriculture and other nursery crops. The
grants are authorized through the federal Food, Conservation and Energy Act of
2008 and are administered by TDA.

"For experienced producers who want to advance, Specialty Crop Block Grants can
take their operations to the next level," assistant commissioner for Market
Development Ed Harlan said. "The projects funded by these grants have the
potential to benefit our rural communities and the citizens of Tennessee."

Applications will only be accepted online beginning April 15. You will find a
template and additional information at
www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing/scbg.shtml. The deadline to apply is May 8.

Universities, institutions, cooperatives, producers, and industry or
community-based organizations may submit a proposal for funding. The program
aims to support projects that directly impact multiple Tennessee producers and
will have a positive, long-lasting impact on Tennessee agriculture. All
recipients must be recognized by the IRS.

Proposals are reviewed and ranked according to criteria provided on the website.
Applicants will be notified by June 12 whether TDA intends to present their
projects to the USDA. First-time recipients have a funding limit of $25,000.

If you would like help planning your project, TDA is hosting a workshop April 14
at Ellington Agricultural Center. The workshop runs from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. CDT in
the Ed Jones Auditorium. There is no charge to participate and lunch will be
provided. Registration is required. Email TN.SCBG@tn.gov and type "RSVP for
April 14" in the subject line. Your email should include your name, the name of
your business and number of attendees.

For more information regarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
email TN.SCBG@tn.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Minnesota gets $704K in grants to support specialty crops

BYLINE: Kevin Featherly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 453  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is distributing federal block
grants totaling $704,000 to support nine so-called "specialty crop" projects in
the state.

Brian Erickson, an MDA agriculture-marketing specialist, says the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's specialty-crop block grant program has given
projects in the state $2.8 million since the program's inception with Congress'
passage of the 2008 farm bill.

MDA is responsible for managing grant applications, recommending recipients and
dispersing the federal funds when they arrive, Erickson says. His department
makes its recommendations based on a panel of outside reviewers from the
specialty crop industry and as well as internal reviews, he says. Specialty
crops include fruits, many kinds of vegetables and nursery crops, Erickson says.
In Minnesota, he says, that includes numerous noncommodity crops grown in the
state, such as potatoes. Nine awardees were selected from among 22 applicants,
Erickson says. The winners represent a variety of projects -- everything from
marketing campaigns to assistance obtaining training and equipment. The winners
include:

* The University of Minnesota, which won a grant to fund workshops and
demonstration audits aimed at improving food safety by increasing adoption of
good agricultural practices.

* Minnesota Grown Promotional Group Inc. to increase the reach of its "Minnesota
Grown Directory," to identify and promote cultivation of Asian vegetables that
primarily are grown and marketed by Hmong farmers and to educate children about
local produce.

* Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy to assist Minnesota fruit and
vegetable growers by addressing key barriers in the child-care marketplace.

* St. Paul-based Renewing the Countryside to help Minnesota specialty crop
growers develop business relationships with institutional buyers.

* Minnesota Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association to help educate Minnesota
specialty crop producers through interactive workshops

* Minnesota Farmers Market Association to help specialty crop producers obtain
training and equipment to safely demonstrate food selection and preparation.

* MDA and the U of M to evaluate the role soybean aphid may be playing in the
spread of particular seed potato virus and to develop pest management
recommendations.

* An additional pair of related grants are going to U of M, one to educate
strawberry growers on new production methods using low tunnels and the other to
foster networking among high-tunnel growers.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program that awards the funds is on hold for the
next federal fiscal year because Congress has yet to pass the new farm bill,
Erickson says.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Montana, USDA Award Nearly $1 Million in Specialty Crop Block Grants

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Helena


Montana University System has issued the following news release:

The Montana Department of Agriculture and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
have selected the recipients of the 2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants. Overall,
eleven entities involved with specialty crops met the grant qualifications and
will receive some $986,000 in grant funds to help advance agriculture in
Montana. Specialty crops are fruits and vegetables, culinary and medicinal
herbs, horticultural, and nursery crops, including floriculture. Plants must be
intensively cultivated and used by people for food, medicinal purposes and/or
aesthetic gratification. Eligible projects must solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in either domestic or foreign markets. More
information on specialty crops and eligibility is available on the department's
website .

"With the growth in specialty crops like lentils and dry peas, the state tripled
the amount of grant funding available from USDA. We are excited to get this
money out the door and on the ground to help advance Montana agriculture," said
Montana Department of Agriculture Director Ron de Yong.

2014 Specialty Crop Block Grant Awardees: Montana State University , Schutter
Diagnostic Lab, Detection of Fungicide Resistant Ascochyta Blight $95,710.

Montana State University, Montana Seed Potato Certification, evaluating
generation resistance to potato virus Y in potatoes $126,008.

Montana State University, Western Agricultural Research Center, evaluation of
Montana-grown "Superfood" fruits $119,10.

Lake County Community Development Corporation: Mission Mountain Food Enterprise
Center, food safety trainings for Group Gap $136,157.

Montana State University, Lewis & Clark County Extension Identification,
Preservation, and Propagation of Heritage Orchards in Montana $127,680.

Headwaters RC&D Area Inc ., Meeting Montana's Food Safety Education Needs
$57,327.

Montana State University, Missoula County Extension, Montana Sustainable
Strawberry Initiative $55,017.

Montana State University, Flenniken Lab Montana Bee Viruses: Identification and
Transmission $65,000.

Montana State University, Department of Plant Sciences & Plant Pathology
Northern Plains Vegetable Variety Testing $30,056.

Montana Nursery & Landscape Association, Plant Something: Montana-Grown
Awareness Campaign $52,380.

SCBG, Management & Compliance $121,792.

For the last two year's Montana has been one of the leading producers of lentils
and dry peas according to USDA National Agriculture Statistics Service. In
addition, crop diversification with specialty crops and other crops have been a
part of the 51 percent increase in the value of agriculture over the last five
years.

The Montana Department of Agriculture's mission is to protect producers and
consumers, and to enhance and develop agriculture and allied industries. For
more information on the Montana Department of Agriculture, visit
http://www.agr.mt.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

USDA to retain fruit and vegetable program

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words


Jan. 28--WASHINGTON -- Fruit and vegetable growers have won a small but symbolic
victory as the Obama administration starts steering the Agriculture Department
in a new direction.

Facing political heat from California lawmakers, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack has agreed to retain $3.18 million in a grant program that encourages
fruit and vegetable consumption. The decision reverses a move made quietly in
the dying days of the Bush administration. It also gives a little taste of how
Washington works.

"We raised holy heck about it," Robert Guenther, vice president of the United
Fresh Produce Association, said Tuesday when asked about how the Agriculture
Department's original decision got reversed.

The Bush administration had wanted to spend the $3.18 million implementing a
country-of-origin labeling program. Vilsack decided, instead, to return the
money to a specialty crop block grant program. Though the dollar amounts are
modest, the former Iowa governor stressed he's sending a signal.

"It is clear, from what President Obama has indicated to me, that he wants this
department to promote nutrition through the use of healthy fruits and
vegetables," Vilsack said Monday.

The money at stake is part of a specialty crop block grant program, recently
expanded under the five-year farm bill completed last year. Fruit and vegetable
growers in states like California and Florida considered this block grant
expansion, to $466 million over 10 years, one of their big successes in the
overall farm bill debate.

Every state gets some of the money, but states with lots of fruit and vegetable
production get more.

For instance, University of California at Davis researchers have used past
specialty crop block grant dollars to fund work on the "ecological footprint" of
walnut orchards. The California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance received
funding for studies of greenhouse gas emissions. The California School Nutrition
Foundation received money to establish salad bars in 40 California schools.

"We think that when block grant money is spent well, it can be very beneficial,"
said Jack King, manager of national affairs for the California Farm Bureau
Federation.

Some skeptics even among farm lobbyists question the overall effectiveness of
the block grants, but they enjoy influential political support. Nonetheless,
during the Christmas holiday period, the outgoing Bush administration announced
it was taking the $3.18 million for help with putting country-of-origin labeling
into place.

After much delay, the final labeling rules take effect March 16. The labeling
requirements cover meat, fish, fruits and vegetables, nuts and more. The
Agriculture Department will need funds to administer the rules, which include
potential fines for violators. Separately, industry will spend an estimated $2.6
billion in the first year to put labels and maintain records.

Bush administration officials said they would use the money lifted from the
specialty crop program for a retail survey, training, auditing and the hiring of
temporary workers. Lawmakers and industry leaders erupted, once they found out
what happened.

"This action has significantly eroded the trust built up through our joint work
on the 2008 farm bill," Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Calif., wrote to then-Agriculture
Secretary Ed Shafter on Jan. 7.

Cardoza chairs the House horticulture and organic agriculture subcommittee.
Other lawmakers who share specialty crop interests weighed in as well. The chair
of the House agriculture appropriations panel, Rep. Sam Farr, D-Calif., got
involved. Congressional staffers began calling around to complain, and farm
lobbyists made sure the Obama administration's incoming farm transition team
knew what all the fuss was about.

To see more stories from the McClatchy Washington Bureau, go to
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, McClatchy Newspapers
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090128-WA-FRUIT-VEGETABLE-20090128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2009 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              73 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Oregon: ODA accepting proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop grants

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for project
ideas as part of US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program for 2017. Approximately $1.6 million is expected to be available to
agriculture industry associations, producer groups, processors, commodity
commissions, non-profits, for profits, and local government agencies in Oregon.
Funding for Oregon's program is contingent upon federal funding for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 Specialty crops are defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, and nursery crops. Oregon ranks in the top ten nationwide in production of
specialty crops.



 For the 2017 SCBGP Request for Proposals, ODA has introduced a single phase
process known as the Grant Proposal Application. ODA is requesting 15-page grant
proposals from applicants describing their proposed projects. Proposals can be
submitted online and must be received by Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 12:00 noon
Pacific Standard Time.Based on a survey of specialty crop producers,
associations, commissions, and other stakeholders to determine priority needs,
the following 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding priorities have
been identified:



 o       Market Development and Access for international, regional, domestic,
and local/farm direct markets



 o       Certification programs



 o       Food safety compliance and traceability



 o       Improving efficiency of distribution systems



 o       Addressing pest and disease management issues



 o       Training and equipping the next generation



 o       On-farm labor needs, workforce programs or tools



 o       Productivity enhancements, innovation, value added products



 o       Agriculture and food-related priorities identified by Oregon Solutions
Network Regional Solutions Centers



 Projects not addressing one of the identified priorities are still eligible for
funding, as long as they meet all other program requirements. Details of the
funding priorities can be found online.



 In May, an industry advisory committee will evaluate proposals and make
recommendations to ODA Director Alexis Taylor on the selection of the top ranked
applicants. Selected applicants will be submitted to USDA in the Oregon State
Plan Application. Projects chosen to receive funding will be announced by
November 2017.



 ODA and the advisory committee are looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon growers and processors as well as partners in
other states that share common specialty crops. Those who have received
specialty crop grant funds in the past are also encouraged to apply, whether
they are interested in building on an existing project or if they are proposing
a new project.



 Proposals may be submitted for a project within the suggested funding range of
$25,000 to $175,000, and for a project timeline of up to two and a half years.
Match funding is not a requirement of this program, however applicants are
highly encouraged to provide some level of match to show the importance and
value of the project and to show sustainability beyond SCBGP funds.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Specialty Crop Block Grant Applications to be Available Online

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture will soon accept applications for the
USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. These federal funds are granted to
enhance production and competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits and
vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, floriculture and other nursery crops. The
grants are authorized through the federal Food, Conservation and Energy Act of
2008 and are administered by TDA.

"For experienced producers who want to advance, Specialty Crop Block Grants can
take their operations to the next level," assistant commissioner for Market
Development Ed Harlan said. "The projects funded by these grants have the
potential to benefit our rural communities and the citizens of Tennessee."

Applications will only be accepted online beginning April 15. You will find a
template and additional information at
www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing/scbg.shtml. The deadline to apply is May 8.

Universities, institutions, cooperatives, producers, and industry or
community-based organizations may submit a proposal for funding. The program
aims to support projects that directly impact multiple Tennessee producers and
will have a positive, long-lasting impact on Tennessee agriculture. All
recipients must be recognized by the IRS.

Proposals are reviewed and ranked according to criteria provided on the website.
Applicants will be notified by June 12 whether TDA intends to present their
projects to the USDA. First-time recipients have a funding limit of $25,000.

If you would like help planning your project, TDA is hosting a workshop April 14
at Ellington Agricultural Center. The workshop runs from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. CDT in
the Ed Jones Auditorium. There is no charge to participate and lunch will be
provided. Registration is required. Email TN.SCBG@tn.gov and type "RSVP for
April 14" in the subject line. Your email should include your name, the name of
your business and number of attendees.

For more information regarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
email TN.SCBG@tn.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Specialty Crop Block Grant Applications to be Available Online

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture will soon accept applications for the
USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. These federal funds are granted to
enhance production and competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits and
vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, floriculture and other nursery crops. The
grants are authorized through the federal Food, Conservation and Energy Act of
2008 and are administered by TDA.

"For experienced producers who want to advance, Specialty Crop Block Grants can
take their operations to the next level," assistant commissioner for Market
Development Ed Harlan said. "The projects funded by these grants have the
potential to benefit our rural communities and the citizens of Tennessee."

Applications will only be accepted online beginning April 15. You will find a
template and additional information at
www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing/scbg.shtml. The deadline to apply is May 8.

Universities, institutions, cooperatives, producers, and industry or
community-based organizations may submit a proposal for funding. The program
aims to support projects that directly impact multiple Tennessee producers and
will have a positive, long-lasting impact on Tennessee agriculture. All
recipients must be recognized by the IRS.

Proposals are reviewed and ranked according to criteria provided on the website.
Applicants will be notified by June 12 whether TDA intends to present their
projects to the USDA. First-time recipients have a funding limit of $25,000.

If you would like help planning your project, TDA is hosting a workshop April 14
at Ellington Agricultural Center. The workshop runs from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. CDT in
the Ed Jones Auditorium. There is no charge to participate and lunch will be
provided. Registration is required. Email TN.SCBG@tn.gov and type "RSVP for
April 14" in the subject line. Your email should include your name, the name of
your business and number of attendees.

For more information regarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
email TN.SCBG@tn.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Farm Briefs: Bee directory, almond conference, specialty crops grant reviewers

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 504 words


The Almond Board of California has created a pollination directory, which is a
searchable database of beekeepers that almond growers can use to source
pollinators. To maintain the accuracy of the pollination directory for almond
growers, there is an annual review of the beekeeper entries. Visit the website
to review, update, and resubmit your information every year, or your entry and
contact information may be removed.

To see if your beekeeping business is listed: http://goo.gl/8vofOK

To update your listing: http://goo.gl/MROJR1

The free almond conference takes place Dec. 9-11 at the Sacramento Convention
Center.

Topics include irrigation, almond quality, pest management, exporter regulations
and new technology. The day will wrap up with an opening reception on the trade
show floor. Other events will highlight Almond Board of California research. The
program also includes the gala dinner with comedian Mike Hammer, ventriloquist
Taylor Mason and master of ceremonies Juston McKinney. For the first time ever,
a local cover band will perform.

Go to AlmondConference.com to see the complete agenda and to register.

California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is looking for volunteers
with expertise in the specialty crop industry to be reviewers for the 2015
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Technical Review Committee. This committee
reviews, evaluates, and makes recommendations to CDFA on proposals submitted for
California Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Grant awards will
range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project with a duration of up to two years
and nine months.

Technical Review Committee members will meet three times between January and May
2015 to make recommendations on concept and grant proposals. To apply, submit an
application via email to grants@cdfa.ca.gov before Dec. 8. Applications must
include a letter of interest, short biography, and statement of qualifications
identifying the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding category related to
the applicant's area of expertise.

For a description of the funding categories, reference the 2015 Request for
Concept Proposals at www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants .

The Bureau of Reclamation opened the Delta Cross Channel Gates Friday to meet
interior water quality standards in the Bay-Delta. The gates will remain open
until further notice.

The Delta Cross Channel Gates control the diversion channel near Walnut Grove
about 30 miles south of Sacramento. When the gates are open, fresh water is
drawn from the Sacramento River into the interior of the Sacramento/San Joaquin
Delta through Snodgrass Slough and the Mokelumne River. When open, the gates
also allow for boat traffic to pass. When closed, the gates prevent salmon from
being diverted from their migratory route up the Sacramento River.

To submit local items for Farm Briefs, email to hhacking@chicoer.com Please put
"farm briefs" in the subject line.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Almonds are picked up from the orchard floor near Durham in late
August.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Farm Briefs: Bee directory, almond conference, specialty crops grant reviewers

BYLINE: Oroville Mercury-Register

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


The Almond Board of California has created a pollination directory, which is a
searchable database of beekeepers that almond growers can use to source
pollinators. To maintain the accuracy of the pollination directory for almond
growers, there is an annual review of the beekeeper entries. Visit the website
to review, update, and resubmit your information every year, or your entry and
contact information may be removed.

To see if your beekeeping business is listed: http://goo.gl/8vofOK

To update your listing: http://goo.gl/MROJR1

The free almond conference takes place Dec. 9-11 at the Sacramento Convention
Center.

Topics include irrigation, almond quality, pest management, exporter regulations
and new technology. The day will wrap up with an opening reception on the trade
show floor. Other events will highlight Almond Board of California research. The
program also includes the gala dinner with comedian Mike Hammer, ventriloquist
Taylor Mason and master of ceremonies Juston McKinney. For the first time ever,
a local cover band will perform.

Go to AlmondConference.com to see the complete agenda and to register.

California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is looking for volunteers
with expertise in the specialty crop industry to be reviewers for the 2015
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Technical Review Committee. This committee
reviews, evaluates, and makes recommendations to CDFA on proposals submitted for
California Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Grant awards will
range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project with a duration of up to two years
and nine months.

Technical Review Committee members will meet three times between January and May
2015 to make recommendations on concept and grant proposals. To apply, submit an
application via email to grants@cdfa.ca.gov before Dec. 8. Applications must
include a letter of interest, short biography, and statement of qualifications
identifying the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding category related to
the applicant's area of expertise.

For a description of the funding categories, reference the 2015 Request for
Concept Proposals at www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants .

The Bureau of Reclamation opened the Delta Cross Channel Gates Friday to meet
interior water quality standards in the Bay-Delta. The gates will remain open
until further notice.

The Delta Cross Channel Gates control the diversion channel near Walnut Grove
about 30 miles south of Sacramento. When the gates are open, fresh water is
drawn from the Sacramento River into the interior of the Sacramento/San Joaquin
Delta through Snodgrass Slough and the Mokelumne River. When open, the gates
also allow for boat traffic to pass. When closed, the gates prevent salmon from
being diverted from their migratory route up the Sacramento River.

To submit local items for Farm Briefs, email to hhacking@chicoer.com Please put
"farm briefs" in the subject line.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Almonds are picked up from the orchard floor near Durham in late
August.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota: Submit your specialty crop grant proposals to the MDA

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Minnesota Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is accepting grant proposals for
specialty crop research and development, in anticipation of a federal block
grant by the USDA, authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill. The goal of the 2015
Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) Program is to increase the competitiveness of
specialty crops.

Specialty crops are fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture,
and nursery crops (including floriculture). Non-profits, government agencies,
universities, and other organizations involved in Minnesota agriculture are
encouraged to apply for funding to support new and on-going innovative research.
SCBG projects may be used to further a specialty crop industry or segment, but
are not granted for the benefit of a single organization, institution, business,
or individual.

"All shapes and sizes of agriculture matter in Minnesota and although specialty
crops are a smaller market than the big commodities, they're vital to the
economy and innovation of our state's farming future," said Commissioner Dave
Frederickson.

The MDA is seeking proposals spanning up to nearly three years and range from
$10,000 - $100,000, in anticipation of a federal allocation around $1.2 million.
The MDA accepts eligible applications submitted either via online application,
https://www.grantinterface.com/Common/LogOn.aspx?eqs=aBcdzT88cio4Jcof4JQ-mg2, or
email by 4:00 p.m. on April 30, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Specialty Crop Block Grant Program: Removal

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS)



 Action Final rule; removal. Summary The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is
rescinding and removing from the Code of Federal Regulations 7 CFR part 1290
entitled "Specialty Crop Block Grant Program" (SCBGP) in its entirety. This
regulation implemented the SCBGP for the fiscal years 2006 to 2008 and is now
obsolete. Dates Effective April 19, 2016. For Further Information Contact Trista
Etzig, Grants Division Director; Telephone: (202) 720-8356; email:

Trista.Etzig@ams.usda.gov Supplementary Information SCBGP is authorized under
the Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note). AMS
published 7 CFR part 1290, as a Final rule, in the Federal Register on September
11, 2006 (71 FR 53307), to establish regulations for SCBGP. SCBGP is a
noncompetitive grant program that makes funds available to eligible entities for
projects to solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops. The rule
established SCBGP eligibility and application requirements, review and approval
processes, and grant administration procedures for SCBGP for the fiscal years
2006 to 2008. The grant agreements that 7 CFR part 1290 affected have expired
and the regulations are now obsolete. Therefore, the AMS is rescinding and
removing the regulation implementing the SCBGP from 2006 to 2008 in its
entirety. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1290 Agriculture, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Specialty crop block grants. Regulatory Text Part
1290 Removed and Reserved For the reasons set forth in the preamble, under the
authority of 7 U.S.C. 1621 note, 7 CFR part 1290 is removed. Dated: April 12,
2016. Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-08832 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

USDA Announces $118 Million in Grants for Specialty Crops, States Praise Funding

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture has issued the
following press release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced nearly $118 million in
grants to strengthen markets for specialty crops, such as fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops. The grants were authorized through
the 2014 Farm Bill as part of an effort to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops and provide resources to strengthen American agriculture. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a top Farm Bill priority for NASDA. For a
full collection of state specific press releases regarding this USDA
announcement of funding, click here.

Sales of specialty crops total nearly $65 billion per year, making them a
critical part of the U.S. economy. The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS), will provide $66 million to state departments of agriculture for
projects that help support specialty crop growers, including locally grown
fruits and vegetables, through research and programs to increase demand. In
addition, USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) is awarding
$51.8 million in grants through its Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI).
SCRI supports the specialty crop sector by developing and disseminating
science-based tools to address the needs of specific crops.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota: Submit your specialty crop grant proposals to the MDA

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Minnesota Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is accepting grant proposals for
specialty crop research and development, in anticipation of a federal block
grant by the USDA, authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill. The goal of the 2015
Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) Program is to increase the competitiveness of
specialty crops.

Specialty crops are fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture,
and nursery crops (including floriculture). Non-profits, government agencies,
universities, and other organizations involved in Minnesota agriculture are
encouraged to apply for funding to support new and on-going innovative research.
SCBG projects may be used to further a specialty crop industry or segment, but
are not granted for the benefit of a single organization, institution, business,
or individual.

"All shapes and sizes of agriculture matter in Minnesota and although specialty
crops are a smaller market than the big commodities, they're vital to the
economy and innovation of our state's farming future," said Commissioner Dave
Frederickson.

The MDA is seeking proposals spanning up to nearly three years and range from
$10,000 - $100,000, in anticipation of a federal allocation around $1.2 million.
The MDA accepts eligible applications submitted either via online application,
https://www.grantinterface.com/Common/LogOn.aspx?eqs=aBcdzT88cio4Jcof4JQ-mg2, or
email by 4:00 p.m. on April 30, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Announced

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Agriculture will soon accept applications for the
USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 The application period is April 15 until May 6. With that time being relatively
brief, participants are encouraged to plan project details before the
application period begins.



 TDA Assistant Commissioner for Market Development Ed Harlan advises eligible
individuals and organizations to prepare proposals in advance, using the 2016
project template. That template and information required to apply are available
here.



 "Specialty crop block grants can take established operations from good to
great," Harlan said. "Competitive projects will have the potential to benefit
our rural communities and the citizens of Tennessee."



 The USDA grants are authorized through the federal Food, Conservation and
Energy Act of 2008 and are administered by TDA. The SCBG funds are granted to
enhance production and competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits and
vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, floriculture and other nursery crops.



 Universities, institutions, cooperatives, producers, and industry or
community-based organizations may submit a proposal for funding. The program
aims to support projects that directly affect multiple Tennessee producers and
have a positive, long-lasting impact on Tennessee agriculture. All recipients
must be recognized by the IRS.



 Proposals are reviewed and ranked according to criteria provided on the
website. Applicants will be notified by June 13 whether TDA intends to present
their projects to the USDA. First-time recipients have a funding limit of
$25,000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 7, 2011 Monday

USA: State Department Of Agriculture Announces Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program For 2011

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: West Virginia


West Virginia, Feb. 07 -- The state of West Virginia has issued following press
release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) announced publication of its
Request for Proposals for the Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) Program today.
Over the past four years, WVDA has distributed approximately $950,000 in funding
to 134 projects throughout the state through a competitive grant awards program.
The SCBG is funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and administered by the
WVDA. It is anticipated that funding in 2011 will award approximately $170,000
to grant recipients throughout the State.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects. Specialty crops
include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery stock and
value-added products.

"The diversity of projects and the issues that have been addressed throughout
the state in the last four years is a testament to the importance of specialty
crops in West Virginia," said Commissioner of Agriculture Gus R. Douglass. "We
have funded important research work in cultivar selection for fruits and
vegetables, marketing programs for start up and expanding farmers' markets
focusing on specialty crop sales, youth projects with research and marketing
components, expanded the Food and Culture curriculum in a Raleigh County school
to include traditional Appalachian specialty crops and increased awareness of
West Virginia value-added specialty crops in regional marketplaces."

Program guidelines and applicant materials are posted on the WVDA website
www.wvagriculture.org. WVDA staff will be available during the 2011 Small Farm
Conference in Morgantown (February 17-19) to discuss specific projects and
answer questions about the Program. Deadline for application is Monday, March
14, 2011.

For more information please contact: info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 193  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture Food and Forestry said
federal grants are available for specialty crops.

The grants are offered through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program offered by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture Marketing Services. Eligible
applicants include nonprofit organizations, local, state and federal government
entities, for-profit organizations and colleges and universities.

"The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a great opportunity to fund research,
education and outreach projects that benefit Oklahoma's specialty crop farmers,"
said Jason Harvey, an agriculture marketing coordinator for ODAFF. "These funds
also help improve the quality and availability of locally produced fruits and
vegetables to consumers. "

Eligible special crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and
spices, medicinal plants and nursery, floriculture and horticulture crops.

April 21 is the deadline for grant applications. Applications are at
www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Transportation and Marketing Program: Notice of Guidance Regarding the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, Multi-State Project Competition

LENGTH: 1152  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Availability Of Guidance With, Request For Comments.
Summary

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is announcing the availability of a
guidance document intended for use by State departments of agriculture in the 50
States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands. The guidance document is entitled: Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, Multi-State Project Competition. This guidance document is
intended to inform the public of the Transportation Marketing Program's (TM)
current thinking on this topic and will be used to develop a Request for
Applications (RFA). Comments are requested on the guidance.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. Background
    II. Significance of Guidance
    III. Electronic Access

DATES: Back to Top

To ensure that TM considers your comment on this guidance before it begins work
on a RFA, submit written comments on the guidance by November 24, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Interested persons may submit comments on these guidance documents using the
following procedures:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Comments may be submitted by mail to: Arthur L. Neal, Jr., Deputy
Administrator, Transportation and Marketing Program, USDA-AMS-TM, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Room 4543 So., Ag Stop 0264, Washington, DC 20250-0264.

Written comments responding to this request should be identified with the
document number AMS-14-0073; TM-14-03. You should clearly indicate your position
and the reasons for your position. If you are suggesting changes to the guidance
document, you should include recommended language changes, as appropriate, along
with any relevant supporting documentation.

USDA intends to make available all comments, including names and addresses when
provided, regardless of submission procedure used, on www.regulations.gov and at
USDA, AMS, TM, Room 4543-South building, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington,
DC, from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday (except
official Federal holidays). Persons wanting to visit the USDA South Building to
view comments from the public to this notice are requested to make an
appointment by calling (202) 690-1300.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Arthur L. Neal, Jr., Deputy Administrator, Director, Transportation and
Marketing Program, USDA-AMS-TM, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 4543 So., Ag
Stop 0264, Washington, DC 20250-0264; Telephone: (202) 690-1300; Fax: (202)
205-0338.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
I. Background Back to Top

The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill) proposes a new multi-state project
set-aside for projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty
crops under the amended Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C
1621 note) USDA may use no-year funding of $1 million in 2014, increasing $1
million per fiscal year to $5 million in 2018 to support multi-state projects.
Under subsection (j) of section 101 of the Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act
of 2004 (the Act), USDA has been instructed to provide guidance on how grants
will be made to multistate projects involving (1) food safety; (2) plant pests
and disease; (3) research; (4) crop-specific projects addressing common issues;
and (5) any other area that furthers the purposes of the section, as determined
by the Secretary.

This guidance describes the Transportation and Marketing Program's (TM) current
thinking on the administration of the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,
Multi-State Project Competition (SCBG-MSPC), specifically, the framework for
implementing the competitive grant program. The guidance describes parameters of
the program including objectives and eligibility criteria for projects and
applicants. AMS will use the guidance and comments received to develop a Request
for Applications that meets the requirements of section 10010 of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill), which amends Section 101 of the Specialty
Crops Competiveness Act of 2004 to add grants for multistate projects (7 U.S.C.
1621 note; Pub. L. 108-465).

This guidance provides information to all State departments of agriculture in
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands. This guidance also informs organizations that desire
to partner with States on multi-state specialty crop projects. It shares the
definition of a multi-state project, the priority areas, indicators of
successful applications, material regarding proposal development, award
information, grant period duration, award size, eligibility information, and
application review information. The guidance is available from AMS on its
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program Web site at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/scbgp.
II. Significance of Guidance Back to Top

This guidance document is being issued in accordance with the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) Bulletin on Agency Good Guidance Practices (GGPs)
(January 25, 2007, 72 FR 3432-3440).

The purpose of GGPs is to ensure that program guidance documents are developed
with adequate public participation, are readily available to the public, and are
not applied as binding requirements. This guidance represents TM's current
thinking on the topic. It does not create or confer any rights for, or on, any
person and does not operate to bind the TM or the public. Guidance documents are
intended to provide a uniform method for operations to comply that can reduce
the burden of developing their own methods and simplify audits and inspections.
Alternative approaches that can demonstrate compliance with the Specialty Crops
Competitiveness Act, as amended, (7 U.S.C. 1621 note) will be considered. As
with any alternative approach, TM strongly encourages States and industry to
discuss alternative approaches with TM before implementing them to avoid
unnecessary or wasteful expenditures of resources and to ensure the proposed
alternative approach complies with the Act.
III. Electronic Access Back to Top

Persons with access to Internet may obtain the guidance at either AMS' Specialty
Crop Block Grant Web site at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/scbgp or
http://www.regulations.gov. Requests for hard copies of the guidance documents
can be obtained by submitting a written request to the person listed in the
ADDRESSES section of this Notice.
Authority: Back to Top

7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Dated: October 20, 2014.

Rex A. Barnes,

Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                               The Journal Record

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 298  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry is
seeking applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

The program is offered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture
Marketing Services. Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations, local,
state, and federal government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges
and universities.

"The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a great opportunity to fund research,
education and outreach projects that benefit Oklahoma's specialty crop farmers,"
said Jason Harvey, an agriculture marketing coordinator for ODAFF. "These funds
also help improve the quality and availability of locally produced fruits and
vegetables to consumers. "

To be eligible, projects must solely enhance the competitiveness of an Oklahoma
specialty crop, and they must benefit a specialty crop segment as a whole. Grant
funds will not be awarded for projects that solely benefit a particular
commercial product or provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or
individual.

Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, and nursery,
floriculture and horticulture crops. Proposals may be for research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, food safety and security, education, increased knowledge
and consumption, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
conservation, product development, good agricultural practices, good handling
practices, and good manufacturing practices.

April 12 is the deadline for ODAFF to receive applications, which are available
at www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/scg.htm.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                            February 21, 2011 Monday

Mississippi Department of Agriculture and Commerce accepting specialty crop
grant applications

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 175  words


The Mississippi Department of Agriculture and Commerce is now accepting
proposals for Mississippi's FY 2011 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

The purpose of the program is to solely enhance the competitiveness of
Mississippi's specialty crop industry. Projects funded through the program must
address at least one of the following priority areas: research;
promotion/marketing; education/training; or, food safety/product handling.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is funded by the United States Department
of Agriculture and authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008
(Farm Bill). Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops (including floriculture). Funding
will not be awarded to projects that solely benefit a particular commercial
product or provide a profit to a single organization, institution or individual.

To obtain an application, visit www.mdac.state.ms.us, call (601) 359-1163, or
email paige@mdac.state.ms.us

Applications will be accepted until May 2.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Agriculture offers specialty crops grants

BYLINE: The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


March 03--The V.I. Agriculture Department has created a grant program to fund
projects that are designed to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in
the territory. This program is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Marketing Service's Specialty Crop Block Grant -- Farm Bill 2015
Program.

The purpose of the local program is to fund projects that can produce the
highest degree of measurable benefits to Virgin Islands specialty crop producers
in relation to each dollar spent. Project proposals that benefit the following
specialty crops are encouraged and will be given first preference: orchard
establishment, urban agriculture projects/community gardens and apiculture
training.

The Agriculture Department is seeking applications from individual farmers,
nonprofit organizations, corporations, businesses, commodity associations, state
and local government entities, and universities. Commissioner Carlos Robles
encourages interested persons to take advantage of this opportunity to advance
the agriculture industry in the territory.

Grant funds will be prioritized towards projects that can be used as models or
as pilot projects where one producer/organization is willing to show what they
have done to any other interested farmer, person or organization as long as
certain specific conditions are met. This may include on-site filming for the
Agriculture Department's "Fresh from the Farm" television program or for Special
Crop Block Grant promotional purposes.

Proposals/applications for grant funds should describe how the project
potentially impacts and produces measurable outcomes for the specialty crop
industry and/or the public rather than a single organization, institution, or
individual. Proposals will be evaluated on the following criteria:
Sustainability, Feasibility (consider goal, resources), Matching Resources,
Experience of Applicant, Thoroughness of Proposal, Realistic Nature of Budget,
Timely Submission, and Overall Potential for Success.

The department will accept grant applications from each applicant with a value
of up to $5,000 and a minimum of $1,000.

Application deadline is April 15.

For more information and to obtain a grant application package, contact Errol
Chichester at 340-778-0997 ext. 222 or visit the Agriculture Department offices
on all three islands.

___ (c)2016 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-1VI-Agriculture-offers-specialty-crops-grants-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2016 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              91 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 7, 2010 Sunday

Specialty crop growers can get aid

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES

LENGTH: 112 words


Specialty crop growers in Minnesota can now apply for grants through the state.

The Minnesota Department of Agriculture says the Specialty Crop Block Grants
help growers of crops such as fruits, vegetables and nursery plants compete in
today's marketplace.

Minnesota's federal allocation for the grants is just over $797,000.

Specialty Crop Block Grants may be used to increase the competitiveness of small
producers, to promote or create direct marketing opportunities, to invest in
specialty crop research, to educate consumers, to develop new seed varieties,
and for pest and disease control.

The department will accept grant applications through April 1.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More than $2.5 Million in USDA Funds for North
Dakota Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Appropriations and Agriculture
Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded the North Dakota Department of Agriculture with more than $2.5 million
dollars to support the state's specialty crops industry. The funding will
support 28 projects to research and develop specialty crops, which include
fruits, vegetables, beans, lentils, sunflowers, potatoes and horticulture
products, including honey. The funds are provided through the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program.





 "North Dakota is a leading producer of several specialty crops," said Hoeven.
"These funds will support our state's specialty crop industries and help to
diversify and strengthen production, while also improving the ways we bring
these products to market."



 The grants will benefit North Dakota organizations and agencies working to
develop and produce specialty crops, including leading agriculture research
centers such as North Dakota State University. A complete list of all 28
recipients is available here.



 Hoeven is a member of the U.S. Agriculture Committee, who supported the
Specialty Crop Block Grant program that was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill.
The senator served on the farm bill conference committee which worked to craft
and pass the farm bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More than $2.5 Million in USDA Funds for North
Dakota Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Appropriations and Agriculture
Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded the North Dakota Department of Agriculture with more than $2.5 million
dollars to support the state's specialty crops industry. The funding will
support 28 projects to research and develop specialty crops, which include
fruits, vegetables, beans, lentils, sunflowers, potatoes and horticulture
products, including honey. The funds are provided through the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program.





 "North Dakota is a leading producer of several specialty crops," said Hoeven.
"These funds will support our state's specialty crop industries and help to
diversify and strengthen production, while also improving the ways we bring
these products to market."



 The grants will benefit North Dakota organizations and agencies working to
develop and produce specialty crops, including leading agriculture research
centers such as North Dakota State University. A complete list of all 28
recipients is available here.



 Hoeven is a member of the U.S. Agriculture Committee, who supported the
Specialty Crop Block Grant program that was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill.
The senator served on the farm bill conference committee which worked to craft
and pass the farm bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 814 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

KDA seeks applications for specialty crop projects

BYLINE: Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words


March 17--Agriculture Commissioner Ryan Quarles recently announced that farmers
and other eligible applicants in Kentucky may seek funding from the Kentucky
Department of Agriculture for producing and marketing "specialty crops."

Specialty crops are defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops.

"Our soils and climate are conducive for Kentucky to be a major producer of
specialty crops," Quarles said. "In today's global economy, we're looking for
applicants that will make our specialty crops more competitive not only in this
country but around the world."

Eligible producers, commodity groups, agriculture organizations, colleges and
universities, municipalities, state agencies, and nonprofit organizations may
apply. The maximum award to any applicant is $50,000, but the KDA encourages
applications for lesser amounts.

Applications should show how the proposed project would produce measurable
benefits for the specialty crop industry and/or the public rather than just a
single entity. Grant funds will not be awarded for projects that solely provide
a profit for a single organization, institution, or individual. Matching funds
are encouraged but not required.

Applications must be postmarked no later than June 1. Projects cannot begin
until the U.S. Department of Agriculture has made its official award
announcement, expected in November. The program is funded by a Specialty Crop
Block Grant of more than $200,000 from USDA. The KDA administers the program in
Kentucky.

To download the application form, rules, eligibility requirements, and
guidelines, go to www.kyagr.com/marketing/crop-block-grant.html. For more
information, contact Joshua Lindau, the Kentucky Department of Agriculture's
plant marketing specialist, at (502) 782-4115 or joshua.lindau@ky.gov

___ (c)2016 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-SY-KDA-seeks-applications-for-specialty-crop
-projects-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2016 Grayson County News Gazette


                              95 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 193  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry is
seeking applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Agriculture Marketing Services.

Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges and universities.

"The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a great opportunity to fund research,
education and outreach projects that benefit Oklahoma's specialty crop farmers"
said Jason Harvey, an agriculture marketing coordinator for ODAFF. "These funds
also help improve the quality and availability of locally produced fruits and
vegetables to consumers. "

Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, and
floriculture and horticulture crops.

Grant proposals must be received by ODAFF no later than April 20.

Application information is available at www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

April 1 deadline set to apply for 2011 Federal Specialty Crop Block Grant
funding

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 265 words


LAS CRUCES -- New Mexicans are invited to apply for this year's Federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant Funding. The deadline to submit concept proposals to
New Mexico Department of Agriculture is Friday, April 1.

"The money is expected to be released by the United States Department of
Agriculture to NMDA, which serves as the fiscal agent, for the purpose of
helping to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops in domestic or
foreign markets," said David Lucero, director for NMDA's Marketing and
Development Division. "The department also works closely with these farmers and
groups in the months after in an effort to support their programs."

The 2008 Farm Bill defines specialty crops as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture).
Applicants must describe how their project will potentially impact the specialty
crop industry and /or the public rather than a single organization, institution,
or individual. Funding will become available after Oct. 1, 2011.

NMDA will also provide an overview of the grant program and application process
through workshops and/or webinars. The schedule follows:

Santa Fe: March 2, 2011, at the McCune Charitable Foundation office, 345 E.
Alameda. The phone number is (505) 983-8300

Las Cruces: March 4, 2011, in the NMDA conference room, 3190 S. Espina. The
phone number is (575) 646-4929.

For more information go to www.nmda.nmsu.edu or call (575) 646-4929

The deadline to submit concept proposals to NMDA is 5 p.m. Friday, April 1.

The dates for committee review of concept proposals is April 4-15.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

New York: Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of Issues Solicitation for
"Administration of the Specialty Crop Block Grant"

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of has issued requirement for
"Administration of the Specialty Crop Block Grant"



 Reference No.: 2022000



 Solicitation Type: General



 Description: The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets is
entering in to a single source agreement with the New York Farm Viability
Institute for administration of the Specialty Crop Block Grant.





 Deadline for All responses: 03/17/2015



 Contact Information:



 Agriculture & Markets, NYS Dept. of

 Contracts & Purchasing

 Judy Giovannetti

 Contract Management Specialist 2

 10B Airline Drive

 Albany, NY 12235

 United States

 Ph: 518-457-6172

 judy.giovannetti@agriculture.ny.gov



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Agriculture Department Announces New Specialty Crop Block Grant Program

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: Department of General Services, The State of Maryland  has issued
the following news release:



   The Maryland Department of Agriculture has announced a competitive grant
program to fund projects designed solely to enhance the competitiveness of local
specialty crops. The department will administer $354,000 in reimbursement grants
to projects focusing on food safety, market enhancement and pest management. The
minimum amount of funding per project is $15,000.





 The department intends to fund projects that can produce the highest degree of
measurable benefits to Maryland specialty crop producers in relation to each
dollar spent. Priority will be given to projects that focus on food safety,
market enhancement and/or pest management. Successful applicants will need to
have support from specialty crop producers, as well.



 To qualify for the grant, applicants must be a Maryland resident or affiliated
with a business or organization within the state. Electronic grant applications
must be submitted by 4 p.m. on April 20.



 Visit the department's website to download the application.  Interested
applicants are encouraged to contact Karen Fedor (karen.fedor@maryland.gov,
410-841-5773) to discuss their proposal.



 Specialty crops are defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops. The
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program was established by the 2014 Farm Bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Donnelly Welcomes Federal Grant Supporting Specialty Crops Projects across
Indiana

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Joe Donnelly, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Joe Donnelly today welcomed the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) announcement that it is awarding a federal grant to the Indiana State
Department of Agriculture that will help support six projects for Hoosier
specialty crop growers and researchers.

The Indiana State Department of Agriculture will receive more than $454,000
through the USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program to partner with
organizations to promote education, outreach, and research initiatives, as well
as expand production to increase access to specialty crops.

Donnelly said, "I am pleased the USDA awarded the Indiana State Department of
Agriculture this grant for specialty crop projects, which will provide a boost
to Indiana's agriculture community. Agriculture is critical to Indiana's economy
and specialty crops are vital to the success of Hoosier farms and producers. By
promoting the competiveness of specialty crops, this grant will help expand the
demand for Hoosier produce and support our agriculture industry."

Through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program,  grants are awarded to support
specialty crop programs and research across the country. These grants,
authorized by the Farm Bill, aim to increase the competitiveness of specialty
crops.

Three of the projects receiving grants will support partnerships with Purdue
University.

Breaking New Ground with Hops in Indiana: Varieties, Trellis Systems, and a
Collaborative Stakeholder Network seeks to increase knowledge of the costs,
supplies, and equipment needed to establish and manage hop production systems in
Indiana.
    Food Safety Education and Audits for Indiana Fruit and Vegetable Growers
will provide Food Safety Modernization Act training to specialty crop producers
to improve growers' access to markets and reduce the risk of foodborne illness.
    Finally, Integrating Farms to School Education Content into Classrooms will
institute a farm to school curriculum in the classroom to promote specialty
crops.

In addition, there are three Hoosier projects that aim to increase access to
fruits and vegetables, and raise awareness of Hoosier products.

The Urban Four-Season Specialty Crop Project of Growing Places Indy will grow
specialty crops year round by expanding greenhouses for the Indianapolis' Near
East Side and community members.
    Additionally, the Growing Opportunities project is a partnership with South
Central Community Action Program to increase access to locally grown fruits and
vegetables year round to low income residents' and adults with development
disabilities.
    Finally, the Nashville/Brown County Convention and Visitors Bureau will seek
to increase national awareness and salves of Indiana Maple sugar products
through Leading and Expanding Promotion and Sales of Indiana's Maple Sugar
Production Industry.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

2014 Farm Bill Supports Specialty Crop Growers

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 462  words


The 2014 Farm Bill has already set in motion and accomplished so much for our
country. With historic support for specialty crop producers across the country,
the bill will touch every one of our lives through one of the most basic of
human needs: food.

Specialty crops make up the bulk of what we eat-- all of our fruits and
vegetables, tree nuts and dried fruits--as well as things like cut flowers and
nursery crops. They are half of MyPlate at every meal, and the daily source for
most of our vitamins and nutrients. For many in rural America, these crops not
only provide nutrition, they are also a primary source of income.

For nearly a decade, USDA supported specialty crop growers across the country
through the Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) program. These grants enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops, sustain the livelihood of American farmers,
and strengthen rural economies.

Last year, the program provided $55 million for 700 state-selected projects
nationwide that contributed to food safety improvements, increased access to
healthy food, and provided, new research to help growers increase profitability
and sustainability. The new farm bill expands support through the SCBG program
to more than $66 million in grants for specialty crop growers--a historic high.

With projects focusing on everything from food safety to business planning, the
block grants are designed to increase the long-term success of producers and
broaden the market for specialty crops. Many states select projects that
dovetail with community needs, such as establishing farm to school programs,
providing training in good agricultural handling practices (GAP), creating
organic and sustainable production practices, and developing food hubs that will
increase opportunities for small-scale growers.

In Michigan, a 2009 grant helped the state

Department of Agriculture and Resource Development work with partners to
increase sales opportunities for specialty crop farmers in Southeast Michigan.
They were able to identify and overcome barriers that prevented schools from
purchasing products directly from local farmers, and ended up increasing the
sales of apples, cucumbers, peppers, red potatoes, broccoli and several other
crops within their state.

Another grant in Idaho established a partnership between the state Department of
Agriculture and Boise State University-Tech to provide workshops that helped
improve food safety and implement sustainable production practices for onions,
potatoes, apples, cherries, peas and lentils. We made the next round of SCBG
funds available so that states can begin funding projects. If you're interested
in applying, I encourage you to contact your state department of agriculture.
You can find more information at www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Clinch Valley Times


                              101 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Leahy, Sanders, Welch: $278,631 Farm Bill Grant - A Third Larger Than Last Year
-- Will Support VT Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Representative Peter Welch (D-Vt.) Friday
announced a $278,631 federal grant under the new Farm Bill to support specialty
crops in Vermont.  The grant will support maple producers, organic specialty
crop farmers and herb growers among others and is a 33 percent increase in
investment in specialty crops in Vermont from the previous year.

In a joint statement, Leahy, Sanders and Welch said:  "This investment will
leverage a wide range of improvements that will give Vermont farmers access to
new resources and tools to promote their products, to learn to implement
important new food safety standards, and to upgrade improved farming practices.
Vermont's ability to produce a wide diversity of crops, including many fruits
and vegetables, is a valued asset of our economy and an economic engine for many
Vermont communities.  Support for these specialty crop producers helps to bring
more local and healthy foods to market."

The grant was released by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) as part of
$118 million Specialty Crop Block Grant investment nationwide.  The funds are a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food and will support nine projects across Vermont.  These projects include
support for maple producers, organic specialty crop farmers, herb growers,
increased traceability for specialty crops, and education for food safety
training. For a complete list of Vermont projects, please visit USDA's website
here.  Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, pushed
for strong Farm Bill provisions for farmers of specialty crops, which were also
strongly supported by Sanders and Welch.

The 2014 Farm Bill increased the mandatory funding for Specialty Crop Block
Grants, which are administered by state departments of agriculture and serves a
wide variety of goals and interests.  The increased investment in the 2014 Farm
Bill is part of its commitment to strengthening the specialty crop industry.

This is the latest in a series of grants released to Vermont and Vermont farmers
as the new 2014 Farm Bill is being implemented.  Recent announcements have
topped $4.4 million to Vermont, not including other Farm Bill features such as a
new insurance plan to protect dairy farmers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FARM BILL BOOSTS FRUITS AND VEGGIES, RAISES SUGAR LOAN RATE

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 488 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Florida agriculture representatives Wednesday hailed an early version of a
five-year federal farm bill that would earmark substantially more money for
specialty crops such as fruits and vegetables and raise the sugar loan rate for
the first time in 22 years.

Spurred by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., whose state is the nation's
largest producer of specialty crops, the bill shifts support from some of the
more traditional crops, such as wheat, to specialty crops.

In the farm bill enacted five years ago, specialty crops received $200 million
with no block grants to states. In the farm bill now being considered, specialty
crops would receive at least $1.5 billion over five years.

Of that, $365 million would be given to states in block grants, with Florida
likely to get between $10 million to $15 million a year, said Leslie Palmer,
director of federal-state relations for the Florida Department of Agriculture
and Consumer Services.

Florida is the nation's second-largest producing state of specialty crops,
Palmer said.

Another $500 million would support programs nationwide that have benefited
specialty crops in recent years but are not specifically earmarked for those
crops.

The money would not be paid directly to growers - unlike traditional crop
support programs - but would be used by the state for research, development and
marketing, she said.

The bill also expands a federally financed fruit and vegetable snack program in
public schools from a four-state pilot project to all 50 states. The program,
which requires that the fruits and vegetables be grown in the United States,
would cost $350 million over five years.

"We are very pleased," Robert Guenther, senior vice president of United Fresh
Fruit and Produce Association, said Wednesday. "We're looking forward to
supporting this bill."

Mike Stuart, president of the Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association in
Maitland, also applauded the news.

"It is a major positive step forward in trying to get some recognition for the
Florida specialty crop industry," he said.

Stuart said specialty crops - fruits, vegetables, nuts and nursery plants -
account for 50 percent of the total value of U.S. crops.

Sugar cane growers in Florida and other states have been receiving federal sugar
loans at a rate of 18 cents per pound since 1985. Under the proposed bill, the
rate would increase to 18.5 cents, which Dalton Yancey, the Washington
representative for the Florida Sugar Cane League called "good news."

The House Agriculture Committee began considering amendments to the bill
Wednesday. The House is scheduled to take up the bill the week of July 29.

Rep. Tim Mahoney, a Democrat from Palm Beach Gardens and the only Florida member
on the committee, described the bill as a "win for Florida."

Mahoney said the bill, "is probably the best farm bill that Florida has seen in
quite a long time."

Staff writer Susan Salisbury contributed to this story.

- larryl@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



  http://odanews.wpengine.com





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year 's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds.
In Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.



 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



  http://odanews.wpengine.com





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year 's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds.
In Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.



 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Cantwell Applauds Grants to Support Specialty Crop Farmers in WA

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) applauded the announcement of $10
million in federal grants to Washington state to support specialty crops and
farmers. The grants were awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Research Initiative and the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program. With Cantwell's backing, the 2014 Farm Bill was the first to authorize
a long-term commitment to specialty crop research.

The USDA announced that Washington State University was awarded $5.8 million
under the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, including $2.7 million to develop
tools for hop farmers to help make better informed decisions about pest
management. Another WSU project will support enhancing research and analysis for
fruit trees such as apple, pears, cherries, peaches and raspberries.

In addition, $4.2 million was awarded through the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program to 27 projects managed by the Washington State Department of Agriculture
(WSDA). Those projects include research to better protect crops such as hops,
cherries, applies, grapes, and potatoes from pests and viruses; improving soil
health for raspberry growers;  increasing sales of Washington apples to Asia,
and helping farmers get crops to grocers, restaurants, and local markets. WSDA
is partnering on the projects with other organizations such as WSU, trade
associations, and commodity commissions. A list of projects is available here.

"The state of Washington is a leader in tree fruit, vegetables, and small fruit
crops like strawberries and raspberries," Cantwell said. "These grants will help
us do the research necessary to keep growing our agriculture economy and jobs.
This research will allow Washington farmers to fight diseases and increase
sales."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

Funds available for 'specialty crops'

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


New Mexicans are invited to apply for a portion of an expected $435,000 in
federal funds to benefit specialty crops. Funds are made available through
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP).

"When people think of American agriculture, they might think of staples such as
wheat and corn and soybeans," said David Lucero, director of NMDA's Marketing
and Development Division. "The Specialty Crops Program exists to increase the
competitiveness of other crops, often referred to as specialty crops, in markets
both here at home and abroad."

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)."

To be considered for funding, projects must:

Solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops grown in New Mexico

Benefit more than one individual, entity, or product

Be completed within three years (most projects last only one year)

Lucero said that major considerations also include whether the project makes
good business sense and whether it will succeed beyond the life of the grant.

Funding per project typically ranges from $10,000 to $50,000, but there is no
cap. Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2013.

Interested parties must apply through New Mexico Department of Agriculture
(NMDA), which serves as the fiscal agent for the federal program.

Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24, 2013. Applicants
will be notified on or before June 14, 2013, of whether or not their respective
project will move forward in the process.

NMDA is hosting two workshops to help potential applicants understand the
Specialty Crops Program and the process for completing an application that best
represents their proposed project:

April 16, 2013, at 10 a.m. at NMDA, 3190 South Espina Street, Las Cruces

April 25, 2013, at 9 a.m. at the Santa Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo
de Peralta, Santa Fe

For more information on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in New Mexico,
visit www.nmda.nmsu.edu, or call 575-646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 18, 2010

Sen. Carper visits tree farm grant recipient

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 358  words


Sen. Tom Carper visited the Landis Christmas Tree Farrr. near Harbeson Nov. 8.
The Lan dis farm is one of eight Delaware projects that received a total of
$251,741 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program established in the 2008 Farm Bill. These grants are given each year to
assist Delaware growers with market expansion as well as the development of new
products.

Specialty Crop Block Grant funds are awarded every year through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Agricultural Marketing Service for projects designed
to enhance the competitiveness of Delaware's specialty crops. Specialty crops
are defined as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and
nursery crops including floriculture.

This is the second grant received by the Delaware Christmas Tree Growers
Association, of which Jim Landis is the president. There are 29 farms all over
the state that are included in the association.

Last year, the members developed an instructional program for young children, in
which several of the growers go into Delaware schools to teach the children
about the benefits of growing real Christmas trees, and they are developing
marketing materials to share with adults through community programs.

This year's grant is to study Rhabdocline disease-resistant Douglas fir trees.
Douglas fir trees are highly susceptible to Rhabdocline needlecast disease, and
this project will evaluate the resistance of two northern Rocky Mountain Douglas
fir trees compared with the variety usually grown in Delaware.

In 1987, Lorna and Jim Landis purchased 21 acres near Harbeson. In 1991 they
retired to the rural property and planted their first Christmas tree. Today they
have just over 15 acres of Christmas trees, which totals about 13,000 trees.
Their busy season is about to begin. They open for business the Saturday after
Thanksgiving and generally have several hundred people tag trees on that first
day. They grow Douglas fir, Canaan fir, white pine, Leyland cypress, white
spruce, Norway spruce and white fir trees.

For more information contact landistreefarm.com, 947-2404 or
delawarechristmastreegrowersassn.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Cape Gazette


                              108 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

California: California: CDFA Now Accepting Proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop
Block Grants

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is now accepting
proposals for the 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). Each year,
CDFA conducts a two-phase competitive solicitation process to award funds to
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.
Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Review the 2017
Request for Concept Proposals for detailed application instructions.





 Phase I of the process begins with the submission of concept proposals, which
undergo both an administrative review and a technical review. Successful
applicants will be invited to submit a detailed grant proposal in Phase II of
the process.



 Grant awards will range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project and projects may
last for up to two years and six months. Non-profit and for-profit
organizations; local, state, federal, and tribal government entities; and public
and private colleges and universities are eligible to apply. All applicants must
register online with the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool
(FAAST), https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov, to apply. Concept proposals must be
submitted electronically using FAAST by Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 5 pm PST.




 CDFA will present four workshops and two webinars, all featuring an overview of
the program, a review of the concept proposal questions, a live demonstration of
the online application system, helpful grant writing tips, and more. Visit
CDFA's SCBGP website, www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants, for full details.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

California: California: CDFA Now Accepting Proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop
Block Grants

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is now accepting
proposals for the 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). Each year,
CDFA conducts a two-phase competitive solicitation process to award funds to
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.
Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Review the 2017
Request for Concept Proposals for detailed application instructions.





 Phase I of the process begins with the submission of concept proposals, which
undergo both an administrative review and a technical review. Successful
applicants will be invited to submit a detailed grant proposal in Phase II of
the process.



 Grant awards will range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project and projects may
last for up to two years and six months. Non-profit and for-profit
organizations; local, state, federal, and tribal government entities; and public
and private colleges and universities are eligible to apply. All applicants must
register online with the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool
(FAAST), https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov, to apply. Concept proposals must be
submitted electronically using FAAST by Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 5 pm PST.




 CDFA will present four workshops and two webinars, all featuring an overview of
the program, a review of the concept proposal questions, a live demonstration of
the online application system, helpful grant writing tips, and more. Visit
CDFA's SCBGP website, www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants, for full details.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

California: California: CDFA Now Accepting Proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop
Block Grants

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is now accepting
proposals for the 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). Each year,
CDFA conducts a two-phase competitive solicitation process to award funds to
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.
Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Review the 2017
Request for Concept Proposals for detailed application instructions.





 Phase I of the process begins with the submission of concept proposals, which
undergo both an administrative review and a technical review. Successful
applicants will be invited to submit a detailed grant proposal in Phase II of
the process.



 Grant awards will range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project and projects may
last for up to two years and six months. Non-profit and for-profit
organizations; local, state, federal, and tribal government entities; and public
and private colleges and universities are eligible to apply. All applicants must
register online with the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool
(FAAST), https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov, to apply. Concept proposals must be
submitted electronically using FAAST by Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 5 pm PST.




 CDFA will present four workshops and two webinars, all featuring an overview of
the program, a review of the concept proposal questions, a live demonstration of
the online application system, helpful grant writing tips, and more. Visit
CDFA's SCBGP website, www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants, for full details.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

California: California: CDFA Now Accepting Proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop
Block Grants

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is now accepting
proposals for the 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). Each year,
CDFA conducts a two-phase competitive solicitation process to award funds to
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.
Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Review the 2017
Request for Concept Proposals for detailed application instructions.





 Phase I of the process begins with the submission of concept proposals, which
undergo both an administrative review and a technical review. Successful
applicants will be invited to submit a detailed grant proposal in Phase II of
the process.



 Grant awards will range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project and projects may
last for up to two years and six months. Non-profit and for-profit
organizations; local, state, federal, and tribal government entities; and public
and private colleges and universities are eligible to apply. All applicants must
register online with the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool
(FAAST), https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov, to apply. Concept proposals must be
submitted electronically using FAAST by Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 5 pm PST.




 CDFA will present four workshops and two webinars, all featuring an overview of
the program, a review of the concept proposal questions, a live demonstration of
the online application system, helpful grant writing tips, and more. Visit
CDFA's SCBGP website, www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants, for full details.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

California: California: CDFA Now Accepting Proposals for 2017 Specialty Crop
Block Grants

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) is now accepting
proposals for the 2017 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). Each year,
CDFA conducts a two-phase competitive solicitation process to award funds to
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.
Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Review the 2017
Request for Concept Proposals for detailed application instructions.





 Phase I of the process begins with the submission of concept proposals, which
undergo both an administrative review and a technical review. Successful
applicants will be invited to submit a detailed grant proposal in Phase II of
the process.



 Grant awards will range from $50,000 to $450,000 per project and projects may
last for up to two years and six months. Non-profit and for-profit
organizations; local, state, federal, and tribal government entities; and public
and private colleges and universities are eligible to apply. All applicants must
register online with the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool
(FAAST), https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov, to apply. Concept proposals must be
submitted electronically using FAAST by Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at 5 pm PST.




 CDFA will present four workshops and two webinars, all featuring an overview of
the program, a review of the concept proposal questions, a live demonstration of
the online application system, helpful grant writing tips, and more. Visit
CDFA's SCBGP website, www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants, for full details.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Porterville Recorder (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 10, 2011 Monday

BRIEF: State ag gets special crop grant funds

BYLINE: The Recorder, The Porterville Recorder, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 125 words


Oct. 10--Research, outreach and other projects designed to benefit California's
farmers have been given the green light as part of the specialty crop block
grant program announced by the

United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). A total of $55 million was
awarded nationwide, with California receiving more than $18.6 million.

The federal block grant program provides grants to states to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops. Specialty crops are defined as "fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including
floriculture)."

___ (c)2011 The Porterville Recorder (Porterville, Calif.) Visit The Porterville
Recorder (Porterville, Calif.) at www.recorderonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111010-PI-BRF-State-ag-gets-special-crop-grant-funds-1010-20111010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                            Copyright 2011 Recorder


                              114 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

$435,000 available for agriculture projects

BYLINE: By Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 178 words


LAS CRUCES   New Mexicans are invited to apply for a portion of an expected
$435,000 in federal funds to benefit specialty crops. Funds are made available
through USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)."

Interested parties must apply through New Mexico Department of Agriculture.
Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24. Applicants will be
notified on or before June 14, of whether or not their respective project will
move forward in the process.

NMDA is hosting two workshops to help potential applicants understand the
Specialty Crops Program and the process for completing an application that best
represents their proposed project:

April 16 at 10 a.m. at NMDA, 3190 S. Espina St., in Las Cruces

April 25 at 9 a.m. at the Santa Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo de
Peralta in Santa Fe

For more information on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in New Mexico,
visitnmda.nmsu.edu or call 575-646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Oregon: Oregon receives $1.7 million in specialty crop funds

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:



 The Oregon Department of Agriculture and US Department of Agriculture have
announced this year's recipients of Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds. In
Oregon, nearly $1.7 million will fund 15 projects to help boost the
competitiveness of the state's fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops, and
other specialty crops.





 "These funds go a long way in helping Oregon agriculture," says ODA Acting
Director Lisa Hanson. "We are a specialty crop state and every dollar that goes
towards the great projects we have lined up for this year helps our specialty
crop producers gain some advantages in the marketplace. Oregon's track record of
successful and meaningful projects under this federal program is something to be
proud of."



 Oregon ranks seventh in the nation in production of specialty crops.



 Over the past nine years, Oregon has received close to $13 million in funding
from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which has paved the way for 200
projects throughout the state and supporting the following priorities:



     Local/regional/domestic/international market development, access, and
certification

     Food safety compliance and traceability

     Efficiency of distribution systems

     Prevention and management of pests and diseases

     Training and equipping the next generation

     On-farm labor needs

     Productivity enhancements and innovation

     Addressing rural economic development needs in Oregon



 The 2016 funded projects involve a diversity of crops and span a wide
geographic area of Oregon agricultural production.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                          The Woodward News (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Kevin Weiss Staff Writer, The Woodward News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


March 13--The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture Food & Forestry (ODAFF) has
announced funding opportunities for those in the specialty crop industry through
the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program.

"The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a great opportunity to fund research,
education and outreach projects that benefit Oklahoma's specialty crop farmers,"
said Jason Harvey, an agriculture marketing coordinator for ODAFF. "These funds
also improve the quality and availability of locally produced fruits and
vegetables to consumers."

Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state and federal
government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges and universities.

"It has to have an educational component and it can't just benefit a single
organization or single institution or individual," said ODAFF Market Development
Director Jamey Allen. "It could be an individual farmer that gets funding, but
you'd have to have that component of 'okay I'm working with the extension office
in my county and we're going to hold a workshop following this trial,' and then
open that up to regional farmers or even statewide."

Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, as well as
nursery, floriculture and horticulture crops.

The focus of grant proposals are essentially endless and can range anywhere from
research to marketing to nutrition to food safety and more.

"A university could conduct research on feasibility of cultivating a specialty
crop or a single grower could request funds to demonstrate the viability of
organic small fruit production," said Allen. "A single company might request
funds to provide an alternative pollination strategy for specialty crops or
there might be an organization that would conduct an advertising campaign that
might benefit other specialty crop members."

In the past, the USDA would provide Oklahoma around $300,000 for the program.
However, last year the state was allocated over $600,000, Allen said.

She credited the Agricultural Act of 2014 as one reason the state was given over
double the funds.

"The USDA provides these grants to state departments of Ag just to entice the
competitiveness of specialty crops," she said. "Some states don't take advantage
of that specialty crop money and Oklahoma's been really good about trying to use
every bit of the monies that's allocated to us; I also think our state received
an increase in the amount because the of new Farm Bill that went into effect."

While the USDA hasn't released the amount that will be allocated to Oklahoma for
2015, Allen expects the ODAFF to receive an amount similar to 2014's figure.

"No one will exactly say to us, 'you're going to get $630,000 this year,' but we
anticipate we will get that much money," she said.

Allen added that $120,000 is the most that can be allocated for a single
project.

"Usually, the amounts would range from $30,000 to $120,000 for each grant
recipient," she said. "Every year, we have about 12 to 15 projects and that's
how much the $600,000 or so will usually fund."

Grant proposals must be received by the ODAFF no later than 5 p.m. on April 21.

Specialty Crop Grant Program applications can be found at
http://www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/scg.htm.

For additional information, you can call Jason Harvey at (405)-522-5563 or email
him at jason.harvey@ag.ok.gov

___ (c)2015 The Woodward News (Woodward, Okla.) Visit The Woodward News
(Woodward, Okla.) at woodwardnews.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150313-ZR-Specialty-crop-grants-available-0313-20150313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZR


                        Copyright 2015 The Woodward News


                              122 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Grants available for education, marketing, and research of specialty crops

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Delaware Gov has issued the following news release:



  Nearly $300,000 in federal grant funding is now available for projects to help
increase the competitiveness of Delaware-grown specialty crops. The Delaware
Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program through May 15, 2017.





 The program, funded through the federal Farm Bill, covers products known as
specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Projects may run for one
to three years. Grants are available between $5,000 and $50,000.



 Applications should be submitted by agricultural producers, nonprofit
organizations, government entities, for-profit companies or educational
institutions based in Delaware or with a business or educational affiliation
here. Funding cannot be used for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or
animal agriculture.



 An informational grant workshop will be held 5 p.m. April 12 at the Delaware
Department of Agriculture, 2320 South DuPont Highway, Dover.



 Past Delaware projects have included research on heat-tolerant lima bean
varieties, efforts to expand a community-supported agriculture program, research
on edible truffle mushrooms, and marketing to promote locally grown specialty
crops.



 Applications are available at de.gov/scbg, or from DDA marketing specialist
JoAnn Walston at 302-698-4592 or joann.walston@state.de.us Due to a change in
the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant cycle, applications are due a month earlier
this year. Applications must be received by 4:30 p.m. on May 15.









LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.

 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)

 Grant recipients include:


  South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

  Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

  Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

  South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

  South Dakota State University in Brookings

  South Dakota Wine Growers Association


 Projects will have up to three years to complete their work, while being
required to submit quarterly reports and reimbursement requests. For more
information about the grants or this year's recipients, go to
http://sdda.sd.gov/grants/specialty-crop-block-grant/.

 Agriculture is a major contributor to South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6
billion in annual economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans.
The South Dakota Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and
preserve this industry for today and tomorrow. Visit us online at
http://sdda.sd.gov or find us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.

 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)

 Grant recipients include:


  South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

  Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

  Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

  South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

  South Dakota State University in Brookings

  South Dakota Wine Growers Association


 Projects will have up to three years to complete their work, while being
required to submit quarterly reports and reimbursement requests. For more
information about the grants or this year's recipients, go to
http://sdda.sd.gov/grants/specialty-crop-block-grant/.

 Agriculture is a major contributor to South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6
billion in annual economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans.
The South Dakota Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and
preserve this industry for today and tomorrow. Visit us online at
http://sdda.sd.gov or find us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces over $90 Million Available to Support Local Food
Systems, Specialty Crop Producers

LENGTH: 768  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of
more than $90 million in competitive grants to help strengthen local and
regional food systems, develop new market opportunities for producers, and
support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, flowers and nursery crops
(known collectively as specialty crops). These grants programs are administered
by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and include the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program, and
the Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.





 "Over the past seven years, USDA has strengthened local and regional food
systems by investing in projects that recruit and train farmers, expand economic
opportunities for small businesses and increase access to healthy foods," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These grant programs make a real difference
to farmers, ranchers, and businesses in communities across the country,
revitalizing rural economies while also increasing access to fresh, healthy
food."



 More than $62 million is allocated in grants to U.S. states and territories
through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program for projects supporting specialty
crop growers through research and programs to increase demand. Interested
applicants should apply directly through their state departments of agriculture,
which administer a competitive grant process. A listing of the SCBGP's state
contacts, and how to apply with state application due dates, can be found at
www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/scbgp. State departments of agriculture must
submit their applications to AMS by July 6, 2016.



 The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total
of more than $26 million in competitive grants, divided equally between the
Farmers Market Promotion Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP). FMPP grants support direct producer-to-consumer marketing projects such
as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs, roadside stands,
and agritourism. LFPP funding goes to projects that develop, improve, and expand
local and regional food business intermediary supply chain activities, including
processing, distribution, aggregation, and storage of locally- or
regionally-produced food products.



 The Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) provides nearly $1
million in matching funds to state departments of agriculture, state colleges
and universities, and other appropriate state agencies for research projects
that address challenges and opportunities in marketing, transporting, and
distributing U.S. agricultural products domestically and internationally.



 USDA data show that specialty crop sales exceed $83 billion per year. Since
2009, the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has supported these growers by
investing nearly $393 million into more than 5,400 projects. USDA's investments
in farmers markets and other direct-to-consumer local food marketing activities
through FMPP have provided $60 million in assistance for over 900 projects
nationwide since 2009. LFPP has funded over 350 projects totaling nearly $25
million since it launched in 2014.



 Grant applications must be submitted electronically through www.Grants.gov.



 Applicants should start the Grants.gov registration process as soon as possible
to ensure that they meet the deadline. Applications for FSMIP, FMPP and LFPP are
due by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on May 12, 2016.



 Grant writing workshops will be held through the Agricultural Marketing Service
Technical Assistance (AMSTA) Project. Please visit www.amsta.netThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website. to see if training is scheduled in your area.



 For more information about these grant programs, including program background,
visit the AMS grants website: www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants. The website also
contains a link " What AMS Grant is Right for Me?" under which applicants can
use a grants decision tree to determine which AMS grant fits their project best.




 These programs are key elements of USDA's Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer
initiative, which coordinates the Department's support for local and regional
food systems. The Secretary has identified local and regional food systems as
one of the four pillars of rural economic development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards specialty-crop block grants

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services awarded 11 federally
funded specialty-crop block grants for 2016, covering agricultural research and
marketing projects.


 "More than $1 million was awarded this year, and all of these projects will
help further the state's $84 billion agriculture industry," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "Selected projects ranged from breeding programs and
soil improvements to food safety initiatives and marketing."
 North Carolina's specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees, turfgrass and sod, and nursery and
greenhouse crops. Grant proposals were submitted by nonprofit organizations,
commodity groups, government agencies and universities.
 The department awarded grants to the following recipients and projects:


  The Altapass Foundation - Orchard at Altapass Heirloom Apple Trees;

  Carolina Farm Stewardship Association - Local Produce Safety Initiative;

  N.C. Christmas Tree Association - Targeting Millennials with Fraser Fir
Promotions;

  N.C. Sod Producers Association - Turfgrass Sod Promotional Campaign;

  N.C. SweetPotato Commission - Increasing Hispanic Consumption of Sweet
Potatoes;

  N.C. State University (multiple grants) - Breeding Hops Varieties for North
Carolina, Control of Bitter Rot in Apples, Producing Hemlocks for
Landscape/Forest Restoration, Improvement in Water Quality Increases Profits,
Improving Christmas Trees through Genetic Analysis, and Biochar: The RX for
Sandy Soil?.

 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is administered by the department and
funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards specialty-crop block grants

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services awarded 11 federally
funded specialty-crop block grants for 2016, covering agricultural research and
marketing projects.


 "More than $1 million was awarded this year, and all of these projects will
help further the state's $84 billion agriculture industry," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "Selected projects ranged from breeding programs and
soil improvements to food safety initiatives and marketing."
 North Carolina's specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees, turfgrass and sod, and nursery and
greenhouse crops. Grant proposals were submitted by nonprofit organizations,
commodity groups, government agencies and universities.
 The department awarded grants to the following recipients and projects:


  The Altapass Foundation - Orchard at Altapass Heirloom Apple Trees;

  Carolina Farm Stewardship Association - Local Produce Safety Initiative;

  N.C. Christmas Tree Association - Targeting Millennials with Fraser Fir
Promotions;

  N.C. Sod Producers Association - Turfgrass Sod Promotional Campaign;

  N.C. SweetPotato Commission - Increasing Hispanic Consumption of Sweet
Potatoes;

  N.C. State University (multiple grants) - Breeding Hops Varieties for North
Carolina, Control of Bitter Rot in Apples, Producing Hemlocks for
Landscape/Forest Restoration, Improvement in Water Quality Increases Profits,
Improving Christmas Trees through Genetic Analysis, and Biochar: The RX for
Sandy Soil?.

 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is administered by the department and
funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards specialty-crop block grants

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services awarded 11 federally
funded specialty-crop block grants for 2016, covering agricultural research and
marketing projects.


 "More than $1 million was awarded this year, and all of these projects will
help further the state's $84 billion agriculture industry," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "Selected projects ranged from breeding programs and
soil improvements to food safety initiatives and marketing."
 North Carolina's specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees, turfgrass and sod, and nursery and
greenhouse crops. Grant proposals were submitted by nonprofit organizations,
commodity groups, government agencies and universities.
 The department awarded grants to the following recipients and projects:


  The Altapass Foundation - Orchard at Altapass Heirloom Apple Trees;

  Carolina Farm Stewardship Association - Local Produce Safety Initiative;

  N.C. Christmas Tree Association - Targeting Millennials with Fraser Fir
Promotions;

  N.C. Sod Producers Association - Turfgrass Sod Promotional Campaign;

  N.C. SweetPotato Commission - Increasing Hispanic Consumption of Sweet
Potatoes;

  N.C. State University (multiple grants) - Breeding Hops Varieties for North
Carolina, Control of Bitter Rot in Apples, Producing Hemlocks for
Landscape/Forest Restoration, Improvement in Water Quality Increases Profits,
Improving Christmas Trees through Genetic Analysis, and Biochar: The RX for
Sandy Soil?.

 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is administered by the department and
funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards specialty-crop block grants

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services, North Carolina has
isasued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services awarded 11 federally
funded specialty-crop block grants for 2016, covering agricultural research and
marketing projects.


 "More than $1 million was awarded this year, and all of these projects will
help further the state's $84 billion agriculture industry," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "Selected projects ranged from breeding programs and
soil improvements to food safety initiatives and marketing."
 North Carolina's specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, Christmas trees, turfgrass and sod, and nursery and
greenhouse crops. Grant proposals were submitted by nonprofit organizations,
commodity groups, government agencies and universities.
 The department awarded grants to the following recipients and projects:


  The Altapass Foundation - Orchard at Altapass Heirloom Apple Trees;

  Carolina Farm Stewardship Association - Local Produce Safety Initiative;

  N.C. Christmas Tree Association - Targeting Millennials with Fraser Fir
Promotions;

  N.C. Sod Producers Association - Turfgrass Sod Promotional Campaign;

  N.C. SweetPotato Commission - Increasing Hispanic Consumption of Sweet
Potatoes;

  N.C. State University (multiple grants) - Breeding Hops Varieties for North
Carolina, Control of Bitter Rot in Apples, Producing Hemlocks for
Landscape/Forest Restoration, Improvement in Water Quality Increases Profits,
Improving Christmas Trees through Genetic Analysis, and Biochar: The RX for
Sandy Soil?.

 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is administered by the department and
funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Cantwell Hails Senate Passage of Farm Bill that Supports Central Washington Jobs

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) hailed the Senate's passage of the
Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 (S. 954). Cantwell supported the
legislation, which was approved by a vote of 66-27. The bill now moves to the
House for consideration.

Cantwell has been a leading Senate voice calling for passage of a farm bill to
support agriculture jobs in Washington state and around the nation. In 2012, she
and Senator Mike Johanns (R-NE) led a bipartisan letter with 44 senators urging
action on a farm bill.

Cantwell recently called for passage of the Farm Bill during a statewide tour
that included stops in Pasco and Wapato. She visited the U.S. Department of
Agriculture lab in Wapato where researchers use Farm Bill grants to support
agricultural research and met with growers at Allied Potato Northwest's
processing facility in Pasco who use the bill's export-promotion programs.

"Today the Senate passed legislation that will support growers and farmers in
Central Washington," said Cantwell. "It's finally time that specialty crops
grown in Central Washington get the recognition they deserve. For the first
time, this Farm Bill makes a long-term commitment to specialty crop research and
reauthorizes important export programs that help farmers and growers produce and
sell more crops. I urge my colleagues in the House to move quickly on this jobs
bill so we can send it to the President's desk."

The Senate Farm Bill for the first times makes a real long term commitment to
specialty crop research by doubling investment in the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative to $50 million by 2017 and increases investment in the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program by 30 percent from the current $50 million to $70 million.
In Central Washington, scientists have used Farm Bill grants to research methods
to better monitor and prevent Zebra Chip disease, which discolors potatoes and
reduces their value. The Senate Farm Bill also continues support for the Market
Access Program (MAP) and the Foreign Market Development program, which help
increase agricultural exports. MAP has helped Pasco's Allied Potato Northwest
increase its potato shipments to Vietnam, which opened to U.S. fresh potato
exports in 2010.

"We applaud the U.S. Senate for its approval of a new Farm Bill," said Christian
Schlect, President of the Northwest Horticultural Council. "This legislation
will help ensure that our state's apples, pears, and cherries growers--as well
as our nation's general economy--will  continue to benefit from important
federal agricultural research, export marketing programs, and general
nutritional assistance. Senator Cantwell's active support of this long-awaited
measure is much appreciated."

The 2013 Farm Bill includes Cantwell's Pulse School Pilot provision, which would
provide the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) $10 million through 2017 to
purchase pulse crops to use in school breakfasts and lunches. Flours made from
pulse crops could be added to breads, tortillas and pastas to enhance their
nutritional value. Pulse crops are an excellent, cost-effective source of fiber,
potassium, protein and other essential vitamins and nutrients.

Key provisions in the Senate Farm Bill for Central Washington include:

Specialty Crop Research: The bill would for the first time make a long term
investment in the Specialty Crop Research Initiative and the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program. WSU has received Specialty Crop Block Grant investments to
develop new planting and harvesting methods for tree fruit to help increase crop
yields and protect workers. The Economic Research Service estimates that for
every $1 invested in publicly funded research, $10 of economic activity is
generated.

Market Access Program: The Senate Farm Bill would invest $200 million a year in
MAP, which the Washington Apple Commission has used to reach consumers and
businesses in India. These efforts increased the number of Washington apples
being sold there from a few thousand cartons to a record 3.3 million cartons
worth over $61 million last season.

Washington's wine industry has also used MAP to boost overseas sales. The
Washington State Wine Commission secured MAP investments that helped the
commission bring around 65 international wine buyers to Washington state for
tours, seminars and tasting. More than 15 countries are usually represented on
this tour according to the Washington State Wine Commission. Participating
wineries have developed export opportunities in Scandinavia, Canada and China.

Clean Plant Network: The Senate Farm Bill would also invest in the Clean Plant
Network at $60 million per year. The network provides pathogen-tested plant
material for specialty crop growers to better protect their produce from disease
and blight. WSU's Prosser Research and Extension Center is the main Northwest
center for the network. The Prosser site provides clean plant material to
thousands of grape and hop farmers in Washington state to help increase crop
yields.

Potatoes are Washington state's third largest agricultural crop. The potato
industry in Washington state provides an economic impact of $4.6 billion and
supports 23,500 jobs throughout the state. Franklin County has about 33,000
acres of potatoes, while Benton County has about 27,000 acres of potatoes. The
Columbia Basin - including Grant, Franklin, Benton and Adams counties - produces
$2.4 billion worth of agricultural products from more than 4,000 farms.

Yakima County is one of Washington state's largest and most diverse agriculture
economies. The county holds more than 1.6 million acres of farmland with a
market value of $1.2 billion. Yakima County is a leading producer of pears,
sweet cherries and apples in the state.

For further information please visit: http://www.cantwell.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           October 29, 2005, Saturday

Specialty crops to get $ 7 million

BYLINE: By Dania Akkad

LENGTH: 527 words



A potential weakening of organic label standards and $ 7 million appropriated
for grants involving specialty crops like those grown in Monterey County were
two outcomes of the 2006 Agricultural Funding Bill, passed Friday by the U.S.
House of Representatives.

Expected to pass through the Senate early next week, one of the bill's
provisions most relevant to the local produce industry was $ 7 million in block
grants, part of the Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act passed last year,
designed to boost research and promotional efforts for the industry.

Unlike commodity crops like corn, wheat and rice, specialty crops are those that
don't receive federal subsidies, including lettuce, broccoli and strawberries --
all main staples of the local industry.

The $ 7 million in block grants, of which California will likely see about $ 1
million, is only a slim portion of the $ 44.5 million that had been authorized
in the act last year.

"While we weren't able to meet the full authorization level we wrote into law
last year," said Rep. Sam Farr, D-Carmel, who sits on the House Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee, "these initial funds will help us continue to fight
for future funds, as well as raise the profile of specialty crops in the next
farm bill debate."

Farr was also critical of language that was slipped into the bill regarding
organic label standards after congressional negotiators adjourned for the
evening earlier this week.

The changes would allow synthetic food additives and processing aides to be used
in organic foods without public review, young dairy cows to be treated with
antibiotics and fed genetically engineered feed prior to being converted to
organic production and loopholes under which nonorganic ingredients could be
substituted for organic ingredients without public notification, according to a
statement from his office.

"The weakened standards inserted into today's final bill will undermine consumer
confidence in the integrity of the organic label," Farr said. "At the very
least, the process should have given all stockholders a fair chance to review
the proposed changes and their likely consequences."

Bob Scowcroft, executive director of Organic Farming Research Foundation in
Santa Cruz, said he was unhappy about the last-minute deal, particularly because
organic farmers and others didn't have a chance to share their input.

"From a farmer's perspective, it's probably never good to have a headline that
says 'More synthetic allowed in organics,'" he said.

"From the overall trade association and the community's perspective, a lot of
dialogue will have to occur over the next year... to see what went wrong and how
the avenues of dialogue can be re-established."


-----

To see more of the Monterey County Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.montereyherald.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The Monterey County Herald, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MN-SPECIALTY-CROP-20051029

JOURNAL-CODE: MN

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
               Copyright 2005 Monterey County Herald (California)


                              132 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Grants for 12 specialty crop producers announced

BYLINE: Jason W. Brooks, Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


Oct. 20--Twelve Iowa projects have received annual USDA grants to help enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops grown in Jasper County and throughout
Iowa.

Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey announced Oct. 14 that nearly
$300,000 has been awarded through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program from
the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service. The grants will go to 12 entities that
produce or educate in the field of specialty crops.

"Specialty crops are a very important part of Iowa agriculture as they allow
farmers to diversify and give customers access to locally grown products,"
Northey said. "These federal funds will support food safety, research and
marketing efforts that will encourage Iowans to choose fruits, vegetables, nuts
and flowers that are produced right here in our state."

Specialty crops that are eligible under this program are fruits and vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops, including
floriculture.

The total block grant is not the same for each state every year. In 2013, for
example, the USDA only made about $270,000 available for Iowa specialty crop
grants.

Iowa agricultural nonprofit organizations, cooperatives, specialty crop industry
associations or organizations and producer groups were eligible to apply for
funding. Public comment was invited from specialty crop stakeholders; a review
committee helped review, evaluate and make recommendations on which grant
proposals should receive funding.

The maximum grant award to sub-grantees within Iowa is $24,000. Administrative
and indirect costs were not allowed.

The grant proposal requirements, as with most government grants, require a long,
detailed plan for how the grant money will be spent. A budget must be detailed,
with certain deviations only allowed with permission from a state department of
agriculture.

Task assignments must be made for individuals with specific job titles or roles.
Timelines should not start before Oct. 1.

The 12 grant recipients for 2016 are:

-- Prairie Moonwort Hops Farm, LLC: $9,100 to determine the viability of hops
plants, within the small-plot (less than 10-acres) field common in the Loess
Hills region of western Iowa and to prove the marketability of locally grown
hops to the emerging craft-beer industry.

-- Iowa Department of Public Health (WIC): $24,000 to increase the sales of
fruit and vegetables at Iowa farmers markets and the consumption of various
specialty crops resulting from an advertising campaign promoting the usage of
the farmers market checks distributed to WIC participants.

-- Iowa Lakes Community College: $20,000 to educate community youth, adults with
disabilities, college students and community patrons on specialty crop
gardening, the nutritional benefits of locally-grown food, the physical benefits
of gardening and the economic resourcefulness of local produce programs.

-- Practical Farmers of Iowa: $24,000 to enhance collaborative on-farm research
and farmer to farmer knowledge sharing for successful specialty crops in Iowa.

-- Iowa Food Hub (doing business as Allamakee New Beginnings): $10,500 to
enhance the Good Agricultural Practices/Good Handling Practices cost share
program for Iowa fruit and vegetable producers.

-- Iowa Honey Producers Association: $8,581 to establish an online searchable
bee law website for general public use.

-- Lutheran Services of Iowa: $24,000 to help refugees in Iowa improve their
production of specialty crops and increase the availability of their produce to
the public and to begin to transition their specialty crop businesses to
independent operations.

-- Iowa City Parks and Rec: $23,990 to create and teach within edible classrooms
in order to promote specialty crops in Iowa City for community involvement at
the Robert A. Lee Recreation Center.

-- New Hope Community, Inc.: $22,643 to establish and create the Mahaska County
Season Extension Demonstration Project for specialty crop production.

-- Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship's Farm-to-School Program:
$14,900 to teach students through hands-on lessons about all aspects of
gardening and healthy environmental alternatives to composting in a specialty
crop environment.

-- Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship: $46,693 to conduct the
Iowa commercial horticulture food crops survey and economic impact study.

-- The Iowa Wine Trail: $24,000 to increase awareness of specialty grape crops
in Iowa through a marketing campaign.

___ (c)2015 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151020-1NI-Grants-for-12-specialty-crop
-producers-announced-1020-20151020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2015 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                              133 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Maine receives $600,000 to help develop and improve local food economy

LENGTH: 994  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Chellie Pingree, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree announced today that Maine will be getting over
$600,000 in federal Specialty Crop Block Grants to fund a number of effortsthat
will strengthen and grow the local food economy. Pingree authored a provision of
the recently passed Farm Bill that provides substantially increased funding for
this program.

The grants cover a range of projects, from research into pest management for
potatoes to a study of the effects of pesticides on honeybees to a joint project
with the University of Maine to develop a hop industry in Maine.

"Maine has a great variety of small farmers and producers who are already
contributing to our economy," Pingree said. "These types of investments were are
announcing today will help them grow their operations and get involved in new
crops, strengthening the local farm economy."

Pingree was the driving force behind a number of local food provisions in the
Farm Bill signed by President Obama earlier this year, include a substantial
increase in funding for the Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

The $602,678 grant will go to the Maine Department of Agriculture, which will
distribute it to 11 projects around the state:

Supporting Maine Specialty Crop Producers with Food Safety Audit Preparation
$27,256.
Partner with AgMatters LLC to educate specialtycrop growers about changes to
produce safety rules as a result of the Food Safety Modernization Act and help
them to successfully complete their specific Food Safety audit by providing
technical assistance and food safety training for specialty crop producers.

Increasing the Nutrition Knowledge and Consumption of Specialty Crops by Maine
Children and Adults $29,000.
Partner with the Maine Agriculture in the Classroom Council to increase
consumption of specialty crops in the school cafeterias and purchases from local
farmers' markets, farm stands and grocery stores by providing ready to use
classroom lessons for teachers, hands-on experiential learning in the garden,
and direct links to Maine's specialty crop producers.

Enhancing Consumer and Producer Awareness of Maine Maple Syrup $32,110.
Partner with the Maine Maple Producers Association to develop a downloadable
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) plan for maple producers;
develop high quality promotional materials and customized displays for maple
education and promotion through: improving the Maine Maple Producers website,
integrating downloadable HACCP plan and conducting food safety workshops for
Maine maple producers.

Improving Maine Potato Yields through Increased Rotation Lengths and Improved
Rotation Crop Profitability $125,000.
Partner with the Maine Potato Board to enable potato growers to expand current
rotation lengths while directly and indirectly improving potato yields by
identifying potential crops that could be grown in conjunction with potatoes
that would allow producers improved economic returns.

Maine Potato Integrated Pest Management $125,000.
Partner with the Maine Potato Board, in collaboration with the University of
Maine, to ensure an adequate response to the pest-related hazards confronting
potato growers by providing support for growers through field monitoring,
disease forecasting, and distribution of educational materials associated with
integrated pest management (IPM).

Enhancing the Competitiveness of New England Specialty Crops through Regional
Collaboration $6,000.
Partner with the Connecticut Department of Agriculture and Harvest New England
Association, Inc. to break down the barriers to regional specialty crop
purchases by educating producers at theHarvest New England Agricultural
Marketing Conference and Trade Show, educating consumers at Harvest New England
Days, and connecting wholesale buyers withwholesale specialty crop producers
through five matchmaking meetings.

Honeybee Exposure To Pesticides In Maine - The Question About Neonicotinoids
$27,154.
Partner with the University of Maine to increase the amount of information on
the effects of neonicotinoid insecticides and other pesticides on honeybees by
developing a database of honeybee exposure, based upon pollen trapping, for six
landscapes throughout Maine.

Increasing The Food Safety Margin Of Wild Blueberries Through Improved
Intervention Measures $56,875.
Partner with the Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine, in collaboration with the
University of Maine, to reduce microbial loading on frozen processed wild
blueberries by developing effective intervention technologies using chemical
washing (chlorine, chlorine dioxide, lactic acid, and ozone).

Improving Integrated Pest Management Practices for Maine Wild Blueberry Growers
$116,268.
Partner with the Maine Wild Blueberry Commission, in collaboration with the
University of Maine, to decrease crop losses and increase revenues for wild
blueberry growers by enhancing the integrated pest management (IPM) program for
control of mummy berry and Botrytis blight through expansion of weather stations
that provide forecasts on infection risk; developing a biological model of
Monilinia vaccinii-corymbosi, the fungus which causes mummy berry disease; and
investigating additional control materials to build fungicide resistance
management into the mummy berry IPM system.

Building a Hops Industry in Maine $11,210.
Partner with the University of Maine to develop a successful hops industry by
determining the best hops varieties for Maine and educating interested growers
in sustainable hops production through workshops, fact sheets and videos posted
online.

Administration $44,469.
Ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees abide by Federal and State
requirements and regulations by performing pre-award and post-award activities
to administer Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS announces specialty-crop grant winners

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Nearly $1.2 million in grant funding will be awarded to nine statewide
organizations through the federal Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the N.C.
Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced.

The program aims to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in the
marketplace. It is managed by the department and funded by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.

"We're so pleased to be able to award this funding to nonprofits, universities
and government agencies," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The
selected programs give a snapshot of the variety of specialty crops grown in
North Carolina."

Selected programs range from developing a craft cider industry using N.C. apples
to improving black-truffle production and enhancing promotion of turfgrass sod.

Following are the grant recipients: Appalachian State University, Carolina Farm
Stewardship Association in Pittsboro, Farmer Foodshare in Chapel Hill, N.C.
Christmas Tree Association, N.C. Nursery and Landscape Association, N.C. State
University, N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, N.C. Sod
Producers Association and N.C. Vegetable Growers Association.

For more information about the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and to see a
list of funded projects, go to www.NCSpecialtyCropGrant.org.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS announces specialty-crop grant winners

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Nearly $1.2 million in grant funding will be awarded to nine statewide
organizations through the federal Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the N.C.
Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced.

The program aims to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in the
marketplace. It is managed by the department and funded by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture under the 2014 farm bill.

"We're so pleased to be able to award this funding to nonprofits, universities
and government agencies," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "The
selected programs give a snapshot of the variety of specialty crops grown in
North Carolina."

Selected programs range from developing a craft cider industry using N.C. apples
to improving black-truffle production and enhancing promotion of turfgrass sod.

Following are the grant recipients: Appalachian State University, Carolina Farm
Stewardship Association in Pittsboro, Farmer Foodshare in Chapel Hill, N.C.
Christmas Tree Association, N.C. Nursery and Landscape Association, N.C. State
University, N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, N.C. Sod
Producers Association and N.C. Vegetable Growers Association.

For more information about the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and to see a
list of funded projects, go to

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

MDARD Announces Specialty Crop Public Input Opportunity

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Home has issued the following press release:



  To ensure effective priorities within the Michigan Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, the Michigan Department of Agriculture & Rural Development today
announced a public input opportunity, which will be held through January 12,
2017.



 The MDARD Specialty Crop Block Grant Program awards funds to projects to
enhance the competitiveness of Michigan specialty crops, which include fruits
and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops
(including floriculture).





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com




LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

New York: State Agriculture Commissioner Announces $1.2 Million to Assist
Specialty Crop Farmers and Grow Their Businesses

LENGTH: 1025 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Albany: Department of Agriculture and Markets has issued the following news
release:



  State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball today announced awards totaling
$1.2 million for 10 projects to grow New York agriculture through research,
protection and promotion of the state&rsquo;s specialty crops, which rank highly
in the nation in terms of both production and economic value.  Funding is
provided through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and provides important
assistance for research and grower education projects to boost competitiveness
of New York farms and enhance long-term viability of agri-businesses.





 Commissioner Ball said, &ldquo;As a specialty crop farmer, I know how important
these crops are.  These grants will help improve access to healthy food and help
farmers solve difficult problems that will result in a safer and more efficient
food supply.  Together, we&rsquo;re tackling some of the most challenging issues
in the state&rsquo;s food supply and making remarkable progress.&rdquo;



 Specialty crops include a wide range of agricultural products, including fruits
and vegetables, herbs, flowers, shrubs and commercially-grown trees. Six grants
for research and grower education projects based at Cornell University will help
provide innovative solutions for a number of critical pest, disease and other
profitability challenges to help New York&rsquo;s farmers improve their
practices, enhance operations and remain competitive.



 In addition, the Department of Agriculture and Markets will implement four
statewide initiatives that will benefit a broad spectrum of specialty crop
commodities by providing increased sales and marketing opportunities, and
support economic development in local communities throughout the state.



 Jim Bittner of Bittner-Singer Orchards and Chair of the New York Farm Viability
Institute, said, &ldquo;The New York Farm Viability Institute is honored to
partner with the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets on the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.  Our volunteer board and farmer review
panels were excited about the quality of the proposals submitted and the smart
ideas they contained.  Food lovers across the state are fortunate to have such
passionate researchers and educators supporting New York&rsquo;s farmers.&rdquo;




 Kathryn J. Boor, the Ronald P. Lynch Dean of the College of Agriculture and
Life Sciences at Cornell University, said, &ldquo;Cornell University&rsquo;s
College of Agriculture and Life Sciences is pleased to help meet the needs of
today&rsquo;s farmers and food innovators by providing quality and timely
agricultural research and development for New York specialty crops growers.
These competitive grants are an excellent way to leverage New York&rsquo;s
commitment to the Land Grant mission at Cornell University, and will assist in
providing environmentally responsible and accurate management tools to encourage
economic growth and profitability for our state&rsquo;s farmers.&rdquo;



 Funding for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is provided through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to help states improve the competitiveness of
specialty crops.  The Department of Agriculture and Markets administered the
program in cooperation with the New York Farm Viability Institute, which
evaluated proposals in the areas of food safety, research and grower education,
and marketing.



 The following six research and grower education projects based at Cornell
University were awarded funding:



     $105,568 to increase consumer demand for fresh, local vegetables year-round
by supporting farmer entrepreneurs with the necessary business analysis tools to
successfully enter the emerging field of controlled environment agriculture.



     $51,916 to help growers reduce pesticides by 30 to 40 percent and improve
growers&rsquo; profitability by offering a series of one-day, in-depth training
courses on state-of-the-art spray application techniques.



     $112,149 to evaluate management strategies of leafroll viruses and develop
a comprehensive, integrated pest management (IPM) program to be disseminated to
the local grape community to increase the overall quality of production and
vineyard profitability.



     $111,561 to find better ways to fight the damaging Cercospora leaf spot
disease, which affects beets.  New York is the nation&rsquo;s second largest
producer of table beets for the fresh and processing markets, and demand is
likely to continue to rise with the opening later this year of Love Beets USA,
LLC&rsquo;s new beet processing and packaging plant in Rochester.  Efforts will
include research to find a more effective fungicide, as well as developing
optimum methods for rotating crops and disease and weed management strategies;



     $108,977 to reduce the impact of leaf mold in tomatoes produced in high
tunnels (covered structures where tomatoes grow horizontally on tall trellises.)




     $109, 829 to help New York apple growers adopt precision management
techniques to reduce loss and ensure that a higher percentage of Honeycrisp
apples meet the quality criteria necessary for the fresh market. Cornell
Cooperative Extension&rsquo;s Lake Ontario Fruit Program will coordinate this
project.



 The following four promotion and marketing projects were awarded funding:



     $280,000 to educate consumers about the many environmental, economic, and
health benefits of specialty crop consumption.



     $100,000 to increase the capacity of schools to procure and serve
locally-produced specialty crops and help schools in carrying out their
farm-to-school plans and initiatives.



     $90,000 to assist specialty crop industry groups in providing information,
raising awareness and promoting the state&rsquo;s specialty crops to buyers and
sales leads at the New York Produce Show in New York City.



     $58,241 to assist consumers and commercial buyers to more easily search for
and locate sources of specialty crop products by expanding the Pride of New York
database and its functionality.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

CHRISTIE ADMINISTRATION AWARDED $707,000 IN FEDERAL GRANT FUNDS TO PROMOTE
GARDEN STATE AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: New York



 Trenton: Office of the public Defender, The State of New Jersey has Issued the
following news realease:



 The Christie Administration has received a $707,065 Specialty Crop Block Grant
to fund 11 initiatives to benefit Garden State crops such as fruits, vegetables,
as well as horticulture and nursery.



 The grants are part of the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
efforts to promote specialty crops in the nation and stimulate food-and
agriculturally-based community economic development.  Specialty crops account
for $907 million in sales annually in the Garden State.

 "This federal funding will go a long way to educating and promoting the
benefits of produce and plants grown in the Garden State," said New Jersey
Secretary of Agriculture Douglas H. Fisher.  "One example provides funds for 20
new school gardens that will teach children about the benefits of eating fresh
fruits and vegetables and how we grow our food."

 Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, horticulture, nursery
crops and floriculture.  Most of New Jersey agriculture falls into the specialty
crop category.

 To be eligible for the grant, projects are required to "enhance the
competitiveness" of specialty crops and might include, but are not limited to:
research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food
security, plant health programs, education, "buy local" programs, increased
consumption, increased innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of
distribution systems, environmental concerns and conservation, product
development and developing cooperatives.

 The New Jersey Department of Agriculture will use $342,000 of the funding to
support the popular Jersey Fresh and Jersey Grown programs.  The projects
support agricultural marketing and cooperative development.

 The projects to be funded by New Jersey's grant include:

 Jersey Fresh -- Increase sales of specialty crops through print and television
advertisements.
 New Jersey Agricultural Society - Increase student understanding and interest
in specialty crops, increase family consumption of specialty crops through
hands-on learning at school gardens hosted by 20 new schools.
 Atlantic County Board of Agriculture - Provide hands-on farm experience to
student interns pursuing a career in specialty crop agriculture.
 New Jersey Blueberry Growers Association - Promote New Jersey produced
blueberries through a consumer-oriented radio campaign.
 New Jersey Farmers' Direct Marketing Association - Support specialty crop
producers' ability to direct market their products and attract customers through
the development and expansion of electronic and print media marketing.
 Garden State Wine Growers Association - Increase sales of and prominently
promote New Jersey wines through the Jersey Fresh Wine Festival and introduction
into the retail and licensed beverage spaces in the state.
 New Jersey Nursery and Landscape Association - Increase New Jersey plant sales
through the marketing efforts of the Plant Something campaign.
 New Jersey Peach Promotion Council - Promote New Jersey peaches through print
media advertisements and various promotional events.
 Trenton Farmers Market - Increase sales of all specialty crops by marketing the
farmers market through local newspapers and radio stations, creating videos to
share on YouTube, and hosting at least seven cooking demonstrations at the
market.
 Tri-County Cooperative Market Association - Expand the number of customers who
purchase and increase the volume of products sold at the markets by enhancing
the website.
 The New Jersey grant is part of $63 million in 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grants
that will fund 755 projects throughout the nation.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

West Virginia: Agricultural Researchers To Receive Quarter Million In Grant
Funding

LENGTH: 1634  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.
Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.
The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

1. "Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County. This
project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.

2. "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.

3. "KISRA Farm Expansion"
Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000, Kanawha
County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study assessing
the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty crops
(hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets in
urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia State
University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.

4. "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department of
Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.

5. "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple Vegetable
Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation, $16,000,
Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers to
investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in high
tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.

6. "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.

7. "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.

8. "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant funds
will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch lifter,
and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared basis and
with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will experience
increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for the
community.

9. "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due to
market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of asparagus,
strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban sites. The
program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what conditions
produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be evaluated on ease
of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of sale at market and
market value.

10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in the
Tygarts Valley District"
Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.

11. "VineyardHillsOrchards"
GrowOhioValley,Inc., $25,000, Ohio County.
Throughaninnovativeland-usepartnership,thisprojectwilltransformahighlyvisiblebro
wnfieldintoa fertilebrambleandfruittreeorchard and intends
tofillagapingholeinunsatisfieddemandforlocalfreshfruits in the Wheeling area.
The
projectwillalsoprovideavenueforvocationalskillsandfarmingtechniquestrainingforne
wfarmersandeconomicallyandsociallydisadvantagedpopulations. Statewide: This
project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.

12. "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.

13. "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide. Agriculture
and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for veterans
re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West Virginia
Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs of these
farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the state. To
meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in this
enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.

14. "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission, $3,100,
Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Connecticut: GOV. MALLOY: GRANT WILL SUPPORT THE EXPANSION AND REVITALIZATION OF
THE HARTFORD REGIONAL FARMERS' MARKET

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: Hartford


Office of the Governor, The State of Connecticut has issued the following press
release:


Governor Dannel P. Malloy and state Department of Agriculture (DOAG)
Commissioner Steven K. Reviczky today announced that DOAG has been awarded
$375,644 through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) 2013 Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program to support plans to add a kitchen and food processing center
at the Hartford Regional Market. The new center will provide Connecticut's fruit
and vegetable farmers a licensed, sanitary facility at the Market in which to
prepare products from their harvest for sale and consumption.



"Farming and agriculture is a $3.5 billion industry that accounts for nearly
28,000 jobs in Connecticut," Governor Malloy said. "We recognize this diverse
sector will play an important role in our long-term economic growth and are
working to create more opportunities for our farms, agricultural nonprofits,
processers and wholesale distributors to be part of these efforts. Recognizing
the rise in consumer interest in Connecticut Grown products lately, we believe
the Hartford Regional Market provides a solid foundation from which to develop a
vibrant green-goods hub to ensure that more of the food we consume is grown and
produced here, and more of the money we spend on these local products goes back
to our state economy."

Operated by the state as a self-sustaining non-profit venture, the Regional
Market employs more than 400 people and provides a central location for area
farmers and wholesalers to sell and distribute food and other agricultural
products. The Market is the largest perishable food distribution facility
between Boston and New York, covering 32 acres and containing 230,386 square
feet of warehouse space, an active railroad spur, and 144 farmers' market
stalls.

"This project creates multiple opportunities," said Agriculture Commissioner
Steven K. Reviczky.  "Not only will it extend farmer income to a full 12 months
a year through products with a longer shelf life, it will enable farmers to sell
a larger percentage of their crop.  Instead of those tomatoes with minor
blemishes ending up on the compost pile, they can be made into tomato sauce,
salsa, soup, or seasoning mixes."

In April 2013, the Governor's Council for Agricultural Development released a
holistic, strategic plan for Connecticut agriculture, "Grow Connecticut Farms",
which makes recommendations to further develop, diversify, and promote
agriculture in the state. In its report, the Council identified the Regional
Market as an important component in the long-range growth of Connecticut's farms
and agriculture industry, and DOAG and the Connecticut Marketing Authority have
begun a master plan to renovate and upgrade facilities at the Market. One of
seven projects in Connecticut funded by the USDA grant, the design and launch of
a shared-use kitchen and food processing center is part of this larger
revitalization project. In April, the State Bond Commission voted to approve an
allocation of $400,000 to make essential roof repairs at the Market.

The 2013 USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant also fund projects and partnerships
with the Connecticut Apple Marketing Board, the Connecticut Agricultural
Experiment Station, and UConn's College of Agriculture and Natural Resources.

The Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004 and the Food, Conservation, and
Energy Act of 2008 define specialty crops as "fruits, vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)."  USDA's
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program exists to solely enhance the competitiveness
of those crops and is particularly well suited to states such as Connecticut,
which does not produce significant quantities of commodity crops such as wheat
and soybeans.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ct.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: NASDA Submits Comments on Guidance for New Multi-State Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

NASDA recently submitted comments, drafted and reviewed with the support of our
Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) Technical Working Group, on the USDA
Agricultural Marketing Service's (AMS) proposed guidance on the SCBG Multi-State
Project Competition. The new multi-state projects were created in the most
recent Farm Bill and allow for $1 million per year, up to $5 million in the
fifth year, for projects which address a regional or national specialty crop
issue. There will be a total of $3 million available for FY 2015. NASDA
advocated for preservation of the state-driven nature of the program so that
grants can continue to be distributed in a flexible and locally responsive
manner. NASDA will continue to work closely with USDA AMS and the specialty crop
industry to ensure a workable and successful program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            January 17, 2010 Sunday

Farm Briefs

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 759 words


Specialty crop block grants available

SACRAMENTO   Applications are now being accepted for the 2010 California
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, through the California Department of Food
and Agriculture. An estimated $17 million in competitive funding will be
awarded.

The deadline is Feb. 1.

Applicants with the most competitive proposals will be invited to participate in
the second phase of the solicitation process by submitting a more formal
application.

Access the Notice of Funding Availability at www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants.

To streamline application, the department is partnering with the California
state Water Resources Control Board, which hosts an online application site
using the Financial Assistance Application Submittal Tool. All applicants must
register for a FAAST account at https://faast.waterboards.ca.gov.

Projects can range from $75,000 to $500,000 and are funded by the United States
Department of Agriculture.

Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops (including floriculture).

More information: (916) 657-3231, or grants@cdfa.ca.gov

Farmer financial planning offered

Four full days of instruction on financial planning will be offered on Tuesdays
through the Butte and Glenn County Resource Conservation districts, geared
toward helping landowners create and control profitability on farms and ranches.

The workshops run from 8:30-4:30 p.m.

* Jan. 26 and Feb. 2 at the 99 Steakhouse in Willows, 610 S. Tehama St.

* After a one-week break, the program continues Feb. 16 and 23 at the Cleantech
Innovation Center, 2015 Challenger Way in Oroville.

Cost is $150 per business, $45 for additional business partners. To register:
534-0112 ext. 116 by Jan. 19. For information: www.buttecountyrcd.org.

Annual rice grower meetings set

The University of California Cooperative Extension will be holding three annual
rice grower meetings. These include information on fertilizer management, algae
control, seedling disease, irrigation strategies, pest management and weed
management.

* Jan. 25   8:30 a.m., Evangelical Church, 5219 Church St. in Richvale.

* Jan. 25   1:30 p.m., Veterans Hall, 1425 Veterans Memorial Circle in Yuba
City.

* Jan. 26   1:30 p.m., Glenn Pheasant Hall, 1522 Highway 45 south of Glenn.

Information: 538-7201.

Cling Peach Day slated in Yuba City

YUBA CITY   The 15th annual Sacramento Valley Cling Peach Day will be held from
8:30 a.m. to noon Jan. 27 at the Agricultural Building, 142 Garden Highway in
Yuba City.

The agenda includes newer pesticides for oriental fruit moth and peach twig
borer; breeding peaches for mechanical harvest; and other growing updates.

Please RSVP by Jan. 25, to the Sutter/Yuba Extension office, 822-7515,
mlsearcy@ucdavis.edu

Walnut/almond day planned Feb. 3

CHICO   The annual Walnut Day and Almond Institute will be held from 8:30 a.m.
to 3 p.m. Feb. 3 at the Masonic Family Center, 1110 W. East Ave.

Discussions will include strategies for crown gall and coddling moth; updates
from the Almond Board; disease research; and international perspectives.

Cost for lunch is $13. RSVP by Jan. 28. Make checks payable to UC Regents, and
mail to UC Cooperative Extension, 2279-B Del Oro Ave., Oroville CA 95965.

Butte Farm Bureau annual meeting set

CHICO   The annual dinner and meeting of the Butte County Farm Bureau takes
place from 6-8 p.m. Feb. 4 at the Bell Memorial Union at Chico State University.

Keynote speaker will be Blake Hurst, a freelance writer and Missouri Farm Bureau
vice president.

Tickets are $40 and must be purchased by Jan. 27.

Mail payment to Butte County Farm Bureau, 2580 Feather River Blvd., Oroville CA
95965.

Free ag container recycling offered in February

A free event for landowners to safely dispose of agricultural containers for
pesticides and herbicides will take place from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Feb. 9 at the
Neal Road Landfill through a program of the Ag Container Recycling Council.

Containers should be triple rinsed, and the caps and labels removed.

Staff from the Butte County Agricultural Commissioner's office will be there for
inspection.

Containers can be from 2.5 gallons up to 32 gallons, explained Bill Graves, one
of the organizers. The larger containers should be cut in half.

Graves explained that the event takes place twice a year, and the next one will
be in July.

The last time the event was held, 10,350 pounds of plastic was collected.

Interstate Ag Plastics will grind up the containers and use them for things such
as fence posts and pallets.

For further information, Graves can be reached at 228-3337.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

A look at the details of the farm bill

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON _ The five-year farm bill completed Thursday is a multibillion-dollar
grab bag.

If it survives a threatened presidential veto, the bill is estimated to cost
$286 billion over five years and roughly $600 billion over 10 years. Over the
next decade, 73 percent of the funds will go for food stamp and nutrition
programs.

The bill will easily exceed 1,000 pages when it is finally published Monday
prior to next week's House and Senate votes, and undoubtedly some surprises are
yet to be discovered. Many of the most crucial items, though, have already been
spelled out. These include:

_Specialty crops. Fruits, vegetables, nuts and wine travel under the generic
name specialty crops, which together receive a record amount in the new farm
bill. The bill totals roughly $1.3 billion for a variety of grants, research and
marketing assistance targeting specialty crops and organic agriculture.

The specialty crop spending would be several times more than was provided in the
last farm bill written in 2002. It includes, for instance, $33 million for
grants promoting farmers markets, $466 million in block grants to states and $22
million to help small growers pay the fees needed for certification as an
organic farm. States will basically use the block grants to promote specialty
crops, with fruit-and-vegetable-producing states like California and Florida
getting a big share of the total.

_Wealthy farmers. The Bush administration wanted to ban crop subsidy payments to
farmers who make more than $200,000 a year. Rural lawmakers had other ideas and
set up a complicated scheme instead.

Currently, subsidies are banned for farmers with incomes exceeding $2.5 million.
The new farm bill purports to ban all government payments to growers with
off-farm income exceeding $500,000. The bill also purports to ban a certain kind
of subsidy, called a direct payment, to growers with farm income exceeding
$750,000.

Lawmakers, though, also tinkered with definitions to expand what is meant by
farm income. Married farmers, moreover, can effectively double their income
limits. Potentially, it now appears, a single grower who combines an off-farm
income of $499,999 with on-farm income of $749,999 could still receive payments.

_Crop subsidies. Traditional subsidies will largely remain intact for
commodities such as cotton, rice, wheat and corn despite record prices. Several
new crops are added to the existing "counter-cyclical" subsidy program,
including lentils, dry peas and chick peas.

Lawmakers added new reforms, including getting rid of the so-called "three
entity rule" that has permitted farmers to multiply the number of subsidy
payments they receive.

_Conservation. Under an expanded and newly renamed Conservation Stewardship
Program, the bill would provide $12 billion over 10 years to help farmers
practice soil and water conservation.

After much haggling, negotiators agreed that the conservation payments won't be
subject to the same income test that will be applied for other subsidy payments.
This was crucial to lawmakers in a few states such as California. The bill also
includes $150 million set aside in the existing Environmental Quality Incentive
Program to help farmers in polluted regions pay for improvements like new pumps
and engines. This targets a few regions including California's San Joaquin
Valley.

_Nutrition. The bill renames Food Stamps, rhetorically updating them to become
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. More substantively, the bill
would add $10 billion in nutrition spending over the next 10 years. The bill
would increase minimum food stamp benefits and make it easier to qualify, by
excluding certain child-care costs and other assets in determining eligibility.

An existing Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Snack Program, currently limited to 14
states, would be expanded to schools in all 50 states with the help of $1
billion. The money would enable designated schools with large low-income
populations to buy healthy snacks for free distribution.

___

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau on the World Wide Web at
www.mcclatchydc.com.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080508-BC-FARMBILL-DETAILS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              144 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    November 19, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Coldwell Solar Working with Specialty Crop Business Owners to Secure Grant

LENGTH: 299  words


Nov. 19 -- US-based Coldwell Solar issued the following news release:

Coldwell Solar is pleased to announce that the 2015 Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program (SCBGP) information was released on October 30th, 2014 by the California
Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA). The purpose of this grant is to fund
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of California specialty crops.

In one of the funding categories, CDFA will consider projects that expand
stewardship practices and natural resource conservation while developing
strategies to enable specialty crop growers to adapt to climate change by
reducing greenhouse gas emissions and sequestering carbon. All of these are the
key benefits of operating your own solar power system.

How to Apply

The application process is through an application process with the State Water
Resources Control Board (SWRCB). Coldwell Solar has the knowledge and expertise
to assist you with your application and grant proposal writing. Please contact
Coldwell Solar at toll-free (1-888-705-5055).

Funding Your Solar Project

The project grant amounts are between $50,000 - $450,000 with a project duration
starting on October 1st, 2015 and a completion date of June 30th, 2018. Concept
proposals are due by December 5th, 2014.

Who May Apply

This program is open to California for-profit and non-profit organizations;
local, state, federal and tribal governments; public and private colleges and
universities. The 2015 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program covers specific
eligible commodities including but not limited to certain fruits and tree nuts,
vegetables, culinary herbs and spices, medical herbs, flowers, shrubs, plants
and trees.

Contact Coldwell Solar toll-free at (1-888-705-5055) to get started, due date is
December 5th, 2014.

Source: Coldwell Solar

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                               May 9, 2008 Friday

Farm bill's cost: $600B over next 10 years

BYLINE: By MICHAEL DOYLE McClatchy

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 664 words


WASHINGTON   The five-year farm bill completed Thursday is a multibillion-dollar
grab bag.

If it survives a threatened presidential veto, the bill is estimated to cost
$286 billion over five years and about $600 billion over 10 years. During the
next decade, 73 percent of the funds will go for food stamp and nutrition
programs.

The bill will easily exceed 1,000 pages when it is finally published Monday
before next week's House and Senate votes, and undoubtedly some surprises are to
be discovered.

Many of the most crucial items have already been spelled out. These include:

· Specialty crops. Fruits, vegetables, nuts and wine travel under the generic
name specialty crops, which together receive a record amount in the new farm
bill. The bill totals roughly $1.3 billion for a variety of grants, research and
marketing assistance targeting specialty crops and organic agriculture.

The specialty crop spending would be several times more than was provided in the
last farm bill written in 2002. It includes, for instance, $33 million for
grants promoting farmers markets, $466 million in block grants to states and $22
million to help small growers pay the fees needed for certification as an
organic farm. States will basically use the block grants to promote specialty
crops, with fruit-and-vegetable-producing states like California and Florida
getting a big share of the total.

· Wealthy farmers. The Bush administration wanted to ban crop subsidy payments
to farmers who make more than $200,000 a year. Rural lawmakers had other ideas
and set up a complicated scheme instead.

Currently, subsidies are banned for farmers with incomes exceeding $2.5 million.
The new farm bill purports to ban all government payments to growers with
off-farm income exceeding $500,000. The bill also purports to ban a certain kind
of subsidy, called a direct payment, to growers with farm income exceeding
$750,000.

Lawmakers, though, also tinkered with definitions to expand what is meant by
farm income. Married farmers, moreover, can effectively double their income
limits. Potentially, it now appears, a single grower who combines an off-farm
income of $499,999 with on-farm income of $749,999 could still receive payments.

· Crop subsidies. Traditional subsidies will largely remain intact for
commodities such as cotton, rice, wheat and corn despite record prices. Several
new crops are added to the existing "counter-cyclical" subsidy program,
including lentils, dry peas and chick peas.

Lawmakers added new reforms, including getting rid of the so-called "three
entity rule" that has permitted farmers to multiply the number of subsidy
payments they receive.

· Conservation. Under an expanded and newly renamed Conservation Stewardship
Program, the bill would provide $12 billion over 10 years to help farmers
practice soil and water conservation.

After much haggling, negotiators agreed that the conservation payments won't be
subject to the same income test that will be applied for other subsidy payments.

This was crucial to lawmakers in a few states such as California. The bill also
includes $150 million set aside in the existing Environmental Quality Incentive
Program to help farmers in polluted regions pay for improvements like new pumps
and engines. This targets a few regions including California's San Joaquin
Valley.

· Nutrition. The bill renames Food Stamps, rhetorically updating them to become
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. More substantively, the bill
would add $10 billion in nutrition spending over the next 10 years. The bill
would increase minimum food stamp benefits and make it easier to qualify, by
excluding certain child-care costs and other assets in determining eligibility.

An existing Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Snack Program, currently limited to 14
states, would be expanded to schools in all 50 states with the help of $1
billion. The money would enable designated schools with large low-income
populations to buy healthy snacks for free distribution.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            January 31, 2014, Friday

BUSINESS Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 379 words


U.S. pending home sales slow down

WASHINGTON - Fewer Americans signed contracts to buy previously occupied homes
in December, suggesting a slowdown in real estate. Pending home sales fell to
the lowest point since October 2011.

The National Association of Realtors says its seasonally adjusted pending home
sales index dropped 8.7 percent last month to 92.4. That's the seventh straight
monthly decline for the index, which previews upcoming sales. A one- to
two-month lag usually exists between a signed contract and a completed sale.

Rising mortgage rates and price increases crimped sales in recent months. Cold
weather in December also stalled home purchases.

The housing market benefited from historically low mortgage rates for much of
last year.

Sales of previously occupied homes totaled 5.1 million in 2013, the highest in
seven years, the trade group said last week.

W.Va. taking specialty crop block grants bids

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for its
2014 specialty crop block grant program.

Applicants are invited to submit a proposal for projects that meet the federal
criteria for specialty crops.

These can include projects such as fruits, vegetables, horticultural crops,
honey, nuts, Christmas trees and maple syrup. Funding is expected to be about
$180,000 this year, contingent on the availability of U.S. Farm Bill funding.

Applications are due by March 14.

Since 2009, the program has awarded more than 100 projects and more than $1.1
million into development of the West Virginia specialty crop industry.

Obama emphasizes improving job training

WAUKESHA, Wis. - Stressing the importance of having job-training programs that
work, President Barack Obama on Thursday ordered a comprehensive review of
federal workforce training initiatives and pledged to copy the most successful
ones.

Emphasizing themes from his State of the Union address, Obama cast improved job
training as central to his efforts to make it easier for people to move up into
and stay in the middle class.

At a General Electric engine factory near Milwaukee, he signed a presidential
memo directing Vice President Joe Biden to lead the review, and to work with
cities, businesses and labor leaders to better match training to employer needs.

-The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              147 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                 July 27, 2007

Arizona farmers keep watchful eye on farm legislation

BYLINE: Tasya Grabenstein

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2480  words


After many tedious hours of drafting and negotiation, the U.S. House Agriculture
Committee passed farm legislation on July 20 that for the first time includes
specialty crops as a major part of the bill.

Congress is preparing to reauthorize legislation that will be in place for the
next several years. That's excellent news for Arizona crop growers, the nation's
fifth largest producer of specialty crops. Specialty crops grown in Arizona
include lettuce, carrots, onions, melons, potatoes, spinach, broccoli,
cantaloupes, grapes and gourds, among others.

"We represent about 50 percent of the farm gate in this country and we deserve
representation in the farm bill," Paul Simonds, communications manager for
Western Growers Association said in a phone interview last week.

Western Growers Association is the nation's leading agricultural trade
association, representing more than 3,000 Arizona and California growers,
packers and shippers of specialty crops. Simonds said his organization wants the
government to invest in the specialty crop industry because Congress has
appropriated billions of dollars over the years for traditional farm crops like
corn, soybeans and wheat.

Western Growers is a member of the Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance, which
developed legislation that focuses on a safer, healthier and more nutritious
food supply, the Equitable Agriculture Today for a Healthy America Act (EAT
Healthy America Act). "The Farm Bill is no longer just a domestic support
program," said Thomas A. Nassif, president and CEO of the Western Growers
Association in a July 19 guest opinion in the Tucson Citizen. "It's not enough
for congressional leaders to continue down the same tired, outdated path,
addressing only the needs of the traditional program crops. "

The Arizona Department of Agriculture would also like to see support for
specialty crops, said department spokesman Ed Hermes. "Providing funding for
research, marketing, and other promotional methods for specialty crops in the
farm bill is essential to keep Arizona agriculture strong and promote healthy,
nutritious foods," Hermes said.

The department is also calling for the farm bill to open up the USDA's
commodity, conservation, and disaster assistance programs to ensure specialty
crop producers have more of an opportunity to participate. Hermes said the
department supports not only an increase in funding but also a permanent
allocation for the Specialty Crop Block Grant that was authorized in the
Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004.

Under the legislation proposed by the committee, programs related to specialty
crops would receive between $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion over five years. Only
$200 million was provided to specialty crops in the 2002 farm bill with no block
grants awarded to states. The 2007 House bill contains $365 million for state
block grants.

Legislators weigh-in

State Sens. Marsha Arzberger and Jake Flake said farming is still a very
important industry in Arizona and is one that needs to be taken into
consideration as Congress takes up the reauthorization this year. "I think when
they're discussing the farm bill they need to discuss farming policy in the
entire nation," Arzberger said. "There is a lot of agriculture in Arizona yet. "
Arzberger, D-25, said farming and agriculture need to be looked at as a national
industry and one of the reasons for that is to secure food supply particularly
in areas where the industry is threatened by terrorists or other nations.

The United States, she said, is very dependent upon many imports of food. "From
an all-around security standpoint, that does not put us in a secure position,"
Arzberger said. While she agrees some reform is needed when it comes to
subsidies, she also believes there is a need for subsidies if they are directed
to maintain the family farmer, whom she says is disappearing from the country.

She also emphasized the importance of water savings and other conservation
programs that are available. "Some of these farm subsidies, at least a
considerable amount of them are directed toward conservation," Arzberger said.

The government provides funds and the farmer provides funds and the combination
of the two allows more efficiency in water systems.

"Nothing grows in Arizona without irrigation. So you replace an irrigation
method that uses heavy use of water with a much more efficient water use and
you've just conserved water," Arzberger said.

Sen. Jake Flake, R-5, was in Washington last week lobbying for the farm bill on
behalf of Farm Credit Services. Flake said he's been a board member of the
organization for over 35 years. He's now on the national council and meets with
members every six months to discuss agriculture financing.

Flake said he went to the nation's capital to lobby for more expanded authority
to be able to loan money to related industries like grain, seed industries,
fertilizer, wineries and for people who either sell to farmers or use farm
products.

Although he'd like to see the country get away from subsidies, he said, he does
see the importance of them to Arizona farmers. The main subsidy Arizona farmers
benefit from is for growing cotton. "Without that subsidy, you couldn't afford
to grow cotton in Arizona," Flake said. "It would put those farmers out of
business. "

One of the rationales, as far as subsidy crops go, he said, is that it holds
down the price for the consumer. "If we didn't get those subsidies, the farmers
can't afford to raise them and the price of food would then skyrocket," Flake
said. He said if the subsides went away, food prices and welfare payments would
increase and so it's really a question of whether to pay the subsidy to keep the
farmer in business or let food prices rise and pay more welfare.

A large number of subsidies go to worthwhile conservation projects, Flake said.
Conservation projects are necessary, he said, to make the land more productive.
"When the land is worn out we need to restore it," Flake said. "We need to make
the best use of our water when we do get water. " He said most farmers in
Arizona would like to see a bill that is very similar to the one that was done
in 2002.

Flake said four members of Arizona's congressional delegation didn't vote for
the farm bill in 2002 - Sens. Jon Kyl and John McCain, and Reps. Jeff Flake and
John Shadegg. The reason being, he said, is because in order to get the votes
need for the bill to pass, lawmakers start packing on pork projects. "Sometimes
they don't even relate to agriculture, like a library somewhere or a swimming
pool or stupid things like that and you know how Jeff Flake is on stuff like
that - earmarks," Jake Flake said. Actually, Flake said, only about 21 percent
of the billions that go into the farm bill actually goes to producers of crops
for subsides of crops.

It comes as no surprise then that Congressman Flake, Jake Flake's nephew, is
co-sponsoring an amendment that would trim farm subsidies. The amendment called
the "Fairness in Farm and Food Policy Amendment" would make reforms to current
commodity programs in order to make them more equitable and fiscally
responsible. The savings would then be reinvested in conservation programs that
benefit farmers across the country and nutrition programs that promote healthier
foods and fight obesity. The amendment, said Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., main sponsor
of the bill, would save slightly more than $12 billion over five years.
Approximately $3 billion would be added to conservation programs and funding for
produce growers would rise to $2.6 billion.

This amendment comes as a response to the Agriculture Committee moving ahead
with its own version of the farm bill and not accepting the sponsor's proposed
bill. The sponsor's bill, titled FARM21, would have established farmer savings
accounts and placed more money into rural development, conservation and
nutrition. Matthew Specht, spokesman for Jeff Flake said, "We've kind of made
some improvements to FARM21 and modified its set-up so it converts to an
amendment rather than a stand alone bill. "

Kevin Rogers, president of the Arizona Farm Bureau, said his organization is
"not thrilled" with Flake's amendment. "It basically, in my opinion right now,
stands against the structure of the farm bill," he said.

It does away with the safety net for agriculture, Rogers said, and over a period
of years eliminates the support to keep the food and fiber produced here in the
United States relatively inexpensive. Rogers said the Arizona Farm Bureau has
supported Congressman Flake over the years on several different issues such as
trade and immigration reform, but this, he said, is one of those times where
they differ strongly.

Arizona ag associations

Jim Klinker, chief administrative officer for the Arizona Farm Bureau, said he
is closely monitoring an issue on payment limits that could penalize large
farmers. Klinker said there's a lot of debate about not allowing larger farms to
participate in payment limits. What some would like to do in the next farm bill,
he said, is keep large farmers from participating in the farm bill by receiving
payments or subsidies.

That isn't fair, Klinker said, because there are things that critics of this
practice are not taking into consideration. He said one of the things in Arizona
that needs to be taken into consideration is that the large farmers have the
same costs as the small farmer, just more of them. "We've always had large farms
in Arizona," Klinker said.

They're large, he said, because there are water costs Arizona farmers have to
pay that Midwest ones don't because they have more rainfall amounts. Large labor
costs also come into play because they require more workers.

What's driving this issue, he said, is the proverbial movie star or rich
basketball player who might have a farm for investment purposes and the person
who manages their farm might advise them to use the farm bill to receive
payments just as other farmers do.

"I'm not trying to defend the movie star or the basketball player or sports star
in participating in the farm program, but that discussion affects other large
farmers and we have always had large farms in Arizona," Klinker said. Arizona
Farm Bureau believes if the farm bill is there for American agriculture, it
ought to be there for all American agriculture, Klinker said.

Last week, the House Agriculture Committee passed a new farm bill (HR 2419). The
bill, scheduled to go to the floor on July 26, is where the main test of the
payment provision will come, Farm Bureau president Rogers said. As it stands,
the bill bans federal subsidies to farmers with incomes averaging more than $1
million a year and stops farmers with multiple properties from collecting
payments. The committee cleaned up that portion of the bill so that it's only
production family farmers who receive the benefits. The committee voted
unanimously on the provision.

Rogers was in Washington this week to monitor the progress of the bill. He said
his organization is pleased with the bill that passed committee. "We like the
bill," Rogers said. "There are things in it we wish weren't there, but that's
OK. It was one of those negotiated things between the Republicans and Democrats.
"

One item he disagrees with is that there is a change in what's called the
three-entity rule. That provision allows farmers to participate in three
different farming entities basically in three partnerships. Rogers said under
the bill the House Agriculture Committee passed, the three-entity rule has been
eliminated. He would prefer to see the rule still there, Rogers said, but he
understands the rationale of continuing to reform the program to make it more
cost efficient. That, he said, helps lower the baseline or the budget.

"We hope that it will be passed and we'll have a new farm law for the next five
years that farmers and ranchers and really the citizens of this country can
depend on to make sure we've got the food and fiber producers to ensure a
reliable food source," he said.

Chris Udall, executive director of the Agri-Business Council of Arizona, said as
the state's reclamation representative to the National Water Resources
Association and a supporter of the Family Farm Alliance, they are primarily
concerned with water issues and the focus on irrigated agriculture in the
Western states. The organization's primary mission, he said, is to work with the
Bureau of Reclamation, whose mission is to provide water and power to
agriculture.

Udall said they've been closely watching and supporting the Regional Water
Enhancement Program the Bush administration is proposing. "It creates a new
$1.75 billion, 10-year cooperative conservation program improving water quality
and water conservation on working agriculture lands on a regional scale," he
said.

The council is also supporting the redesign of the Environmental Quality
Incentives Program (EQIP) since both programs would be registered by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service. Those
programs, Udall said, give irrigation districts a chance to improve their
infrastructure and water delivery capability.

The council is not directly involved, but is monitoring disaster assistance.
Udall said in the 2002 farm bill, that provision literally saved the businesses
of many farmers across the country.

Battle over last minute proposal - veto threatened

Fox News reported on July 26 support for the bill unraveled the day before as
the White House threatened a veto because the measure doesn't do enough to cut
farm subsidies. Also, Republicans from farm states, who previously showed
support for the bill, are now saying they will oppose the legislation because of
a last-minute proposal to tax certain foreign-owned companies with U.S.
subsidiaries. Those taxes, Fox reports, would partially pay for $4 billion in
food stamps and other nutrition programs.

House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson, D-Minn., said he had been
up most of the night working with Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., to gain votes
from Democrats who have opposed certain parts of the bill. The Democrat leaders
agreed to shift money to international nutrition programs, for example, to gain
support from Rep. James McGovern, D-Mass.

The tax proposal by Rep. Lloyd Doggett, D-Texas, has angered Republicans. The
GOP sees Doggett's proposal as a betrayal of a bipartisan effort to pass the
measure. Also, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson wrote Congress to emphasize the
discontent the business community has with the bill saying the proposal would
cost U.S. jobs by disrupting foreign investment and ruining relations with trade
partners.

Peterson said he has the votes to pass the bill and said if the president vetoes
it, the administration will have "failed rural America and all Americans" by
opposing legislation that has broad support from conservation, agriculture,
nutrition and renewable energy advocates.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

USDA to provide $90m grant to support local food system

SECTION: FRESH FRUIT; Grants

LENGTH: 337 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) will provide over $90m grant
to strengthen local and regional food systems and for specialty crop
development.


Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, flowers and nursery crops
.

The grants are administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Farmers Market and Local
Food Promotion Program, and the Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.

Through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, more than $62m is allocated for
projects that support specialty crop farmers through research and programs
intended to increase demand.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provide in excess of $26m in
competitive grants, which is divided equally between Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP).

FMPP grants supports direct producer-to-consumer marketing projects such as
farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs, roadside stands, and
agritourism. LFPP funds projects which develop, improve, and expand local and
regional food business, supply chain activities such as processing,
distribution, aggregation, and storage of locally-or regionally-produced food
products.

Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) offers $1m in matching funds
to state departments of agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other
appropriate state agencies for research projects to address the challenges in
marketing, transporting, and distributing US agricultural products domestically
and internationally.

US Agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack said: "Over the past seven years, USDA has
strengthened local and regional food systems by investing in projects that
recruit and train farmers, expand economic opportunities for small businesses
and increase access to healthy foods.

"These grant programs make a real difference to farmers, ranchers, and
businesses in communities across the country, revitalizing rural economies while
also increasing access to fresh, healthy food."

Image: USDA to make grants available for specialty crop growers. Photo: Courtesy
of xedos4/FreeDigitalPhotos.net.

LOAD-DATE: April 06, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

West Virginia: AGRICULTURAL RESEARCHERS TO RECEIVE QUARTER MILLION IN GRANT
FUNDING

LENGTH: 1656  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.

The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

"Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
    West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County.
This project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.
    "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
    West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.
    "KISRA Farm Expansion"
    Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000,
Kanawha County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study
assessing the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty
crops (hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets
in urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia
State University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.
    "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
    West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department
of Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.
    "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple
Vegetable Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
    West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation,
$16,000, Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers
to investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in
high tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.
    "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.
    "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
    West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.
    "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
    Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant
funds will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch
lifter, and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared
basis and with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will
experience increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for
the community.
    "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
    CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due
to market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of
asparagus, strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban
sites. The program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what
conditions produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be
evaluated on ease of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of
sale at market and market value.
    10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in
the Tygarts Valley District"
    Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.
    "VineyardHillsOrchards"
    Grow Ohio Valley, Inc., $25,000, Ohio County. Through an innovative land-use
partnership, this project will transform a highly visible brownfield into a
fertile bramble and fruit tree orchard and intends to fill a gaping hole in
unsatisfied demand for loca lfresh fruits in the Wheeling area. The project will
also provide a venue for vocational skills and farming techniques training for
new farmers and economically and socially disadvantaged populations. Statewide:
This project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
    West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide.
Agriculture and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for
veterans re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West
Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs
of these farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the
state. To meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in
this enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.
    "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
    West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission,
$3,100, Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                              May 26, 2009 Tuesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: May 26, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 879  words


Attorneys awaiting judgment

Several Rochester-area lawyers arraigned earlier this spring for failing to file
state personal income tax returns could be disbarred or suspended based on the
felony charges against them.

"These are sad situations," attorney Gerald Dibble, who represents Paul W.
Martin, said Thursday. "There's a possibility that a lawyer could wind up losing
his license or being suspended for a period of time, or being censured. The
matter has to be handled carefully, bearing in mind that the possible
ramifications of any conviction could be more serious than for an average person
who doesn't file their returns or pay their taxes. "

Six defendant lawyers face felony charges in separate cases. They failed to
report a combined $1.4 million in income and owe more than $60,000 in tax
liability, according to information provided by the state Department of Taxation
and Finance.

The defendant lawyers are Martin, Karolyne N. Armer, David Coletti, Nat O.
"Buddy" Lester, Steven J. Seidman and D. Scott Young. They were arraigned March
26 before Judge Stephen T. Miller in Rochester City Court.

Monroe County Assistant District Attorney Mark Monaghan is handling the cases.

He has been in touch with each of the respective defense counsels and the cases
are pending possible action by a grand jury, Monaghan said late Thursday.

Some of the defendants have paid all of their outstanding tax liability and
several have filed all of their outstanding tax returns, Monaghan said.

Negotiations continue, and filing of outstanding returns as well as payment of
outstanding tax liability would be a consideration in any final disposition of
these matters, Monaghan said.

GRAWA announces annual awards

The Greater Rochester Association for Women Attorneys (GRAWA) held its annual
awards and installation dinner Thursday night at Gatherings at the Daisy Flour
Mill on Blossom Road.

Amy E. Schwartz, an attorney at the Empire Justice Center, was sworn-in as
president.

Outgoing President Heidi Gregory presented awards to four individuals and one
organization for their contributions to the bar and the community.

The Crennel-Branch Award was presented to Diane Cecero, general counsel to
Monroe Community College. Sue S. Tebor, a partner at Harris Beach LLC, received
the Hanna S. Cohn Mentoring Award. The President's Award was presented to Julie
Bielecki, an associate at Harris Beach and Katie Courtney, an attorney at the
Empire Justice Center. Bielecki and Courtney together created the Newly Admitted
Women Attorneys Committee.

The Directors' Award was presented to Women Helping Girls, a program of the
Greater Rochester Area Branch of the American Association of University Women in
partnership with the Rochester City School District. The group aims to empower
girls from grades 7 through 12, a majority of whom are African-American and
Hispanic, through mentoring, enriching activities, college tours and personal
development workshops.

Brockport car dealer sentenced

The owner of Wholesale Used Cars, located at 5605 Brockport-Spencerport Road,
Brockport, was sentenced to 40 consecutive Sundays in the Monroe County
Sheriff's Work Release Program and placed on five years' probation for tax
fraud.

Howard V. Ellinwood, 53, of 35 Ridge Meadow Drive, Spencerport, failed to file
quarterly sales tax returns from Sept. 1, 1999 through Feb. 28, 2007, State
Finance Commissioner Robert L. Megna announced.

Ellinwood pleaded guilty in March and was sentenced Tuesday by state Supreme
Court Judge Joseph Valentino for third-degree grand larceny, a Class D felony.

As part of his plea agreement, Ellinwood paid restitution of $7,300 to the state
tax department.

Ag Department seeks industry input

New York will receive about $1 million in federal Specialty Crop Block Grant
funds, state Agriculture Commissioner Patrick Hooker announced last week.

Part of the 2008 federal Farm Bill, the funds are designated to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, maple and
honey and horticulture.

"Specialty crops are incredibly valuable to our economy, but also allow us to
offer our consumers healthy and delicious options for a diverse and nutritious
diet," Hooker said in a statement.

Although the USDA has not announced available funding for the 2009 Specialty
Crop Block Grant program, the agriculture department projects that New York will
be eligible for about $1 million.

In anticipation of that funding, the department is encouraging all interested
stakeholders to submit written comments on how the money should be allocated.
Comments will be accepted until June 8, and may be submitted via e-mail to
nyspecialtycrops@agmkt.state.ny.us, or faxed to (518) 457-2716, attention
Specialty Crop Comments.

Hooker also will assemble a Specialty Crop Block Grant Advisory Committee, which
will review submitted comments and provide guidance for implementing a
competitive grant program.

Specialty crops generate $1.34 billion annually in New York and make up a third
of the state's total agricultural receipts. They also rank high nationally in
both production and economic value. New York is the nation's second largest
producer of apples, cabbage and maple syrup; third for grapes and cauliflower;
and fourth for tart cherries, pear, snap beans and sweet corn.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: AGRICULTURAL RESEARCHERS TO RECEIVE QUARTER MILLION IN GRANT
FUNDING

LENGTH: 1674  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

Ever wonder which West Virginia county grows the most corn? (Jefferson was way
out front with 1.68 million

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will award nearly $250,000 in
2014 Specialty Crop Block Grants to 14 recipients throughout West Virginia.

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.

The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

"Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
    West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County.
This project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.
    "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
    West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.
    "KISRA Farm Expansion"
    Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000,
Kanawha County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study
assessing the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty
crops (hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets
in urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia
State University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.
    "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
    West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department
of Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.
    "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple
Vegetable Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
    West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation,
$16,000, Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers
to investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in
high tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.
    "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.
    "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
    West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.
    "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
    Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant
funds will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch
lifter, and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared
basis and with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will
experience increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for
the community.
    "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
    CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due
to market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of
asparagus, strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban
sites. The program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what
conditions produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be
evaluated on ease of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of
sale at market and market value.
    10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in
the Tygarts Valley District"
    Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.
    "VineyardHillsOrchards"
    Grow Ohio Valley, Inc., $25,000, Ohio County. Through an innovative land-use
partnership, this project will transform a highly visible brownfield into a
fertile bramble and fruit tree orchard and intends to fill a gaping hole in
unsatisfied demand for loca lfresh fruits in the Wheeling area. The project will
also provide a venue for vocational skills and farming techniques training for
new farmers and economically and socially disadvantaged populations. Statewide:
This project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
    West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.
    "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
    West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide.
Agriculture and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for
veterans re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West
Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs
of these farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the
state. To meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in
this enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.
    "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
    West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission,
$3,100, Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Supervisors vote to keep funding program

BYLINE: Wes Bowers, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Nov. 23--STOCKTON -- San Joaquin County's AgVenture program will be alive for at
least the next three years.

The San Joaquin County Board of Supervisors has approved a $178,448 Specialty
Crop Block Grant for the AgVenture Program.

The grant, awarded by the California Department of Food and Agriculture, will
help fund a variety of events and trips coordinated by AgVenture through 2018.

San Joaquin County Agricultural Commissioner Tim Pelican said funding levels for
the program have decreased over the years, and the grant is a much-needed
resource to keep AgVenture alive.

The program is funded through the county's general fund, direct donations from
local businesses and corporations, Pelican said. The grant funds about 65
percent of the program, he said.

The CDFA first awarded the specialty crop block grant to AgVenture for the
2011-12 school year in the amount of $75,250 to fund the three field trips.

A grant of $203,000 was awarded for the 2012-13 and 2013-14 school years,
according to staff.

"It's a great thing to teach these kids where their food comes from," Pelican
told supervisors. "A lot of them have no idea, and some got to see a cow for the
first time. We keep trying to have more events to help educate our children."

The program started in 2007 consists of agricultural-themed field trips for
third-graders from all over the county.

The field trips are conducted in Manteca, Stockton and Lodi, and include
displays of crops, farm equipment and animals for students to experience. In
addition, students also participate in farming presentations.

More than 11,000 students participate in AgVenture each year. Pelican said more
than 4,000 students attended the most recent AgVenture field trip in Manteca.

Supervisor Bob Elliott attended the Manteca AgVenture Program event and said the
turnout is great.

"It really is a pleasure to see when these students learn how the food they eat
actually gets to the grocery store," he said. "That's not where it comes from,
so it's good to find out all those things and have the chance to experience just
how those things happen."

Board Vice Chairman Chuck Winn said AgVenture provides a lot of material and
information that students can benefit from learning.

The field trips allow the students to learn about soil, water and healthy diets,
along with how commodities make their way farm the farm to the store.

"Some of the kids in our inner cities have no idea what these animals look
like," Winn said. "(AgVenture) is a great opportunity for them to get in touch
with our No. 1 economic engine."

The 2015 Specialty Crop Block Grant will also help fund the new Healthy Snacks
Program, which allows about 120 county fourth-graders to learn how to create
healthy snacks using specialty crops.

"(AgVenture) is a great program," Chairwoman Kathy Miller said. "You can't
attend AgVenture without seeing the delight in the faces of the kids, or the
enthusiasm of the volunteers. If you want a perfect example of making learning
fun, AgVenture is one of those."

-- Contact reporter Wes Bowers at (209) 546-8258 or wbowers@recordnet.com Follow
him at recordnet.com/bowersblog and on Twitter @WBowersTSR.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151123-SK-Supervisors-vote-to-keep-funding-program-1123-20151123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              153 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

$300,000 awarded to Delaware crop projects

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Delaware Gov   has issued the following news release



 Eight educational and research projects supporting Delaware crops will receive
more than $300,000 in federal funding, Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee
announced today.





 "Our partners are performing great work in enhancing and promoting Delaware
agriculture," Kee said in announcing the funding through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. "These research and
educational opportunities will help growers and allied businesses in both the
short and long term."



 The projects include:



 >> An outreach program to increase fruit and vegetable consumption among
children with mental illness and their families, by DDA's Plant Industries
Section and the Planting Hope Urban Farm project ($27,023).



 >> Field research on cultivating edible truffle mushrooms, by Blue Skies Farm
near Georgetown ($34,210).



 >> A beginning farmer program by the Delaware Nature Society ($36,922.75).



 >> Three lima bean research projects from the University of Delaware on bean
varieties with disease resistance, genome sequencing, and specialty succulent
beans (total $138,910). With more than 12,000 acres of lima beans, Delaware
grows more acreage than any other state.



 >> Promotional efforts by the Delaware Christmas Tree Growers' Association on
the environmental benefits of real Christmas trees ($17,041.85).



 >> A marketing campaign by the Delaware Farm Bureau on the health benefits of
fruits and vegetables ($48,880).



 The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is channeled through state departments
of agriculture. It covers products known as specialty crops, including fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops, including
floriculture. Projects may run for one to three years. Funding cannot be used
for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or animal agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Rhode Island: DEM Announces Availability of Farm Viability Grant Funds to
Enhance and Promote Rhode Isalnd Speciality Crops

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of Environmental Management, The State of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:

The Department of Environmental Management announces that $150,000 in farm
viability grant funding is available for projects that enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops grown in Rhode Island. The funds are from the
US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant program. Specialty
crops are defined by this federally-supported program as fruits and vegetables,
dried fruit, tree nuts, and nursery crops including floriculture, honey, hops
and turf grass production.

Grant awards will range from $10,000 to $50,000 with no direct match required.
Funding will be provided in two stages, with 50 percent of the monies given up
front and the remainder provided at the satisfactory completion of the project.
The grants may be used for projects of up to two years in duration.

Funds may be used for research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, trade
enhancement, food safety, food security, plant health, product development,
education, "buy local" initiatives, and for programs that provide for increased
consumption and innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of
distribution systems, environmental concerns and conservation, and development
of cooperatives. Grant funds may not be spent on construction projects.

"These grants will enhance our state's economy and environment by strengthening
markets for specialty crops grown in Rhode Island," said Governor Gina Raimondo.
"The economic impact from green-industry businesses in Rhode Island is
tremendous, and we look forward to funding a host of innovative projects that
support local agriculture and our food economy through this grant program."

DEM's Division of Agriculture oversees or supports numerous efforts designed to
maintain the viability of farming in Rhode Island, including locally-produced
milk, meats and locally-harvested seafood, farmers' markets, and buy local
programs.

DEM Director Janet Coit said, "These grants will promote the long-term viability
of agriculture in our state and help sustain the livelihood of Rhode Island
farmers. Consumer demand for locally-grown products is constantly increasing.
This can be seen across the state, from the expansion of farmers' markets to the
promotion of delicious local produce, meats and seafood in our outstanding
restaurants.

"We want to remind farmers, fishers and local food advocates that approximately
$200,000 is also currently available in grant funding through the Local
Agriculture and Seafood Act (LASA) program," noted Ken Ayars, chief of DEM's
Division of Agriculture. "Between the LASA and Specialty Crop Block Grant
program there is over $350,000 in grant funding available through DEM to support
Rhode Island's local food economy." Applications for the LASA grants are due by
February 17. Information on LASA is available online on DEM's Division of
Agriculture website at www.rigrown.ri.gov by clicking on the Grant Opportunities
tab on the left side of the webpage.

DEM awarded $183,586 in farm viability grants last fall for a wide range of
purposes, such as enhancing food safety practices among farmers and produce
vendors at farmers' markets; increasing the consumption of specialty crops by
the Latino population and decreasing obesity rates among participating families;
and supporting agricultural research at Rhode Island College on the honeybee
population. Any Rhode Island agricultural or educational association or
organization, individual farmer, or resident is eligible to apply. Grant
applications and projects must further the competitiveness of specialty crops as
broadly as possible in Rhode Island, and not just serve to enhance individual
farm viability pursuant to USDA program guidelines. Grant funds will not be
awarded for projects that solely benefit a particular commercial product or
provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or individual. Single
organizations, institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as
project partners.

A downloadable application is available on DEM/Agriculture website at
www.rigrown.ri.gov by clicking on "Grant Opportunities" on the left side of the
homepage. For grant-related questions, contact Peter Susi, deputy chief of DEM's
Division of Agriculture at 222-2781, ext. 4517. Applications accompanied by a W9
form must be postmarked no later than March 31, 2015 and sent to DEM's Division
of Agriculture, Room 370, 235 Promenade Street, Providence, RI 02908 to be
considered. Grant proposals will be reviewed by the DEM Agricultural Advisory
Committee, which will make funding recommendations to the Department.

The 3,327 green industry businesses in Rhode Island sustain 15,826 jobs and
contribute $2.5 billion annually to our state's economy. On top of these
economic benefits, agriculture also contributes to tourism, open space, quality
of life, and access to local foods and horticultural products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Udall, Heinrich Announce More Than $550,000 to Strengthen Markets for New Mexico
Produce

LENGTH: 1026  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Udall, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced $550,750 in grants
to strengthen markets for New Mexico produce by providing tools and resources to
help agricultural producers successfully enhance their competitiveness and
expand their operations.

The funding is being awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
Specialty Block Grant Program, and grants will be administered through the USDA
Agricultural Marketing Service. The grants are authorized through the 2014 Farm
Bill, which Udall and Heinrich strongly supported.

The New Mexico Department of Agriculture will receive funding to support nine
projects to expand markets for specialty crops including chile, organic apples
and onions; to address food safety research needs; and to expand access to
fruits and vegetables throughout the state. Funded projects include measures to
enhance exposure and awareness of New Mexico specialty crop foods, expand sales
of specialty crops to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
recipients in low-income communities, provide military veterans with training to
learn to grow specialty crops, and increase opportunities for the development of
sustainable nurseries in Native communities.

"From chile to organic apples, New Mexico's fruit and vegetable crops support
local growers and their families and boost the economy in communities throughout
our state," Udall said. "This funding will help to enhance the scale and
competitiveness of the markets for New Mexico's unique crops by providing
producers with resources to improve their operations and sell their products to
new consumers, and I will keep pushing for continued investments to help farmers
throughout our state to expand their operations."

"Our fruits and vegetables industry contributes $500 million to New Mexico's
economy, and these funds will help our farmers improve their production and make
them more competitive both locally and across the country," Heinrich said. "New
Mexico has a proud history of agriculture, and these investments will give our
farmers the support they need to keep the industry strong and produce the foods
that are so important to our way of life."

The following projects will receive funding:

- Expanding Herbicide Options for Chile Pepper Production in New Mexico:
$30,000. The New Mexico Department of Agriculture will partner with New Mexico
State University to expand weed control options available to chile pepper
growers in New Mexico by determining crop injury to post-direct, shielded
applications of flumioxazin in direct-seeded chile pepper.

- Organic Apple High Density Planting in New Mexico: $27,242. The New Mexico
Department of Agriculture will partner with New Mexico State University to
demonstrate the potential of organic apple high density planting and to evaluate
its possible challenges in New Mexico by evaluating rootstocks and recommend
suitable rootstocks for high density organic apple production in New Mexico;
employing the tall spindle system and examine the challenges of using this
system in organic high density apple production in New Mexico; and disseminating
the results to growers through publications, field days, and presentations at
conferences.

- Conducting Promotional Activities for New Mexico Specialty Crops Throughout
the Food and Beverage Industry: $102,650. This funding will help to increase New
Mexico specialty crop sales and consumer awareness by enhancing the exposure and
awareness of New Mexico specialty crop food and beverage products to at least 40
New Mexico companies involved with specialty crops through in-state promotions.

- Promoting New Mexico Onions and Other Specialty Crops at the Produce Marketing
Association Fresh Summit: $125,000. The New Mexico Department of Agriculture
will partner with the New Mexico Dry Onion Commission to increase sales of New
Mexico specialty crops through participation in 2014 and 2015 trade shows.

- Fresh Market Green Chile Market Development and Promotion 2014-2015: $75,000.
This funding will help to increase the market share of New Mexico Green Chiles
by identifying new markets, stores in each market and volume sold with focus on
regional and national expansion during the 2015-2016 harvest through: webinars,
roasting programs, technical seminars, in-store demonstrations and educational
outreach regarding heat levels.

- It's SNAP Increasing Specialty Crop Sales through Improved SNAP Usage at NM
Farmers' Markets and Farm Stands: $81,654. The New Mexico Department of
Agriculture will partner with the New Mexico Farmers' Marketing Association to
increase sales of specialty crops among low-income Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP) recipients in four low-income/low-access counties (Rio
Arriba, San Miguel, Dona Ana and Hidalgo) by developing and hosting trainings,
providing seminars, and implementing a targeted multi-media advertising campaign
for locally grown specialty crops.

- Taos Veterans Farmers Project (TVFP): $12,785. The New Mexico Department of
Agriculture will partner with Not Forgotten Outreach to increase sales of
specialty crops grown by new specialty crop (veteran) farmers through the
implementation of a military veteran training program that that prepares them to
grow and profit from specialty crop production.

- Administration: $44,328. This funding will help to ensure that the State
Agency and sub-awardees abide by Federal and State requirements and regulations
by performing pre-award and post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program funding.

- Sustainable Native Plant Nurseries in Native Communities: $46,658. The New
Mexico Department of Agriculture will partner with Rio Puerco Alliance to
increase economic opportunities for Zia, Laguna, and Tri-chapter area of Eastern
Navajo tribes through developing sustainable nurseries that will provide local
culturally appropriate jobs by growing native plants that can be sold locally to
larger nurseries.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: More Than $1 Million in Federal Grants Awarded to Help Grow
Pennsylvania's Specialty Crop Industry

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Twenty Pennsylvania projects were awarded nearly $1,045,000 in federal grants to
increase the visibility and market share of the state's produce, nursery,
horticultural and nut products.

The federal grants are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, authorized under the federal Farm Bill.

"Specialty crops are an important part of Pennsylvania's diverse agricultural
industry and vital to its future," said Agriculture Secretary George Greig.
"This million-dollar investment in a $1 billion industry funds groundbreaking
research and other projects that strengthen our farms and improve food access
and quality. The advancements we make here can be applied across the world."

The 20 funded projects address a range of agriculture industry priorities,
including food safety, marketing, nutrition and sustainability.

Grant recipients are selected by a state-appointed specialty crop advisory board
and approved by the state agriculture secretary. Applications are then
collectively submitted for approval to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Marketing Service.

Grant recipients include:

American Mushroom Institute: $60,000 for expanding training for grower best
practices and food safety;
    The Food Trust: $40,000 to partner with local farmers and a school district
to use cosmetically-imperfect foods in farm-to-school programs;
    National Peach Council: $63,000 to partner with the Pennsylvania Peach and
Nectarine Research Program to promote Pennsylvania peaches for the campaign's
second year;
    Pennsylvania Wine Association: $40,000 to develop 12 "Wine Trail Weekend"
itineraries that enhance the Pennsylvania agritourism experience;
    Pennsylvania Apple Marketing Program: $30,000 for marketing research to help
promote processed apple products;
    Pennsylvania Cooperative Potato Growers: $100,305 to identify the best
potato varieties for partial-frying;
    Pennsylvania Farm Link: $23,924 for farm succession workshops, information
and assistance for western Pennsylvania specialty crop growers.

In addition, the Pennsylvania State University received six grants of:

·         $32,427 for research to improve tomato yield and quality through
drip-irrigation fertilization;

·         $77,645 for sustainable production, pest management and marketing
education programming for minority and beginning specialty crop producers;

·         $49,000 to better understand the effect of pesticide applications on
fruit crop pollinators to improve apple and other fruit integrated pest
management programs;

·         $59,786 to evaluate treating tomato and pepper seeds to protect plants
against pests to decrease pesticide use;

·         $50,000 to increase onion yields by educating onion growers about
pathogen management;

·         $73,000 to find ways to more quickly and effectively test and identify
pests and pathogens that threaten Pennsylvania's specialty crops.

More than $240,000 was awarded to the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture's
bureaus of food distribution, food safety, market development and plant
industry. The grants will allow these bureaus to increase food safety practices
among specialty crop producers, markets for fresh and locally-grown foods in
underserved areas through food assistance for food insecure individuals and
families, and sound business practices for producers through PAgrows. They also
will train York County's Amish and Mennonite vegetable growers in integrated
pest management techniques.

Since 2007, Pennsylvania has received $6.5 million in funding through the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, supporting 138 projects that further the
state's specialty crops industry.

Pennsylvania ranks in the top 16 states for specialty crops investment.

This year the U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded grants totaling $118
million for 839 projects in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and four
U.S. Territories.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2015

Specialty Crop Grant Applications Due May 1

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 245  words


To help develop and promote the state's specialty crops, the Colorado Department
of Agriculture (CDA) is seeking proposals for the Specialty Crops Block Grant
Program. Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, and
nursery crops including floriculture and sod. Grant applications are due on May
1 by 5:00 p.m.

Colorado's specialty crops represent approximately nine percent of Colorado's
total agricultural cash receipts. In 2013, cash receipts from specialty crops
totaled more than $627 million.

The grant program is funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
which partners with state departments of agriculture to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crop producers in areas such as marketing,
promotion, education, - research, trade and nutrition.

Colorado's allotment for 2015 is $712,000. Approved projects will start early in
2016. Producer groups, organizations, and associations, as well as state and
local organizations, academia and other specialty crops stakeholders are
eligible to apply either as single entities or in combined efforts. Proposals
submitted by individual producers must demonstrate that the potential impact of
the project will accrue to a broader group of similar producers, region or
industry segment.

Proposals must be received electronically by close of business (5:00 p.m.) on
May 1, 2015. For more information and an application, visit
www.colorado.gov/ag/specialtycropgrant or call (303) 869-9173.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Kiowa County Press


                              158 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: More Than $1 Million in Federal Grants Awarded to Help Grow
Pennsylvania's Specialty Crop Industry

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Twenty Pennsylvania projects were awarded nearly $1,045,000 in federal grants to
increase the visibility and market share of the state's produce, nursery,
horticultural and nut products.

The federal grants are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, authorized under the federal Farm Bill.

"Specialty crops are an important part of Pennsylvania's diverse agricultural
industry and vital to its future," said Agriculture Secretary George Greig.
"This million-dollar investment in a $1 billion industry funds groundbreaking
research and other projects that strengthen our farms and improve food access
and quality. The advancements we make here can be applied across the world."

The 20 funded projects address a range of agriculture industry priorities,
including food safety, marketing, nutrition and sustainability.

Grant recipients are selected by a state-appointed specialty crop advisory board
and approved by the state agriculture secretary. Applications are then
collectively submitted for approval to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Marketing Service.

Grant recipients include:

American Mushroom Institute: $60,000 for expanding training for grower best
practices and food safety;
    The Food Trust: $40,000 to partner with local farmers and a school district
to use cosmetically-imperfect foods in farm-to-school programs;
    National Peach Council: $63,000 to partner with the Pennsylvania Peach and
Nectarine Research Program to promote Pennsylvania peaches for the campaign's
second year;
    Pennsylvania Wine Association: $40,000 to develop 12 "Wine Trail Weekend"
itineraries that enhance the Pennsylvania agritourism experience;
    Pennsylvania Apple Marketing Program: $30,000 for marketing research to help
promote processed apple products;
    Pennsylvania Cooperative Potato Growers: $100,305 to identify the best
potato varieties for partial-frying;
    Pennsylvania Farm Link: $23,924 for farm succession workshops, information
and assistance for western Pennsylvania specialty crop growers.

In addition, the Pennsylvania State University received six grants of:

·         $32,427 for research to improve tomato yield and quality through
drip-irrigation fertilization;

·         $77,645 for sustainable production, pest management and marketing
education programming for minority and beginning specialty crop producers;

·         $49,000 to better understand the effect of pesticide applications on
fruit crop pollinators to improve apple and other fruit integrated pest
management programs;

·         $59,786 to evaluate treating tomato and pepper seeds to protect plants
against pests to decrease pesticide use;

·         $50,000 to increase onion yields by educating onion growers about
pathogen management;

·         $73,000 to find ways to more quickly and effectively test and identify
pests and pathogens that threaten Pennsylvania's specialty crops.

More than $240,000 was awarded to the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture's
bureaus of food distribution, food safety, market development and plant
industry. The grants will allow these bureaus to increase food safety practices
among specialty crop producers, markets for fresh and locally-grown foods in
underserved areas through food assistance for food insecure individuals and
families, and sound business practices for producers through PAgrows. They also
will train York County's Amish and Mennonite vegetable growers in integrated
pest management techniques.

Since 2007, Pennsylvania has received $6.5 million in funding through the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, supporting 138 projects that further the
state's specialty crops industry.

Pennsylvania ranks in the top 16 states for specialty crops investment.

This year the U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded grants totaling $118
million for 839 projects in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and four
U.S. Territories.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: More Than $1 Million in Federal Grants Awarded to Help Grow
Pennsylvania's Specialty Crop Industry

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Twenty Pennsylvania projects were awarded nearly $1,045,000 in federal grants to
increase the visibility and market share of the state's produce, nursery,
horticultural and nut products.

The federal grants are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, authorized under the federal Farm Bill.

"Specialty crops are an important part of Pennsylvania's diverse agricultural
industry and vital to its future," said Agriculture Secretary George Greig.
"This million-dollar investment in a $1 billion industry funds groundbreaking
research and other projects that strengthen our farms and improve food access
and quality. The advancements we make here can be applied across the world."

The 20 funded projects address a range of agriculture industry priorities,
including food safety, marketing, nutrition and sustainability.

Grant recipients are selected by a state-appointed specialty crop advisory board
and approved by the state agriculture secretary. Applications are then
collectively submitted for approval to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Marketing Service.

Grant recipients include:

American Mushroom Institute: $60,000 for expanding training for grower best
practices and food safety;
    The Food Trust: $40,000 to partner with local farmers and a school district
to use cosmetically-imperfect foods in farm-to-school programs;
    National Peach Council: $63,000 to partner with the Pennsylvania Peach and
Nectarine Research Program to promote Pennsylvania peaches for the campaign's
second year;
    Pennsylvania Wine Association: $40,000 to develop 12 "Wine Trail Weekend"
itineraries that enhance the Pennsylvania agritourism experience;
    Pennsylvania Apple Marketing Program: $30,000 for marketing research to help
promote processed apple products;
    Pennsylvania Cooperative Potato Growers: $100,305 to identify the best
potato varieties for partial-frying;
    Pennsylvania Farm Link: $23,924 for farm succession workshops, information
and assistance for western Pennsylvania specialty crop growers.

In addition, the Pennsylvania State University received six grants of:

·         $32,427 for research to improve tomato yield and quality through
drip-irrigation fertilization;

·         $77,645 for sustainable production, pest management and marketing
education programming for minority and beginning specialty crop producers;

·         $49,000 to better understand the effect of pesticide applications on
fruit crop pollinators to improve apple and other fruit integrated pest
management programs;

·         $59,786 to evaluate treating tomato and pepper seeds to protect plants
against pests to decrease pesticide use;

·         $50,000 to increase onion yields by educating onion growers about
pathogen management;

·         $73,000 to find ways to more quickly and effectively test and identify
pests and pathogens that threaten Pennsylvania's specialty crops.

More than $240,000 was awarded to the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture's
bureaus of food distribution, food safety, market development and plant
industry. The grants will allow these bureaus to increase food safety practices
among specialty crop producers, markets for fresh and locally-grown foods in
underserved areas through food assistance for food insecure individuals and
families, and sound business practices for producers through PAgrows. They also
will train York County's Amish and Mennonite vegetable growers in integrated
pest management techniques.

Since 2007, Pennsylvania has received $6.5 million in funding through the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, supporting 138 projects that further the
state's specialty crops industry.

Pennsylvania ranks in the top 16 states for specialty crops investment.

This year the U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded grants totaling $118
million for 839 projects in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and four
U.S. Territories.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: Agricultural Researchers To Receive Quarter Million In Grant
Funding

LENGTH: 1608  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia  has issued the following news release:

The awards are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program. They are administered in West Virginia by the WVDA.

The grant program encourages cooperative efforts to integrate technology at the
farm level, improve marketing and promotion of locally grown specialty crops,
and increase production efficiency through research projects.
Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, herbs, horticulture goods, nursery
stock and value-added products.
The following projects (in no particular order) have been awarded grants for the
current funding cycle:

1. "Assessing Opportunities for Maple Syrup Production on Abandoned Mine Lands"
West Virginia University Research Corporation, $17,350, Monongalia County. This
project will examine sap quality from maples on mine lands and create
demonstration areas to showcase new potential sap extraction techniques and
increase West Virginia production of maple products.

2. "Cryopreservation of Honey Bee Germplasm"
West Virginia Queen Producers Association, $9,500, Jefferson County.
Cryopreserved honey bee germplasm can provide a resource for the preservation of
diversity and recovery of endangered populations.The project will preserve and
improve honey production by acquiring a complete system for cryopreservation of
honeybee germplasm, along with the appropriate knowledge to implement this
technology.

3. "KISRA Farm Expansion"
Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. (KISRA), $10,000, Kanawha
County. This SpecialtyCrop Block Grant will provide a scientific study assessing
the productivity and profitability of two growing systems of specialty crops
(hydroponics and vertical towers) while imparting valuable job skill sets in
urban and alternate growing systems. KISRA will partner with West Virginia State
University for this study and conduct the comparative analysis.

4. "Maple Syrup Producers Association"
West Virginia Maple Syrup Producers Association and West Virginia Department of
Agriculture, $7,200, statewide. With more than 1 million estimated untapped
trees in the state, according to a recent Cornell report, the inventory and
industry potential for maple syrup is just beginning to be uncovered in West
Virginia. The specialty crop block grant for this group will be used to develop
basic organizational development, create brand awareness for maple syrup, and
develop educational tools for the newly formed Association.

5. "Maximizing Profitability and Productivity for Sustainable Multiple Vegetable
Crop Production in West Virginia High Tunnels"
West Virginia State University Research and Development Corporation, $16,000,
Kanawha County. The project will undertake research with four growers to
investigate crops, production and economic returns on vegetables grown in high
tunnels to develop recommendations for high tunnels in West Virginia. Draft
production schedules and enterprise budgets will be produced as well as grower
training sessions for new and developing high tunnel producers.

6. "Mobile Vegetable Post Harvest Project"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture with assistance from Potomac State
University, $43,231, statewide. This project will develop a prototype mobile
wash unit that can be transported to farmers' markets and other crop aggregation
sites in West Virginia, connected with municipal and approved water sources and
allow access to farmers for safe post-harvest washing. The building blueprint
will focus on an economical design and be made available for replication in the
form of a how-to manual and will feature a unique partnership with the
Agriculture Mechanic students at Potomac State University.

7. "Pecan Production and Demonstration in West Virginia"
West Virginia State University, $14,000, Kanawha County. After the 1940s,
commercial production of pecans ceased in West Virginia. This represents a huge
opportunity for West Virginia small farmers and small forest landowners to
become the first to look at the re-introduction of pecan production. The project
are will educate landowners on the steps they would need to take to begin pecan
production and how to care for and maintain the pecan trees and the development
of pecan groves.

8. "Ritchie County Farmers Market Association Specialty Crop Production and
Market Storage Improvement Project"
Ritchie County Farmers Market Association, $10,000, Ritchie County. Grant funds
will be used to purchase a bed shaper/mulch layer, transplanter, mulch lifter,
and portable cooling trailer for local producers to use on a shared basis and
with a nominal fee. At the completion of the project, the market will experience
increased sales and provide additional specialty crop resources for the
community.

9. "Sage II - Perennial Produce"
CADCO Foundation dba Charleston Area Alliance, $16,000, Kanawha County. Due to
market demand from the past year, SAGE II will explore the growing of asparagus,
strawberries, artichoke, and horseradish at five different urban sites. The
program will determine which varieties grow the best as well as what conditions
produce the best produce for use at market. Varieties will be evaluated on ease
of planting and tending, amount of produce produced, ease of sale at market and
market value.

10. "Techniques for Increasing the Supply of Fresh, Locally Grown Produce in the
Tygarts Valley District"
Eastern West Virginia Community Action Agency, $12,000, Tucker County. The
Tygarts Valley District has many small farmers who seek to supplement their
income by growing produce for resale. Since farming is often an additional
enterprise for these individuals they often do not have the tools to maximize
their return, nor is it feasible for them to invest in equipment at such low
levels of production. This project will attempt to help with these problems by
providing some community equipment (i.e. water wheel planter) to be used to
local growers to improve their efficiency in transplanting bedding plants. The
other major component is a partnership with WVU Extension Service and Tucker
County High School to provide the education to the growers to help them improve
yields and efficiency.

11. "VineyardHillsOrchards"
GrowOhioValley,Inc., $25,000, Ohio County.
Throughaninnovativeland-usepartnership,thisprojectwilltransformahighlyvisiblebro
wnfieldintoa fertilebrambleandfruittreeorchard and intends
tofillagapingholeinunsatisfieddemandforlocalfreshfruits in the Wheeling area.
The
projectwillalsoprovideavenueforvocationalskillsandfarmingtechniquestrainingforne
wfarmersandeconomicallyandsociallydisadvantagedpopulations. Statewide: This
project continues several ongoing programs and introduces new trainings to
provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with the most recent training and
business development to increase their production and footprint on the state's
economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP training (8 hour introductory
course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum (for high school agriculture
instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food Safety Plan Writing workshop,
support of the specialty crop segment of the new agritourism course, Better
Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM] curriculums available to
agriculture and agriculture service providers throughout the state.

12. "West Virginia Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Producer Education
2014-2015"
West Virginia Department of Agriculture on behalf of state specialty crop
growers, $51,500, statewide. This project continues several ongoing programs and
introduces new trainings to provide West Virginia specialty crop producers with
the most recent training and business development to increase their production
and footprint on the state's economy. Courses and programs include GHP/GAP
training (8 hour introductory course), FSI: Food Safety Investigation curriculum
(for high school agriculture instructors), Recall/HACCP training, a new Food
Safety Plan Writing workshop, support of the specialty crop segment of the new
agritourism course, Better Process Control School (BPCS), and MarketReady[TM]
curriculums available to agriculture and agriculture service providers
throughout the state.

13. "West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Honey Production Project"
West Virginia Veterans to Agriculture Program, $15,000, statewide. Agriculture
and agribusiness enterprises have become popular activities for veterans
re-entering the workforce after their service commitment. The West Virginia
Veterans to Agriculture Program has been created to address the needs of these
farmers and boosts more than 100 active participants throughout the state. To
meet the demand for local honey and interest generated by veterans in this
enterprise, the project will train, provide basic processing resources and
increase participation in beekeeping throughout the state.

14. "Wildflowers for Honeybees"
West Central Beekeepers Association with the Calhoun County Commission, $3,100,
Calhoun County. West Central Beekeepers Association (WCBA) is made up of
beekeepers from Calhoun, Roane, and surrounding counties in West Virginia. The
project will seek to increase and stabilize the honey bee population in their
geographical area in an effort to produce more honey for sale and local crop
pollination. This will include the introduction of Honey Bee Wildflower Seed Mix
to be sown as an additional food source to expand the number of honey bees and
help stabilize their environment by providing appropriate food sources, enabling
them to survive

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Rhode Island: DEM Announces Availability of Farm Viability Grant Funds to
Enhance and Promote Rhode Isalnd Speciality Crops

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of Environmental Management, The State of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:

The Department of Environmental Management announces that $150,000 in farm
viability grant funding is available for projects that enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops grown in Rhode Island. The funds are from the
US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant program. Specialty
crops are defined by this federally-supported program as fruits and vegetables,
dried fruit, tree nuts, and nursery crops including floriculture, honey, hops
and turf grass production.

Grant awards will range from $10,000 to $50,000 with no direct match required.
Funding will be provided in two stages, with 50 percent of the monies given up
front and the remainder provided at the satisfactory completion of the project.
The grants may be used for projects of up to two years in duration.

Funds may be used for research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, trade
enhancement, food safety, food security, plant health, product development,
education, "buy local" initiatives, and for programs that provide for increased
consumption and innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of
distribution systems, environmental concerns and conservation, and development
of cooperatives. Grant funds may not be spent on construction projects.

"These grants will enhance our state's economy and environment by strengthening
markets for specialty crops grown in Rhode Island," said Governor Gina Raimondo.
"The economic impact from green-industry businesses in Rhode Island is
tremendous, and we look forward to funding a host of innovative projects that
support local agriculture and our food economy through this grant program."

DEM's Division of Agriculture oversees or supports numerous efforts designed to
maintain the viability of farming in Rhode Island, including locally-produced
milk, meats and locally-harvested seafood, farmers' markets, and buy local
programs.

DEM Director Janet Coit said, "These grants will promote the long-term viability
of agriculture in our state and help sustain the livelihood of Rhode Island
farmers. Consumer demand for locally-grown products is constantly increasing.
This can be seen across the state, from the expansion of farmers' markets to the
promotion of delicious local produce, meats and seafood in our outstanding
restaurants.

"We want to remind farmers, fishers and local food advocates that approximately
$200,000 is also currently available in grant funding through the Local
Agriculture and Seafood Act (LASA) program," noted Ken Ayars, chief of DEM's
Division of Agriculture. "Between the LASA and Specialty Crop Block Grant
program there is over $350,000 in grant funding available through DEM to support
Rhode Island's local food economy." Applications for the LASA grants are due by
February 17. Information on LASA is available online on DEM's Division of
Agriculture website at www.rigrown.ri.gov by clicking on the Grant Opportunities
tab on the left side of the webpage.

DEM awarded $183,586 in farm viability grants last fall for a wide range of
purposes, such as enhancing food safety practices among farmers and produce
vendors at farmers' markets; increasing the consumption of specialty crops by
the Latino population and decreasing obesity rates among participating families;
and supporting agricultural research at Rhode Island College on the honeybee
population. Any Rhode Island agricultural or educational association or
organization, individual farmer, or resident is eligible to apply. Grant
applications and projects must further the competitiveness of specialty crops as
broadly as possible in Rhode Island, and not just serve to enhance individual
farm viability pursuant to USDA program guidelines. Grant funds will not be
awarded for projects that solely benefit a particular commercial product or
provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or individual. Single
organizations, institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as
project partners.

A downloadable application is available on DEM/Agriculture website at
www.rigrown.ri.gov by clicking on "Grant Opportunities" on the left side of the
homepage. For grant-related questions, contact Peter Susi, deputy chief of DEM's
Division of Agriculture at 222-2781, ext. 4517. Applications accompanied by a W9
form must be postmarked no later than March 31, 2015 and sent to DEM's Division
of Agriculture, Room 370, 235 Promenade Street, Providence, RI 02908 to be
considered. Grant proposals will be reviewed by the DEM Agricultural Advisory
Committee, which will make funding recommendations to the Department.

The 3,327 green industry businesses in Rhode Island sustain 15,826 jobs and
contribute $2.5 billion annually to our state's economy. On top of these
economic benefits, agriculture also contributes to tourism, open space, quality
of life, and access to local foods and horticultural products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

Specialty crop growers can apply for grants to boost their businesses;
MDA offers workshops to assist with grant applications

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 271  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has received $700,000 in federal
funding to help promote and enhance the specialty crop industry. Fruit,
vegetable and other specialty crop farmers can apply for Specialty Crop Block
Grants to help them compete in today's marketplace. Grant projects may include
outreach to increase consumers' nutritional knowledge about specialty crops,
assistance in the development of good agricultural practices, investment into
specialty crop research, development of new and improved seed varieties, and
pest and disease control.

MDA Marketing and Development Director Mary Hanks says growers of fruits,
vegetables, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, tree nuts, flowers, and
nursery plants are eligible to apply.

"We encourage those in specialty crop production to apply for these grants that
support and further promote their industry," said Hanks. "I'd also encourage
industry representatives to attend one of our scheduled workshops to learn more
about the application process."

The workshops will be held from 1-3 p.m. Friday, Feb. 3, at the Courtyard
Marriott, 1080 28th Avenue South, Moorhead, and from 1-3 p.m. Monday, Feb. 6, at
the MDA offices, 625 North Robert Street, St. Paul.

MDA will accept grant applications through April 20, 2012.

A list of eligible and ineligible commodities can be found at
www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp. A grant manual is available on the MDA website at
www.mda.state.mn.usl grantslgrantslspecialty.aspx.

Questions regarding the grant program or the application process can be directed
to David Weinand at (651) 201-6646, or e-mail David. Weinand@state.mn.us

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Tri-County News


                              163 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 23, 2015

Deadline approaching for specialty crop grant applications

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 268  words


BISMARCK - The application deadline for the 2015 Specialty Crop Grants is April
30.

"North Dakota has been granted $2.3 million to promote the production,
processing and use of specialty crops," said Agriculture Commissioner Doug
Goehring. "Individuals, organizations and institutions are invited to submit
proposals, either on their own or in partnerships."

The funding from USDA's Agriculture Marketing Service can only be used for
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops and benefit
the specialty crop industry as a whole. Projects must benefit more than one
commercial product, organization, institution or individual.

Specialty crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture." Specialty crops
grown commercially in North Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils,
confection sunflowers, potatoes, grapes, honey and various vegetables.

An information manual with application instructions, scoring criteria and an
application template can be found on the North Dakota Department of Agriculture
website at www.nd.gov/ndda/program/specialty-crop-block-grant-program.

Applications must be submitted in electronic form by 4 p.m. CDT, Thursday, April
30. An external review committee will review and score the applications and
submit them to the Agriculture Commissioner for approval. They will then be
forwarded to USDA for final approval. The grants will be awarded in late fall or
early winter.

Goehring said persons needing more information should contact Emily Edlund at
(701) 328-2191 or edlund@nd.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Billings County Pioneer


                              164 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Advancement

LENGTH: 294  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces that funds are
available for Specialty Crop Block Grants.









 The funds can be used for marketing, promotion, research, food safety,
nutrition, distribution and best management practices to advance the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are generally defined as fruits, nuts,
vegetables, honey and some turf and ornamental crops. A full list of specialty
crops is also available on the SDDA website http://sdda.sd.gov/.





 "These grants give farmers a way to increase the demand for the specialty crops
they're already growing," said SDDA Grant and Loan Specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of specialty crops
and contributing to South Dakota's greater agricultural economy."

 Stakeholders have identified this year's top priorities as enhancing the
competitiveness of specialty crops through increased sales, increased
consumption and sustainable practices of specialty crop production.

 Applications should be submitted via email to kimberly.deschepper@state.sd.us
and four printed copies including an original must be mailed to SDDA at 523 E
Capitol Avenue, Pierre, SD 57501. Applications are due May 1, 2017.







 For additional information please contact Kimberly DeSchepper, grant and loan
specialist, at 605-773-4516 or visit her at SDDA 's Ag Development Office at 523
E Capitol Ave Pierre, SD 57501.







 Agriculture is a major contributor to South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6
billion in annual economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 23, 2015

Deadline approaching for specialty crop grant applications

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 271  words


BISMARCK -- The application deadline for the 2015 Specialty Crop Grants is less
than two weeks away.

"North Dakota has been granted $2.3 million to promote the production,
processing and use of specialty crops," said Agriculture Commissioner Doug
Goehring. "Individuals, organizations and institutions are invited to submit
proposals, either on their own or in partnerships."

The funding from USDA's Agriculture Marketing Service can only be used for
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops and benefit
the specialty crop industry as a whole. Projects must benefit more than one
commercial product, organization, institution or individual.

Specialty crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture." Specialty crops
grown commercially in North Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils,
confection sunflowers, potatoes, grapes, honey and various vegetables.

An information manual with application instructions, scoring criteria and an
application template can be found on the North Dakota Department of Agriculture
website at www.nd.gov/ndda/program/specialty-crop-block-grant-program.

Applications must be submitted in electronic form by 4 p.m. CDT, Thursday, April
30. An external review committee will review and score the applications and
submit them to the Agriculture Commissioner for approval. They will then be
forwarded to USDA for final approval. The grants will be awarded in late fall or
early winter. Goehring said persons needing more information should contact
Emily Edlund at (701) 328-2191 or edlund@nd.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Valley News & Views


                              166 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Advancement

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces that funds are
available for Specialty Crop Block Grants.









 The funds can be used for marketing, promotion, research, food safety,
nutrition, distribution and best management practices to advance the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are generally defined as fruits, nuts,
vegetables, honey and some turf and ornamental crops. A full list of specialty
crops is also available on the SDDA website http://sdda.sd.gov/.





 "These grants give farmers a way to increase the demand for the specialty crops
they're already growing," said SDDA Grant and Loan Specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of specialty crops
and contributing to South Dakota's greater agricultural economy."

 Applications should be submitted via email to kimberly.deschepper@state.sd.us
and four printed copies including an original must be mailed to SDDA at 523 E
Capitol Avenue, Pierre, SD 57501. Applications are due May 1, 2017.







 For additional information please contact Kimberly DeSchepper, grant and loan
specialist, at 605-773-4516 or visit her at SDDA 's Ag Development Office at 523
E Capitol Ave Pierre, SD 57501.







 Agriculture is a major contributor to South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6
billion in annual economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans.
The South Dakota Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and
preserve this industry for today and tomorrow.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Advancement

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces that funds are
available for Specialty Crop Block Grants.









 The funds can be used for marketing, promotion, research, food safety,
nutrition, distribution and best management practices to advance the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are generally defined as fruits, nuts,
vegetables, honey and some turf and ornamental crops. A full list of specialty
crops is also available on the SDDA website http://sdda.sd.gov/.





 "These grants give farmers a way to increase the demand for the specialty crops
they're already growing," said SDDA Grant and Loan Specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of specialty crops
and contributing to South Dakota's greater agricultural economy."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 Applications should be submitted via email to kimberly.deschepper@state.sd.us
and four printed copies including an original must be mailed to SDDA at 523 E
Capitol Avenue, Pierre, SD 57501. Applications are due May 1, 2017.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Advancement

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces that funds are
available for Specialty Crop Block Grants.









 The funds can be used for marketing, promotion, research, food safety,
nutrition, distribution and best management practices to advance the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are generally defined as fruits, nuts,
vegetables, honey and some turf and ornamental crops. A full list of specialty
crops is also available on the SDDA website http://sdda.sd.gov/.





 "These grants give farmers a way to increase the demand for the specialty crops
they're already growing," said SDDA Grant and Loan Specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of specialty crops
and contributing to South Dakota's greater agricultural economy."

 Applications should be submitted via email to kimberly.deschepper@state.sd.us
and four printed copies including an original must be mailed to SDDA at 523 E
Capitol Avenue, Pierre, SD 57501. Applications are due May 1, 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 23, 2015

Deadline Approaching for Specialty;
Crop Grant Applications

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 272  words


BISMARCK - The application deadline for the 2015 Specialty Crop Grants is less
than two weeks away.

"North Dakota has been granted $2."3' million to' promote the production,
processing and use of specialty crops," said Agriculture Commissioner Doug
Goehring. "Individuals, organizations and institutions are invited to submit
proposals, either on their own or in partnerships."

The funding from USDA's Agriculture Marketing Service can only be used for
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops and benefit
the specialty crop industry as a whole. Projects must benefit more than one
commercial product, organization, institution or individual.

Specialty crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture." Specialty crops
grown commercially in North Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils,
confection sunflowers, potatoes, grapes, honey and various vegetables.

An information manual with application instructions, scoring criteria and an
application template can be found on the North Dakota Department of Agriculture
website at www.nd.gov/ndda/program/specialty-crop-block-grant-program.

Applications must be submit-., ted in electronic form by 4 p.m. CDT, Thursday,
April 30. An external review committee will review and score the applications
and submit them to the Agriculture Commissioner for approval. They will then be
forwarded to USDA for final approval. The grants will be awarded in late fall or
early winter.

Goehring said persons needing more information should contact Emily Edlund at
(701) 328-2191 or edlund@nd.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2015 Oakes Times


                              170 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 7, 2010 Sunday

BRIEF: Funding available for specialty crops

BYLINE: Ann Marie Ames, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


Feb. 7--A note from the Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation's Ag Newswire:

If you have an idea to make Wisconsin's specialty crops more competitive in the
domestic or international marketplace, you might qualify for a grant to help
turn that idea into reality.

The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade & Consumer Protection will accept
applications until 4 p.m. Thursday, April 1, 2010 for competitive process grants
under USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

Eligible projects will enhance the competitiveness of Wisconsin specialty crops
in either domestic or foreign markets and must provide a benefit to more than
just the applicant.

Specialty crops include: fruits, vegetables, culinary herbs and spices,
medicinal plants, tree nuts, flowers, and nursery plants.

For a complete updated list of acceptable crops, click here. Additional
information and complete application materials are available online here .

For questions about the grant program or completing the application, contact
Juli Speck by e-mailing juli.speck@wi.gov or calling (608) 224-5134.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100207-JG-BRF-Funding-available-for-specialty-crops-0207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              171 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        June 24, 2012 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

United Fresh Produce Association: Fruits and Vegetables Advance in Senate Farm
Bill

LENGTH: 630  words


New Delhi, June 24 -- United Fresh congratulates the Senate today on the passage
of the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2012 with a vote of 64-35. The
passage comes after a two-day consideration of more than 70 amendments, pared
down from nearly 300 that were submitted. The bill addresses many priorities
critical to United Fresh members, including programs supporting essential
research, market promotion and nutrition, and continues their support of
specialty crops that was established in the 2008 Farm Bill.

"We congratulate the Senate Agriculture Committee and Senate Leadership for
prioritizing this legislation which is so important to the nation's produce
providers," said Tom Stenzel, United Fresh president and CEO. "The bill supports
fruits and vegetables in ways that will boost consumption and help provide
healthful options to Americans - through block grants, nutrition programs and
pest and disease research. We're looking forward to working with the House to
preserve funding for these critical fruit and vegetable programs."

The bill maintains 2008 levels of funding for the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable
Program (FFVP), a victory for the more than 3 million school children who
receive a fresh fruit or vegetable snack from the program each day. United
helped to spearhead creation of the FFVP as an effective way to improve child
nutrition, promote consumption of fruits and vegetables and encourage long-term
healthy eating habits.

Additionally, United is pleased by the Senate's acceptance of an amendment,
sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), which calls for a feasibility study
of insurance products that could cover recalls, quarantines and market
disruptions.

"It's gratifying to see the Senate Agriculture Committee and the full Senate
show such strong support for these important produce industry priorities," said
Robert Guenther, United's senior vice president of public policy. "We commend
the Senate for maintaining their support for programs important to the produce
industry and moving through consideration of the bill so quickly."

As a member of the Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance, United worked closely with
senators and produce industry stakeholders to secure support for several
programs of particular importance to the fresh fruit and vegetable industry. The
nearly 1000-page bill passed by the Senate includes key specialty crop industry
priorities such as research, pest and disease mitigation, trade, nutrition, and
other programs that enhance the ability of producers to be competitive and meet
the needs of American consumers. Highlights of the bill include:

* Specialty Crop Block Grants funded at $70 million per year

* Specialty Crop Research Initiative funded at $25 million in FY13; $30 million
in FY14-15; $65 million in FY16; $50 million in FY17

* Plant Pest and Disease Program funded at $60 million in FY13-16 and $65
million in FY17

* Market Access Program and Technical Assistance for Specialty Crops fully
funded at 2008 Farm Bill levels

* Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program fully funded at 2008 Farm Bill levels

* Hunger-Free Communities Grant Program for fruit and vegetable SNAP incentives

* Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program

* Section 32 specialty crop purchases funded at 2008 Farm Bill levels

* DoD Fresh program fully funded at $50 million per year consistent with 2008
levels

"The Senate has sent a strong signal to the House that this legislation deserves
to be acted on quickly, and we encourage the House to move forward as soon as
possible. United will continue to work with Congress to provide the produce
industry perspective and raise awareness of the issues most important to our
members," stated Guenther.

The House Agriculture Committee is expected to release their version of the bill
in July.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 814 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Grants for specialty crops available in Colorado through USDA

BYLINE: Amy Gillentine

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301  words


To help develop and promote the state?s specialty crops, the Colorado Department
of Agriculture is seeking proposals for the Specialty Crops Block Grant Program.

Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, dried fruits and nursery
crops including floriculture and sod.

"Specialty crops are an important part of Colorado's agriculture industry," said
Tom Lipetzky, CDA's Markets Division Director. "These funds will help develop
and promote the state's diverse specialty crops. "

Colorado's specialty crops represent approximately 11 percent of Colorado's
total agricultural cash receipts. In 2010, cash receipts from specialty crops
totaled more than $645 million.

The grant program is funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which
partners with state departments of agriculture to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crop producers in areas such as marketing, promotion, education,
research, trade and nutrition.

"The department must submit a request outlining projects to the USDA in order to
receive these funds," continued Lipetzky. "This application process will help
determine which projects are included in our application to the USDA. "

CDA anticipates that more than $680,000 will be available to support the
specialty crop grant, and money is expected to be available for projects to
start early in 2013. Producer groups, organizations and associations, as well as
state and local organizations, academia and other specialty crops stakeholders
are eligible to apply. Proposals submitted by individual producers must
demonstrate that the potential impact of the project will accrue to a broader
group of similar producers, region or industry segment.

Proposals must be received by April 4, 2012. For more information and an
application, visit the CDA website or call (303) 239-4117.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Minnesota: MDA grants fund specialty crop projects

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $1 million in grant
funding to specialty crop growers in the state to help them compete in today's
marketplace. Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, and horticultural and nursery crops. In 2015, specialty crops accounted
for roughly 6% of all crop production in Minnesota. The MDA's Specialty Crop
Block Grant (SCBG) Program receives funding under the current Farm Bill.


 "These grants give farmers, producers, and researchers a way to increase the
demand for the specialty crops they're already growing," said MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of
specialty crops and contributing to Minnesota's greater agricultural economy.
It's exciting to see so many innovative projects receive funding."
 A variety of projects have been awarded grants, from breeding short season
specialty crop varieties to statewide marketing campaigns and pest mitigation
research. In addition to growers, government agencies, non-profit organizations,
and universities all received funding to further a specialty crop industry or
segment through the SCBG Program.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2017 Saturday

Minnesota: MDA grants fund specialty crop projects

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $1 million in grant
funding to specialty crop growers in the state to help them compete in today's
marketplace. Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, and horticultural and nursery crops. In 2015, specialty crops accounted
for roughly 6% of all crop production in Minnesota. The MDA's Specialty Crop
Block Grant (SCBG) Program receives funding under the current Farm Bill.


 "These grants give farmers, producers, and researchers a way to increase the
demand for the specialty crops they're already growing," said MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of
specialty crops and contributing to Minnesota's greater agricultural economy.
It's exciting to see so many innovative projects receive funding."
 A variety of projects have been awarded grants, from breeding short season
specialty crop varieties to statewide marketing campaigns and pest mitigation
research. In addition to growers, government agencies, non-profit organizations,
and universities all received funding to further a specialty crop industry or
segment through the SCBG Program.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Minnesota: MDA grants fund specialty crop projects

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has awarded $1 million in grant
funding to specialty crop growers in the state to help them compete in today's
marketplace. Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, and horticultural and nursery crops. In 2015, specialty crops accounted
for roughly 6% of all crop production in Minnesota. The MDA's Specialty Crop
Block Grant (SCBG) Program receives funding under the current Farm Bill.


 "These grants give farmers, producers, and researchers a way to increase the
demand for the specialty crops they're already growing," said MDA Grants
Coordinator David Weinand. "This year's projects are maximizing the value of
specialty crops and contributing to Minnesota's greater agricultural economy.
It's exciting to see so many innovative projects receive funding."
 A variety of projects have been awarded grants, from breeding short season
specialty crop varieties to statewide marketing campaigns and pest mitigation
research. In addition to growers, government agencies, non-profit organizations,
and universities all received funding to further a specialty crop industry or
segment through the SCBG Program.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday

BRIEF: Grants available for specialty crops

BYLINE: The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 197 words


Mar. 9--ST. PAUL -- Specialty crop growers in Minnesota can now apply for the
2010 Specialty Crop Block Grant program through the Minnesota Department of
Agriculture (MDA). The grants help growers of specialty crops, such as fruits,
vegetables and nursery plants compete in today's marketplace. Minnesota's
federal allocation for the grants is more than $797,000.

A list of eligible and ineligible commodities can be found at

www.ams.usda.gov/AMS v1.0/scbgp. MDA will accept grant applications through
April 1.

A grant manual is available on the MDA website at www.mda.
state.mn.us/grants/grants /specialty.aspx.

Questions regarding the grant program or the application process can be directed
to Amanda Baesler, at (651) 201-6680, or email: Amanda.baesler @state.mn.us.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100309-QG-BRF-Grants-available-for-specialty-crops-0309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                              177 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

DelBene Introduces Bipartisan Resolution to Support Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Suzan DelBene, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today introduced a bipartisan resolution
supporting specialty crops, highlighting the vital role they play in America's
agricultural industry and calling for increased support of specialty crop
programs.

"Whether it's red raspberries, blueberries, potatoes or any number of different
fruits and vegetables grown by our local farmers, specialty crops play a
critical part in Western Washington's economy. This resolution is an
acknowledgement of the significant affect specialty crops play both in the local
and national economy," DelBene said. "Serving as the Ranking Member on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, I will
continue to be a tireless advocate for specialty crop programs and other
job-creating investments that ensure we have a vibrant local agricultural
industry."

The resolution highlights the growing and increasingly significant role that
specialty crops play in America's agricultural industry. It calls for increasing
support for specialty crops and builds on the progress made by the 2014 Farm
Bill through key priorities such as opening new markets abroad and funding
research that helps improve crop yields and food safety.

Nationally, the annual value of specialty crops totals more than $60 billion,
with about $14 billion in exports. Whatcom County leads the nation in red
raspberry production and specialty crops account for more than $100 million of
the roughly $326 million in agricultural sales there. In addition, agriculture
is the leading industry in Skagit County and more than 90 different specialty
crops are grown in the county alone. Washington's First District has more than
4,000 farms growing dozens of specialty crops which supply local farmers
markets, restaurants and consumers with quality, fresh, locally grown food.

Reps. Kurt Schrader (OR-05), Dan Newhouse (WA-04), Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18),
Dan Benishek (MI-01), Denny Heck (WA-10), Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM-01), Joe
Courtney (CT-02), Anne M. Kuster (NH-02), Juan Vargas (CA-51), Dave Reichert
(WA-08), Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) and John Garamendi (CA-03) are original
cosponsors of the resolution.

"Whether grown for consumers here at home or exported to our trading partners in
markets overseas, specialty crops are the backbone of Central Washington's
agricultural economy," said Rep. Newhouse, who serves with DelBene on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research. "I am
committed to advocating on behalf of specialty crop growers across our country,
and I thank Representative DelBene for reintroducing this bipartisan resolution
to recognize the vital contribution they provide for our communities and our way
of life."

The text of the resolution follows:

Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a
vital part of agriculture in the United States, and that Congress should fund
programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of
agriculture in the United States.

Whereas specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops including floriculture;

Whereas farmers in the United States grow more than 350 types of fruit,
vegetable, tree nut, flower, nursery, and other horticultural crops;

Whereas the yearly value of specialty crop production totals nearly $60 billion
which accounts for about one fourth of all domestic crop value;

Whereas sales of fresh and processed fruits and vegetables total nearly
$100,000,000,000 annually;

Whereas combined exports of specialty crops grown in the United States totaled
about $14 billion as recently as 2013, which accounts for about 10 percent of
all agricultural exports from the United States;

Whereas there are about 245,000 farms that grow a variety of specialty crops;

Whereas specialty crop production is most highly concentrated in California,
Florida, Washington, Oregon, North Dakota, and Michigan, however all fifty
states have at least some specialty crop production;

Whereas the Agricultural Act of 2014, (P.L. 113-79), also referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill, included unprecedented and historic amounts of funding for
critical programs such as the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Specialty
Crop Research Initiative, and the National

Clean Plant Network;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative, established under section 412 of the Agricultural Research,
Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632), received mandatory
funding through Fiscal Year 2018 and beyond in the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the National Clean Plant Network,
established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of
2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014 Farm
Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014
Farm Bill;

Whereas many important agriculture programs did not, however, receive mandatory
funding under the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas it is paramount that Congress builds on the progress of the 2014 Farm
Bill to provide funding for these programs in future Farm Bills, so as to
provide certainty to farmers across the United States;

Whereas overall spending on specialty crops still remains a small percentage of
all funding for crops however, even taking into account mandatory and
discretionary funding combined;

Whereas specialty crops are not eligible for many of the traditional support
programs that benefit producers of other crops;

Whereas programs that support specialty crops are generally available to all
crops, while the opposite is true of specific commodity crops;

Whereas fruits and vegetables like red raspberries, almonds, apples, apricots,
avocados, bananas, beans, blueberries, citrus, cherries, cranberries, figs,
grapes, macadamia nuts, nectarines, onions, papayas, peaches, pecans, peppers,
plums, potatoes, pumpkins, sweet corn, certain tomatoes,

walnuts, asparagus, beets, strawberries, broccoli, and carrots are just a few of
the hundreds of specialty crops grown in the United States;

Whereas specialty crops are a driving force in promoting a healthier country and
are part of a healthy, balanced diet that can help consumers reach recommended
dietary goals, which call for half of plates to be fruits and vegetables;

Whereas the number of farms producing and sales of fruits, berries, and tree
nuts in the United States is steadily increasing;

Whereas according to the most recent census data published by the Census of
Agriculture in 2012, 106,000 farms produced fruits, tree nuts, and berries with
a total value of $25,900,000,000, an increase of $7,300,000,000 in 5 years;

Whereas the Census shows an increase in the value of sales for vegetables,
potatoes and melons from $14,700,000,000 in 2007 to $16,900,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas the value of nursery, greenhouse, and floriculture sales represented
$14,500,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas it is evident that specialty crops are an increasingly important part of
agriculture in the United States; and

Whereas specialty crops deserve their fair share of consideration and funding in
agriculture generally, but especially in the annual appropriations process and
future Farm Bills: Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, that it is the sense of the House of Representatives that --

(1) specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture in the United States; and

(2) Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and
important part of agriculture in the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Grant funding to expand agriculture

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 423 words


LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico Department of Agriculture is inviting New Mexicans
involved in agricultural production to apply for funding through one of two
grant programs.

Both programs aim to develop new markets and/or expand existing ones for
agricultural products grown in New Mexico, but the programs differ in their
respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. NMDA serves as the fiscal
agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Chile, onions, pecans, honey, greenhouse/nursery crops, lavender - they're all
examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects built
around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia Frost,
the NMDA marketing specialist who administers New Mexico's share of the federal
funds.

USDA's definition and list of eligible specialty crops is at 1.usa.gov/18wggxV.

The deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is 5 p.m.
MST April 20. Funding is expected to become available on October 1. Under
Specialty Crops, project length varies from one to three years.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds Program (ADPFP). Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPFP places no
restrictions on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit. The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPFP is 5 p.m. MST April 29.

Funding is expected to become available July 1. Under ADPFP, project length
cannot exceed one year.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given greater consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, if they make good business sense in the long term.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to buy land, buildings, equipment,
or any other type of capital improvement. Also under both programs, funds are
paid on a reimbursement basis - meaning they're released only after the grantee
has submitted a progress report, as well as an invoice and corresponding
receipts.

The same project cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand the two grant programs and how to apply for them:

· Santa Fe: March 18 from 1 to 3 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (meeting room TBD), 1501
Paseo de Peralta

· Las Cruces: March 22 from 1 to 3 p.m., NMDA (Main Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street

Information: www.nmda.nmsu.edu or 575-646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

DelBene Introduces Bipartisan Resolution to Support Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Suzan DelBene, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today introduced a bipartisan resolution
supporting specialty crops, highlighting the vital role they play in America's
agricultural industry and calling for increased support of specialty crop
programs.

"Whether it's red raspberries, blueberries, potatoes or any number of different
fruits and vegetables grown by our local farmers, specialty crops play a
critical part in Western Washington's economy. This resolution is an
acknowledgement of the significant affect specialty crops play both in the local
and national economy," DelBene said. "Serving as the Ranking Member on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, I will
continue to be a tireless advocate for specialty crop programs and other
job-creating investments that ensure we have a vibrant local agricultural
industry."

The resolution highlights the growing and increasingly significant role that
specialty crops play in America's agricultural industry. It calls for increasing
support for specialty crops and builds on the progress made by the 2014 Farm
Bill through key priorities such as opening new markets abroad and funding
research that helps improve crop yields and food safety.

Nationally, the annual value of specialty crops totals more than $60 billion,
with about $14 billion in exports. Whatcom County leads the nation in red
raspberry production and specialty crops account for more than $100 million of
the roughly $326 million in agricultural sales there. In addition, agriculture
is the leading industry in Skagit County and more than 90 different specialty
crops are grown in the county alone. Washington's First District has more than
4,000 farms growing dozens of specialty crops which supply local farmers
markets, restaurants and consumers with quality, fresh, locally grown food.

Reps. Kurt Schrader (OR-05), Dan Newhouse (WA-04), Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18),
Dan Benishek (MI-01), Denny Heck (WA-10), Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM-01), Joe
Courtney (CT-02), Anne M. Kuster (NH-02), Juan Vargas (CA-51), Dave Reichert
(WA-08), Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) and John Garamendi (CA-03) are original
cosponsors of the resolution.

"Whether grown for consumers here at home or exported to our trading partners in
markets overseas, specialty crops are the backbone of Central Washington's
agricultural economy," said Rep. Newhouse, who serves with DelBene on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research. "I am
committed to advocating on behalf of specialty crop growers across our country,
and I thank Representative DelBene for reintroducing this bipartisan resolution
to recognize the vital contribution they provide for our communities and our way
of life."

The text of the resolution follows:

Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a
vital part of agriculture in the United States, and that Congress should fund
programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of
agriculture in the United States.

Whereas specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops including floriculture;

Whereas farmers in the United States grow more than 350 types of fruit,
vegetable, tree nut, flower, nursery, and other horticultural crops;

Whereas the yearly value of specialty crop production totals nearly $60 billion
which accounts for about one fourth of all domestic crop value;

Whereas sales of fresh and processed fruits and vegetables total nearly
$100,000,000,000 annually;

Whereas combined exports of specialty crops grown in the United States totaled
about $14 billion as recently as 2013, which accounts for about 10 percent of
all agricultural exports from the United States;

Whereas there are about 245,000 farms that grow a variety of specialty crops;

Whereas specialty crop production is most highly concentrated in California,
Florida, Washington, Oregon, North Dakota, and Michigan, however all fifty
states have at least some specialty crop production;

Whereas the Agricultural Act of 2014, (P.L. 113-79), also referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill, included unprecedented and historic amounts of funding for
critical programs such as the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Specialty
Crop Research Initiative, and the National

Clean Plant Network;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative, established under section 412 of the Agricultural Research,
Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632), received mandatory
funding through Fiscal Year 2018 and beyond in the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the National Clean Plant Network,
established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of
2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014 Farm
Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014
Farm Bill;

Whereas many important agriculture programs did not, however, receive mandatory
funding under the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas it is paramount that Congress builds on the progress of the 2014 Farm
Bill to provide funding for these programs in future Farm Bills, so as to
provide certainty to farmers across the United States;

Whereas overall spending on specialty crops still remains a small percentage of
all funding for crops however, even taking into account mandatory and
discretionary funding combined;

Whereas specialty crops are not eligible for many of the traditional support
programs that benefit producers of other crops;

Whereas programs that support specialty crops are generally available to all
crops, while the opposite is true of specific commodity crops;

Whereas fruits and vegetables like red raspberries, almonds, apples, apricots,
avocados, bananas, beans, blueberries, citrus, cherries, cranberries, figs,
grapes, macadamia nuts, nectarines, onions, papayas, peaches, pecans, peppers,
plums, potatoes, pumpkins, sweet corn, certain tomatoes,

walnuts, asparagus, beets, strawberries, broccoli, and carrots are just a few of
the hundreds of specialty crops grown in the United States;

Whereas specialty crops are a driving force in promoting a healthier country and
are part of a healthy, balanced diet that can help consumers reach recommended
dietary goals, which call for half of plates to be fruits and vegetables;

Whereas the number of farms producing and sales of fruits, berries, and tree
nuts in the United States is steadily increasing;

Whereas according to the most recent census data published by the Census of
Agriculture in 2012, 106,000 farms produced fruits, tree nuts, and berries with
a total value of $25,900,000,000, an increase of $7,300,000,000 in 5 years;

Whereas the Census shows an increase in the value of sales for vegetables,
potatoes and melons from $14,700,000,000 in 2007 to $16,900,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas the value of nursery, greenhouse, and floriculture sales represented
$14,500,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas it is evident that specialty crops are an increasingly important part of
agriculture in the United States; and

Whereas specialty crops deserve their fair share of consideration and funding in
agriculture generally, but especially in the annual appropriations process and
future Farm Bills: Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, that it is the sense of the House of Representatives that --

(1) specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture in the United States; and

(2) Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and
important part of agriculture in the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2013

Colorados Specialty Crop Industry Eligible for Funding

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Colorado specialty crops range from perennial favorites like potatoes and onions
to exciting innovators such as lavender and hops. To help develop and promote
the state's specialty crops, the Colorado Department of Agriculture (CDA) is
seeking proposals for the Specialty Crops Block Grant Program. Specialty crops
are defined as fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, and nursery crops including
floriculture and sod.

"Colorado produces a wide variety of fruits, vegetables and horticultural
products," said Casey Palmer, CDA Marketing Specialist. "This grant program
helps develop and promote these unique crops."

Colorado's specialty crops represent approximately 10 percent of Colorado's
total agricultural cash receipts. In 2011, cash receipts from specialty crops
totaled more than $735 million.

The grant program is funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
which partners with state departments of agriculture to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crop producers in areas such as marketing,
promotion, education, research, trade and nutrition.

"The department must submit a request outlining projects to the USDA in order to
receive-these funds," continued Palmer. "This application process will help
determine which projects are included in our application to the USDA."

CDA anticipates that approximately $640,000 will be available, with approved
projects starting early in 2014. Producer groups, organizations, and
associations, as well as state and local organizations, academia and other
specialty crops stakeholders are eligible to apply either as single entities or
in combined efforts. Proposals submitted by individual producers must
demonstrate that the potential impact of the project will accrue to a broader
group of similar producers, region or industry segment.

Proposals must be received by close of business (4:30 p.m.) on May 1, 2013. For
more information and an application, visit www.colorado.gov/ag/specialt
ycropgrant or call (303) 239-4123.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Kiowa County Press


                              181 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2014 Monday

Vermont: 2014 Specialty Crop Block Grant Request for Proposals Announced

LENGTH: 91  words

DATELINE: Montpelier


Agency of Agriculture Food & Markets, The State of Vermont has issued the
following news release:

The Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food and Markets is now accepting proposals
for the 2014 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. Vermont's federal allocation
for this funding cycle is estimated at $200,000. These grant funds are for the
sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of Vermont-grown Specialty Crops,
and will be distributed to through a competitive review process

For further information please visit: http://agriculture.vermont.gov/


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: WVSU Receives Grant Funds for New Agriculture Research and
Development Projects

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

West Virginia State University (WVSU) has received $40,000 in grant funding for
agricultural research projects relating to alternative growing methods for
farmers and diversifying the crops produced in West Virginia, including the
reintroduction of pecans as a viable crop. Each of the three grant awards are
funded through the West Virginia Department of Agriculture's (WVDA) Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program.

Once popular in the state, commercial pecan production in West Virginia stalled
in the 1940s.  However, the state's potential for commercial pecan production
remains high. One of the WVDA grants will fund research seeking to reintroduce
the nut as a viable crop for small West Virginia farmers.

"This project has the opportunity to develop an untapped market with a crop that
hasn't been produced on a commercial scale since World War II," said WVSU
Extension Agent Brad Cochran. "The pecan has an opportunity to be a very
productive and valuable crop in the state, as well as one with a good bit of
historical preservation and novelty as well."

The project will educate landowners on the necessary steps to begin production,
how to care for and maintain pecan trees, and the development of groves.

A second grant-funded project will investigate crops, production and economic
returns on vegetables grown in high tunnel structures to develop recommendations
for their use in West Virginia.

"The number of high tunnels in the state has skyrocketed since 2010," said Dr.
Barbara Liedl, associate professor of plant breeding and genetics at WVSU. The
project will help to develop a year-round planting schedule for farmers new to
the technology, as well as enterprise budgets for growing crops in high tunnels.

High tunnels are greenhouse-like structures that allow for season extension
beyond the typical spring and summer months. Liedl will collaborate with local
farmers and West Virginia University Extension Service on the project.

A third grant is a collaboration between WVSU Extension Service and the Kanawha
Institute for Social Research and Action Inc. to assess the productivity and
profitability of two alternative growing methods for specialty crops: tower
garden structures for vertical growing and a nutrient film technique. The latter
is a water-based, soil-free technique using gutter-like systems for water
circulation.

WVDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program encourages cooperative efforts to
integrate technology at the farm level, improve marketing and promotion of
locally grown specialty crops, and increase production efficiency through
research projects.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Minnesota's specialty crop grants more than double; deadline nears

BYLINE: By Tom Webb twebb@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Minnesota-Twin Cities; News; State; Business

LENGTH: 260 words




Minnesota has received a big boost in funding from a U.S. Department of
Agriculture program designed to advance specialty crops, and the deadline for
applying is approaching.

As authorized under the new Farm Bill, the Specialty Crop Block Grant program is
designed to advance crops that don't get the attention -- or the federal support
-- afforded to corn, wheat, soybeans and major commodity crops.

A change in the funding formula has greatly helped Minnesota, said Edward
Avalos, USDA undersecretary for marketing and regulatory programs. Previously,
Minnesota had $671,000 in yearly grants to award under the program. Now, it has
nearly $1.4 million to award.

"That's more than double what Minnesota received last year," Avalos said. He
added, "The funding that each state gets is based on two things -- one, the
acreage of specialty crops grown in that state, and the value of the specialty
crops."

Minnesota specialty crops span a wide range, from apples to peas, pumpkins to
grapes, flowers to Christmas trees. USDA is looking to provide funding for
programs that help larger groups of producers and consumers, not individual
growers.

"Every state they determine what's best for the needs of their state," Avalos
said. "In Minnesota, some of the projects that have been funded in the past have
been in the category of food hubs, food safety, organic certifications and trade
shows."

Interested groups should apply to the Minnesota Department of Agriculture by the
April 30 deadline.

Tom Webb can be reached at 651-228-5428. Follow him at twitter.com/TomWebbMN

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Aamodt apple orchard, Stillwater, Mn. Honeycrisps apples, 2.25 dollars
a pound. sd 10-3-03

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Ag funding available through NMDA

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 492 words


LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) is inviting New
Mexicans involved in agricultural production to apply for one of two funding
grant programs.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops) is funded by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA). NMDA serves as the fiscal agent for New
Mexico's share of the federal funding.

This program aims to enhance the competitiveness of New Mexico-grown specialty
crops.

"Chile, onions, pecans, honey, greenhouse/nursery crops, lavender - they're all
examples of specialty crops, which means research, education, or marketing and
promotion projects built around them could be considered for this federal
funding," said Felicia Frost, the NMDA marketing specialist who administers New
Mexico's share of the federal funds. The definition and eligibility of specialty
crops can be found at www.ams.usda.gov, under the services, and grant &
opportunities section.

The deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is 5 p.m.
April 10. Funding is expected to become available on October 1. Project length
for this program varies from one to three years.

The Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) is also funded by USDA.
This program provides assistance to any size of agricultural entity, in order to
explore new marketing opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
that will benefit multiple producers or agribusinesses.

The goal of the FSMIP is to improve the efficiency and performance of the
agricultural marketing system in the U.S. Applicants may do this by focusing on
addressing barriers, overcoming challenges or realizing opportunities
manifesting at any stage of the marketing chain including direct, wholesale and
retail.

NMDA's deadline to apply for funding through the FSMIP is 5 p.m. March 1.
Funding is also expected to become available October 1.

"Proposals to both grant programs are given greater consideration when they have
what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other words, if they
make good business sense in the long term," said Frost.

The programs prohibit the use of grant funds for projects that potentially will
benefit only one person or entity and cannot be used to purchase land,
buildings, equipment or any other type of capital improvement. Funds are paid on
a reimbursement basis - meaning they're released only after the grantee has
submitted a progress report, as well as an invoice and corresponding receipts.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand these grant programs and how to apply for them. The
workshops will be:

· Santa Fe: February 16 from 2 to 4 p.m., location TBD, check NMDA webpage for
updates.

· Las Cruces: February 21 from 2:30 to 4:30 p.m., at the NMDA (Main Conference
Room), 3190 S. Espina St.

For more information on these grant opportunities, as well as the workshops,
call 575-646-4929 or visit www.nmda .nmsu.edu.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2017 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

CALENDAR: Free tax workshop scheduled

BYLINE: By Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 613 words


Free tax workshop scheduled

WESST, SBDC and attorney Joe Lennihan will provide a free New Mexico Tax
Information Workshop from 2 to 4 p.m. on Tuesday. The workshop will take place
at the DACC Workforce Center at 2345 E. Nevada Ave. Room 127.

According to a release, the workshop will clarify rules and regulations that
often puzzle small business taxpayers. It will cover everything from legal
business deductions to tax language.

To register, call Jo Ann at 575-541-1583or send an email tojgaray@wesst.org .

College of Business to host annual Hall of Fame Banquet

The College of Business will host its annual Hall of Fame Banquet at 6 p.m. on
Friday, April 12, at the Las Cruces Convention Center. This year the College of
Business will honor alumnus Bradley B. Gordon, class of 1978, as the Hall of
Fame recipient.

Peyton Yates and Laguna Development Corporation will receive the College of
Business Traders' Award and Corporate Traders' Award, respectively.

Tickets to the banquet can be purchased for $100 per person.

College of Business faculty, staff and students will be provided with
complimentary tickets donated by sponsors on a first-come, first-served basis.

For more information or to sponsor a table or purchase a ticket call
575-646-7035.

IFMA Spring Conference set for May

International Facility Management Association's New Mexico Chapter will hold its
annual Spring Conference from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Friday, May, 10 at Sandia
Resort and Casino, 30 Rainbow Road NE, in Albuquerque.

According to a release, the one-day conference will feature, "six acknowledged
leaders who are creating change in organizations and society. Each will offer a
unique perspective on the practice of leadership and how to survive and thrive
during the change process."

Participants can register now atifmanm.org . For more information, email
topeter@indigodesignarchitects.com .

$435,000 available for agriculture projects

New Mexicans are invited to apply for a portion of an expected $435,000 in
federal funds to benefit specialty crops. Funds are made available through
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)."

Interested parties must apply through New Mexico Department of Agriculture.
Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24. Applicants will be
notified on or before June 14, of whether or not their respective project will
move forward in the process.

NMDA is hosting two workshops to help potential applicants understand the
Specialty Crops Program and the process for completing an application that best
represents their proposed project:

April 16 at 10 a.m. at NMDA, 3190 S. Espina St., in Las Cruces

April 25 at 9 a.m. at the Santa Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo de
Peralta in Santa Fe

For more information on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in New Mexico,
visitnmda.nmsu.edu or call 575-646-4929.

Policy scholar to talk defense sequestration

Gary Schmitt, of the American Enterprise Institute, will take part in New Mexico
State University's spring 2013 Domenici Forum at 1 p.m. April 18 at KRWG-TV
studios, inside Milton Hall. The event is free and open to the public.

Schmitt will discuss sequestration and its potential impact on U.S. strategic
defense initiatives. He is a resident scholar and co-director of the Marilyn
Ware Center for Security Studies and is the director of the program on American
citizenship at the American Enterprise Institute.

Event registration and a guide to parking on campus are available online
athttp://domenici.nmsu.edu . Registration can also be made by phone at
575-646-2066.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

New York: USDA Specialty Crop Grants Strengthen Rural Economies

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Specialty Food Association has issued the following news release:





  USDA awarded more than $113 million in grants to support farmers growing
specialty crops, which include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops.



  The grants form part of the organization's efforts to strengthen local and
regional food systems by investing in rural economies.

  The USDA's Agricultural Marketing System awarded $63 million to more than 750
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program projects. These grants are dispersed on the
state level to help support specialty crop growers.

  An additional $50 million was awarded to research institutions via the USDA's
National Institute of Food and Agriculture, which develops scientific means of
addressing the needs of specialty crop production. Projects include research
into plant genetics and coming up with ways to address food safety hazards.

  According to Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack, these investments will
improve Americans' access to healthy food, supply farmers markets and
restaurants with high quality produce, and help farmers with technology needs
and sustainability issues.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             January 6, 2008 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Business Briefs

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: F; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 404 words


PROPOSAL WINDOW OPEN ON SPECIALTY CROPS

Organizations or groups of individuals have until noon Friday to submit grant
proposals for specialty crops to the Nebraska Department of Agriculture.

The department is seeking those proposals as part of its effort to develop a
state plan for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program.

For the 2007 funding cycle, the state can receive as much as $104,133 for
specialty crops, but a state plan detailing how the money will be used must be
submitted.

Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including flowers. Grant proposals must make it clear that
the entire industry will benefit from the submitted project.

The USDA program was created by Congress in 2004.

Those who want more information should visit www.agr.ne.gov or call (800)
422-6692.

GOVERNMENT MEASURING FARMERS' WELL-BEING

The National Agricultural Statistics Service is gathering Nebraska input on the
economic well-being of farmers.

The annual Agricultural Resource Management Survey will be conducted through the
mail and through personal interviews between Jan. 14 and April 23. It will
survey 33,500 farmers nationwide.

Producers will be asked to provide data on operating expenditures, production
costs and household characteristics. Confidentiality is protected by law.

Results will be published in a Farm Production Expenditures report Aug. 7.

HEARINGS SCHEDULED ON LIVESTOCK PERMITS

The Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality will conduct two public
hearings on a new general permit for confined animal feeding operations later
this month.

Scheduled events in North Platte on Jan. 22 and in Lincoln on Jan. 31 will
include open forums and opportunities for the public to direct questions to the
NDEQ staff.

The permits are part of the federal National Pollution Discharge Elimination
System. They apply only to open cattle feedlots with capacities for 1,000 or
more animals.

The new permits provide for annual reporting on amounts of manure generated and
on its land application.

The Lincoln hearing will be held at 7 p.m. at the Lancaster Extension Education
Center, 444 Cherrycreek Road. It will be preceded by a 6 p.m. public forum.

A public comment period for written testimony will be open through Jan. 31.
Remarks should be sent to Dennis Heitmann, Nebraska Department of Environmental
Quality, P.O. Box 98922, Lincoln, NE, 68509-8922.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SWEET TALKERS

BYLINE: RUSSELL RAY, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1011 words


Congress is revising a farm bill to offer a lot more federal support to
specialty crops such as strawberries, oranges and tomatoes.

By RUSSELL RAY

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - The big federal dollars for farm crops have always gone to corn, wheat
and soybeans, while fruit and vegetables - crops Florida produces a lot of - get
zilch.

That may change soon. Under legislation introduced last month, specialty crops
such as citrus, strawberries, tomatoes and tree nuts would get a big share of
the money allocated by the federal farm bill. Industry officials say it's a
major change in farm policy that is long overdue.

Specialty crops, which account for half of the nation's farm income, have
consistently been pushed aside by the farm bill, receiving little or no funding.
The so-called program crops - corn, wheat, soybeans, rice and cotton - are used
to make products ranging from fabrics to animal feed and get the bulk of federal
support.

But the farm bill, which expires in September, is being reworked by Congress to
stress the importance of fruit and vegetables and healthy eating.

"We're actually getting a seat at the table," said Florida Citrus Mutual Chief
Executive Officer Michael Sparks. "In the past, we were not able to participate
in the program."

The bill would provide Florida, the nation's second-largest producer of fruit
and vegetables behind California, the same level of assistance other farm states
have long enjoyed, Florida Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson said.

The legislation "elevates the status of Florida's agriculture industry," Bronson
said.

But the $2 billion proposal would not provide the direct subsidies the program
crops receive.

The bill aims to boost fruit and vegetable production by increasing exports
through marketing efforts and expanding research into disease and pest control.
What's more, the bill would require the purchase of more fruits and vegetables
for school lunch programs.

Florida's citrus industry would benefit from the additional research money,
which would be used to prevent the spread of canker and greening, Sparks said.
The research could be vital in restoring volumes lost to disease and hurricanes.

Competing For Consumers Abroad

The bill also attempts to boost the sale of U.S. fruit and vegetables in export
markets.

It would provide $350 million a year to pay for overseas advertising and
marketing for U.S. fruit and vegetables. The increased marketing could increase
the demand for Florida citrus in countries such as Japan, where Florida
grapefruit is growing in popularity.

"The Japanese consume more Florida grapefruit than the United States," Sparks
said. "Through marketing programs, we were able to develop a market for fresh
grapefruit."

The potential to boost demand for Florida orange juice in markets abroad is
significant, Sparks said. In the United States, each person drinks an average of
5.5 to 6 gallons of orange juice each year.

"Other countries don't consume even half as much," Sparks said. "Activities that
would raise that consumption to our level would be a real benefit to Florida
citrus growers."

The legislation filed last month by House Democrats and Republicans, including
U.S. Rep. Adam Putnam, R-Bartow, is similar to a proposal made weeks earlier by
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns.

In that plan, almost $5 billion would be devoted to increasing the production
and consumption of U.S. fruit and vegetables and improving the industry's
ability to compete in the marketplace.

"There's a growing realization that the farm bill should be more reflective of
the diversity of crops grown in the United States as opposed to five or six
grain commodities," Putnam said. "There appears to be a level of support that's
reaching critical mass."

Both the USDA proposal and the House bill call for increasing federal purchases
for school lunch and breakfast programs to combat obesity and other health
issues. The USDA plan would pump $500 million over 10 years into those programs.

Pros And Cons For Specialty Growers

The proposals also allow specialty crop growers to participate in conservation
programs that have long been reserved for program crops. It's another
opportunity for many Florida farmers, whose properties back up to wetlands,
Sparks said.

The House bill calls for a $500 million-a-year program for specialty crop block
grants paid to states based on their level of fruit and vegetable production.
Under that program, Florida would get the second-biggest share behind
California.

Perhaps the most controversial proposal is the USDA's plan to lift a ban on
fruit and vegetable production by farmers who receive subsidies for program
crops.

Some groups, including the Western Growers Association, say lifting the ban
would give program crop farmers an unfair advantage over farmers who now grow
specialty crops.

"All growers should be competing in the marketplace on a level playing field,"
Western Growers said in a news release.

Lisa Lochridge, a spokeswoman for the Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association,
said a study commissioned by the Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance found that
lifting the ban on program crop farmers would lower profits for existing
specialty crop growers. The proposal would cost specialty crop growers about $4
billion a year, the study found.

"Increasing supply without a corresponding increase in demand would lead to
dramatically lower prices," Lochridge said. "The economic impact would be
significant."

Reporter Russell Ray can be reached at (813) 259-7870 or rray@tampatrib.com.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by CHRISTINE DELESSIO

Photo: Tangerines pass inspection at a packing house in Dade City. Under a U.S.
House bill, Florida would be the No. 2 recipient of specialty crop block grants.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by CHRISTINE DELESSIO

Photo: Sisters Lucila, left, and Ofelia Contreras package oranges for Publix
stores. Specialty crops account for half of U.S. farm income but little federal
funding.

Photo: (fruits and vegetables)

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              189 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research funds available

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnisota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. In anticipation of $1.2
million in federal funding, the MDA is now seeking proposals for projects that
will identify opportunities or barriers to growing and marketing specialty crops
. Non-profits, government agencies, universities and other organizations
involved in Minnesota agriculture research and development are encouraged to
apply. These grants are not for individual business development.


 Specialty crops are identified as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including floriculture.
 Grant applications are due to the MDA by April 29, 2016. Projects may last up
to two years and eight months and awards will range from $10,000 - $100,000.
 Project review and recommendations will be provided to the MDA by an outside
independent panel with experience growing, marketing, researching and promoting
specialty crops.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research funds available

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnisota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. In anticipation of $1.2
million in federal funding, the MDA is now seeking proposals for projects that
will identify opportunities or barriers to growing and marketing specialty crops
. Non-profits, government agencies, universities and other organizations
involved in Minnesota agriculture research and development are encouraged to
apply. These grants are not for individual business development.


 Specialty crops are identified as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including floriculture.
 Grant applications are due to the MDA by April 29, 2016. Projects may last up
to two years and eight months and awards will range from $10,000 - $100,000.
 Project review and recommendations will be provided to the MDA by an outside
independent panel with experience growing, marketing, researching and promoting
specialty crops.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

MARYLAND:MDA Announces New Specialty Crop Grant Program; Application Deadline is
May 8

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of Agriculture, The state of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

The Maryland Department of Agriculture (MDA) today announced a competitive grant
program to fund projects that solely enhances the competitiveness of specialty
crops. The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program was established by the 2014 Farm
Bill.

MDA will administer funds totaling approximately $340,000. Of this amount, Food
Safety, Market Enhancement and Pest Management will be a priority for projects
with a minimum level of $15,000.  MDA intends to fund projects that can produce
the highest degree of measurable benefits to Maryland specialty crop producers
in relation to each dollar spent and need to have the support from specialty
crop producers.  Grants will be reimbursement grants.

Specialty crops are defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops.

MDA is seeking applications from eligible non-profit organizations, government
entities, for-profit and organizations for projects that aim to promote or
enhance the production of and access to Maryland specialty crops. Applicants
must reside or their business or educational affiliation must be in Maryland.
Potential applicants are encouraged to call Karen Fedor at 410-841-5773 to
discuss proposals.

Electronic grant applications must be submitted by 4:00 p.m. on May 8, 2015.
Paper applications must be postmarked by May 8, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1883  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS):

Action

Notice and request for comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this notice announces the Agricultural Marketing Service's (AMS) intention to
request approval, from the Office of Management and Budget, for an extension of
and revision to the currently approved information collection Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP).
Dates

Comments on this notice must be received by February 9, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.

Additional Information or Comments: Interested persons are invited to submit
comments concerning this information collection document. Comments should be
submitted online at www.regulations.gov or sent to John Miklozek, Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, Marketing Grants and Compliance Team, Transportation and
Marketing Program Agricultural Marketing Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture; 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0269, South Building,
Washington, DC 20250-0269; by phone (202) 720-1403; or by facsimile to (202)
690-4152. All comments should reference the docket number (TM-15-01), the date,
and the page number of this issue of theFederal Register. All comments received
will be posted without change, including any personal information provided,
online at http://www.regulations.gov and will be made available for public
inspection at the above physical address during regular business hours.
Supplementary Information

Title: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

OMB Number: 0581-0248.

Expiration Date of Approval: 3 years from date of OMB approval.

Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The information collection requirements in this request are applied
only to those State departments of agriculture who voluntarily participate in
the SCBGP. The information collected is needed to certify that grant
participants are complying with applicable program regulations. Data collected
is the minimum information necessary to effectively carry out the requirements
of the program, and to fulfill the intent of Section 101 of the Competitiveness
Act of 2004, as amended by Section 10010 of the Agriculture Act of 2014, Public
Law 113-79, the Farm Bill.

The overall estimated burden hours for this collection of information is
estimated to average 3.275 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 560.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,834 hours.

State departments of agriculture who wish to participate in the SCBGP would have
to submit the following:

(a) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance", (approved under OMB collection
number 4040-0004) is required to apply for Federal assistance.

(b) SF-424B, "Assurances-Non-Construction Programs", (approved under OMB
collection number 4040-0007) to assure the Federal government of the applicant's
legal authority to apply for Federal assistance.

(c) State Plan Narrative. Completed applications must include a State Plan
Narrative to show how grant funds will be utilized to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 10 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 560 hours.

Before funds are dispersed, State departments of agriculture must complete the
following forms:

(a) Grant Agreement. The Grant Agreement (AMS-33) sets forth the agreed upon
responsibilities of AMS project work. It also indicates the agreed upon grant
funding dollar amounts and the beginning date and ending date of the project
work and the Grant Agreement. One copy of this Grant Agreement is required to be
returned to AMS with the recipient's signatures and dated for each grant.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(b) SF-270, "Request for Advance and Reimbursement" (approved under OMB
collection number 0348-0004) is required whenever the recipients request an
advance or reimbursement of Federal grant funds. AMS expects that at least three
(3) SF-270 forms will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

(c) Annual Performance Report. The Annual Performance Report is required if a
grant period is more than one year in length. The Annual Performance Report is
written documentation required to notify AMS about the work activities and
progress towards completing the recipients' and subrecipients' established
project activities, goals and outcomes. AMSexpects that at least two (2) Annual
Performance Reports will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 112.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(d) Final Performance Report. The Final Performance Report is written
information required by AMS within 90 days after the ending date of the grant
agreement. This information is utilized as final documentation of completion of
the project activities, goals and outcomes.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 6 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(e) Request for Grant Amendment. A State department of agriculture participating
in the SCBGP would have to submit a Request for Grant Amendment to AMS if there
is a change in key personnel, scope or objectives of the grant, budget changes
that exceed more than 20 percent of a project's total budget, request to
purchase of special purpose equipment, request for foreign travel and travel
costs for government officials, and/or an extension of the grant period not to
exceed 3 calendar years.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 1 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(f) SF-425 "Federal Financial Report" (approved under OMB collection number
0348-0061) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the grant
period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as described
within the form.

(g) Audit Report. A State is required to conduct an audit of SCBGP expenditures
and an audit report is required to be submitted to AMS no later than 30 days
after completion of the audit.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 168 hours.

(h) SF-428 "Tangible Personal Property Report" (approved under OMB collection
number 3090-0289) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the
grant period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as
described within the form.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2.75 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 154 hours.

Finally, State departments of agriculture are required to retain records
pertaining to the SCBGP for 3 years after completion of the grant period or
until final resolution of any audit findings or litigation claims relating to
the SCBGP. This is a part of normal business practice.

This program would not be maintained by any other Agency, therefore, the
requested information will not be available from any other existing records.

AMS is committed to compliance with the Government Paperwork Elimination Act
(GPEA), which requires Government agencies in general to provide the public the
option of submitting information or transacting business electronically to the
maximum extent possible. The SF-424 and SF-424B forms and State Plan (Narrative)
can be completed electronically and are required to be submitted electronically
through www.grants.gov.

The SF-425, SF-428, and SF-270 forms can be filled out electronically and
submitted electronically. These forms can be found at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_forms/.

The Annual Performance Report, Final Performance Report, Audit Report, and
Request for Grant Amendment can be submitted electronically. The Grant Agreement
requires an original signature and can be submitted by mail.

Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to John Miklozek at the above
physical address, by telephone (202) 720-1403, or by email at
scblockgrants@usda.gov All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address.

All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will become a matter of public record.
Dated: December 5, 2014.
Rex A. Barnes,
Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-28991 Filed 12-10-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1883  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS):

Action

Notice and request for comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this notice announces the Agricultural Marketing Service's (AMS) intention to
request approval, from the Office of Management and Budget, for an extension of
and revision to the currently approved information collection Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP).
Dates

Comments on this notice must be received by February 9, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.

Additional Information or Comments: Interested persons are invited to submit
comments concerning this information collection document. Comments should be
submitted online at www.regulations.gov or sent to John Miklozek, Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, Marketing Grants and Compliance Team, Transportation and
Marketing Program Agricultural Marketing Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture; 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0269, South Building,
Washington, DC 20250-0269; by phone (202) 720-1403; or by facsimile to (202)
690-4152. All comments should reference the docket number (TM-15-01), the date,
and the page number of this issue of theFederal Register. All comments received
will be posted without change, including any personal information provided,
online at http://www.regulations.gov and will be made available for public
inspection at the above physical address during regular business hours.
Supplementary Information

Title: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

OMB Number: 0581-0248.

Expiration Date of Approval: 3 years from date of OMB approval.

Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The information collection requirements in this request are applied
only to those State departments of agriculture who voluntarily participate in
the SCBGP. The information collected is needed to certify that grant
participants are complying with applicable program regulations. Data collected
is the minimum information necessary to effectively carry out the requirements
of the program, and to fulfill the intent of Section 101 of the Competitiveness
Act of 2004, as amended by Section 10010 of the Agriculture Act of 2014, Public
Law 113-79, the Farm Bill.

The overall estimated burden hours for this collection of information is
estimated to average 3.275 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 560.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,834 hours.

State departments of agriculture who wish to participate in the SCBGP would have
to submit the following:

(a) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance", (approved under OMB collection
number 4040-0004) is required to apply for Federal assistance.

(b) SF-424B, "Assurances-Non-Construction Programs", (approved under OMB
collection number 4040-0007) to assure the Federal government of the applicant's
legal authority to apply for Federal assistance.

(c) State Plan Narrative. Completed applications must include a State Plan
Narrative to show how grant funds will be utilized to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 10 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 560 hours.

Before funds are dispersed, State departments of agriculture must complete the
following forms:

(a) Grant Agreement. The Grant Agreement (AMS-33) sets forth the agreed upon
responsibilities of AMS project work. It also indicates the agreed upon grant
funding dollar amounts and the beginning date and ending date of the project
work and the Grant Agreement. One copy of this Grant Agreement is required to be
returned to AMS with the recipient's signatures and dated for each grant.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(b) SF-270, "Request for Advance and Reimbursement" (approved under OMB
collection number 0348-0004) is required whenever the recipients request an
advance or reimbursement of Federal grant funds. AMS expects that at least three
(3) SF-270 forms will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

(c) Annual Performance Report. The Annual Performance Report is required if a
grant period is more than one year in length. The Annual Performance Report is
written documentation required to notify AMS about the work activities and
progress towards completing the recipients' and subrecipients' established
project activities, goals and outcomes. AMSexpects that at least two (2) Annual
Performance Reports will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 112.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(d) Final Performance Report. The Final Performance Report is written
information required by AMS within 90 days after the ending date of the grant
agreement. This information is utilized as final documentation of completion of
the project activities, goals and outcomes.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 6 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(e) Request for Grant Amendment. A State department of agriculture participating
in the SCBGP would have to submit a Request for Grant Amendment to AMS if there
is a change in key personnel, scope or objectives of the grant, budget changes
that exceed more than 20 percent of a project's total budget, request to
purchase of special purpose equipment, request for foreign travel and travel
costs for government officials, and/or an extension of the grant period not to
exceed 3 calendar years.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 1 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(f) SF-425 "Federal Financial Report" (approved under OMB collection number
0348-0061) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the grant
period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as described
within the form.

(g) Audit Report. A State is required to conduct an audit of SCBGP expenditures
and an audit report is required to be submitted to AMS no later than 30 days
after completion of the audit.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 168 hours.

(h) SF-428 "Tangible Personal Property Report" (approved under OMB collection
number 3090-0289) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the
grant period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as
described within the form.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2.75 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 154 hours.

Finally, State departments of agriculture are required to retain records
pertaining to the SCBGP for 3 years after completion of the grant period or
until final resolution of any audit findings or litigation claims relating to
the SCBGP. This is a part of normal business practice.

This program would not be maintained by any other Agency, therefore, the
requested information will not be available from any other existing records.

AMS is committed to compliance with the Government Paperwork Elimination Act
(GPEA), which requires Government agencies in general to provide the public the
option of submitting information or transacting business electronically to the
maximum extent possible. The SF-424 and SF-424B forms and State Plan (Narrative)
can be completed electronically and are required to be submitted electronically
through www.grants.gov.

The SF-425, SF-428, and SF-270 forms can be filled out electronically and
submitted electronically. These forms can be found at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_forms/.

The Annual Performance Report, Final Performance Report, Audit Report, and
Request for Grant Amendment can be submitted electronically. The Grant Agreement
requires an original signature and can be submitted by mail.

Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to John Miklozek at the above
physical address, by telephone (202) 720-1403, or by email at
scblockgrants@usda.gov All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address.

All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will become a matter of public record.
Dated: December 5, 2014.
Rex A. Barnes,
Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-28991 Filed 12-10-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Minnesota: Radio series shines spotlight on Minnesota specialty crops

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

The creativity and ingenuity of Minnesota farmers are the focus of a new radio
series, Spotlight on Specialty Crops. The Minnesota Department of Agriculture
(MDA) supports the radio series with funding from the USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program. The series is produced by the Minnesota Farm Network, which
broadcasts throughout the state.

The minute-long features traverse the state and explore how Minnesota growers
are improving production, profitability and personal satisfaction with specialty
crops. The MDA works with an advisory committee to suggest topics to feature and
provide further resources for interested farmers.

"While beginning farmers are often interested in specialty crops, we also want
to plant the idea with our established crop and livestock farmers who are
thinking about diversifying their operations," said MDA project coordinator Meg
Moynihan.

The first show in the series was recently released and spotlights Finke's Berry
Farm, a pick-your-own strawberry grower in Northeast, Minnesota. Other topics to
air in the 12 show lineup include hops, mushrooms, dry beans, ginger and season
extension strategies.

For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

Grant turns fallow public land into productive farms

BYLINE: Sean McCoy, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Oct. 19--ST. THOMAS

AÃ¢Â[#x20ac]Â[#x201a]bulldozer cut terraces into land on the western end of St.
Thomas as Nevon "Imani" Decastro used his hands to plant pineapple slips into
the dark, freshly turned earth.

The farmer moved quickly, slashing into the earth with a pick-axe and placing
the small slips into holes cut through a plastic ground cloth and into the
ground. Below him, the bulldozer growled over the ground, flattening portions of
the hillside, while a rain squall moved quickly overhead.

Decastro's new plot of farmland overlooking the Atlantic Ocean was made possible
by a Specialty Crop Block Grant through the V.I. Agriculture Department. The
farm was one of two farms in the Bordeaux area that was unveiled to the public
Tuesday afternoon.

The other is farmed by Myron "Buddy" Hennemin.

Both farms are on land owned by the V.I. Public Housing Finance Authority.

Agriculture Commissioner Louis Petersen Jr. said the Specialty Crop Block Grant,
funded by the U.S. Agriculture Department, has helped start about a dozen fruit
orchards on St. Thomas and St. Croix, such as the ones featured on Tuesday.

"We have brought in over 4,000 pineapple slips to date," Petersen said.

The $183,000 grant is meant to subsidise and encourage the planting of specialty
crops, said grants manager Abbelle Bakr.

Petersen said that, while each farmer receives only a small portion of that
funding, it has a huge impact.

"We work hard to make the funds trickle down to the farmers," Petersen said.
"This also promotes small-business men and women in the territory."

The program will not accept new applications until about July 2012, and future
applicants should plan to submit written requests at that time, Petersen said.

To apply, farmers must prove that they have legal access to land and reliable
water and be able to dedicate a ¼-acre to a ½-acre for a single fruit crop.

The program is a partnership between the V.I. Agriculture Department, the
University of the Virgin Islands Extension Service and the U.S. Agriculture
Department.

___ (c)2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111019-1VI-Grant-turns-fallow-public-land-into-productive-farms-1019-20111019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              196 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Notice of Request for Extension and Revision of a Currently Approved Information
Collection

LENGTH: 1883  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice And Request For Comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this notice announces the Agricultural Marketing Service's (AMS) intention to
request approval, from the Office of Management and Budget, for an extension of
and revision to the currently approved information collection Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP).

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by February 9, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.

Additional Information or Comments: Interested persons are invited to submit
comments concerning this information collection document. Comments should be
submitted online at www.regulations.gov or sent to John Miklozek, Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, Marketing Grants and Compliance Team, Transportation and
Marketing Program Agricultural Marketing Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture; 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0269, South Building,
Washington, DC 20250-0269; by phone (202) 720-1403; or by facsimile to (202)
690-4152. All comments should reference the docket number (TM-15-01), the date,
and the page number of this issue of the Federal Register. All comments received
will be posted without change, including any personal information provided,
online at http://www.regulations.gov and will be made available for public
inspection at the above physical address during regular business hours.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Title: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

OMB Number: 0581-0248.

Expiration Date of Approval: 3 years from date of OMB approval.

Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The information collection requirements in this request are applied
only to those State departments of agriculture who voluntarily participate in
the SCBGP. The information collected is needed to certify that grant
participants are complying with applicable program regulations. Data collected
is the minimum information necessary to effectively carry out the requirements
of the program, and to fulfill the intent of Section 101 of the Competitiveness
Act of 2004, as amended by Section 10010 of the Agriculture Act of 2014, Public
Law 113-79, the Farm Bill.

The overall estimated burden hours for this collection of information is
estimated to average 3.275 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 560.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,834 hours.

State departments of agriculture who wish to participate in the SCBGP would have
to submit the following:

(a) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance", (approved under OMB collection
number 4040-0004) is required to apply for Federal assistance.

(b) SF-424B, "Assurances-Non-Construction Programs", (approved under OMB
collection number 4040-0007) to assure the Federal government of the applicant's
legal authority to apply for Federal assistance.

(c) State Plan Narrative. Completed applications must include a State Plan
Narrative to show how grant funds will be utilized to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 10 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of Columbia,
American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

Estimated Total Annual Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 560 hours.

Before funds are dispersed, State departments of agriculture must complete the
following forms:

(a) Grant Agreement. The Grant Agreement (AMS-33) sets forth the agreed upon
responsibilities of AMS project work. It also indicates the agreed upon grant
funding dollar amounts and the beginning date and ending date of the project
work and the Grant Agreement. One copy of this Grant Agreement is required to be
returned to AMS with the recipient's signatures and dated for each grant.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(b) SF-270, "Request for Advance and Reimbursement" (approved under OMB
collection number 0348-0004) is required whenever the recipients request an
advance or reimbursement of Federal grant funds. AMS expects that at least three
(3) SF-270 forms will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

(c) Annual Performance Report. The Annual Performance Report is required if a
grant period is more than one year in length. The Annual Performance Report is
written documentation required to notify AMS about the work activities and
progress towards completing the recipients' and subrecipients' established
project activities, goals and outcomes. AMS expects that at least two (2) Annual
Performance Reports will be submitted during the grant agreement period.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 112.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(d) Final Performance Report. The Final Performance Report is written
information required by AMS within 90 days after the ending date of the grant
agreement. This information is utilized as final documentation of completion of
the project activities, goals and outcomes.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 6 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.

(e) Request for Grant Amendment. A State department of agriculture participating
in the SCBGP would have to submit a Request for Grant Amendment to AMS if there
is a change in key personnel, scope or objectives of the grant, budget changes
that exceed more than 20 percent of a project's total budget, request to
purchase of special purpose equipment, request for foreign travel and travel
costs for government officials, and/or an extension of the grant period not to
exceed 3 calendar years.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 1 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.

(f) SF-425 "Federal Financial Report" (approved under OMB collection number
0348-0061) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the grant
period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as described
within the form.

(g) Audit Report. A State is required to conduct an audit of SCBGP expenditures
and an audit report is required to be submitted to AMS no later than 30 days
after completion of the audit.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 168 hours.

(h) SF-428 "Tangible Personal Property Report" (approved under OMB collection
number 3090-0289) is to be completed 90 days after the expiration date of the
grant period to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements as
described within the form.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2.75 hour per response.

Respondents: State departments of agriculture.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses: 56.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 154 hours.

Finally, State departments of agriculture are required to retain records
pertaining to the SCBGP for 3 years after completion of the grant period or
until final resolution of any audit findings or litigation claims relating to
the SCBGP. This is a part of normal business practice.

This program would not be maintained by any other Agency, therefore, the
requested information will not be available from any other existing records.

AMS is committed to compliance with the Government Paperwork Elimination Act
(GPEA), which requires Government agencies in general to provide the public the
option of submitting information or transacting business electronically to the
maximum extent possible. The SF-424 and SF-424B forms and State Plan (Narrative)
can be completed electronically and are required to be submitted electronically
through www.grants.gov.

The SF-425, SF-428, and SF-270 forms can be filled out electronically and
submitted electronically. These forms can be found at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_forms/.

The Annual Performance Report, Final Performance Report, Audit Report, and
Request for Grant Amendment can be submitted electronically. The Grant Agreement
requires an original signature and can be submitted by mail.

Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to John Miklozek at the above
physical address, by telephone (202) 720-1403, or by email at
scblockgrants@usda.gov All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address.

All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will become a matter of public record.

Dated: December 5, 2014.

Rex A. Barnes,

Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 18, 2014 Friday

State receives $3.1M in federal funding for specialty crops

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


April 18--North Dakota will receive $3.1 million in federal funding for
specialty crops through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program, a part of the 2014 farm bill.

The program supports states' efforts to enhance the competitiveness of specialty
crops, such as fruits, vegetables, herbs and tree nuts. North Dakota has a
strong specialty crop industry and often leads the U.S. in dry beans, dry peas,
lentils, confection sunflowers and honey production.

"These funds will help North Dakota growers diversify and strengthen their
production of crops, while also improving the ways we bring these crops to
market," Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D., stated in a release. "That means lower costs
for both producers and our consumers, as well as better nutrition and greater
choice for our families."

Through the grant program, state departments of agriculture can support farmers
who grow specialty crops through research and projects that develop new
varieties, improve efficiency and sustainability of crop production, and
establish local and regional fresh food systems, among other things, according
to a release from Hoeven, who is on the Senate Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee.

"North Dakota's agriculture industry creates jobs, supports families and
economies throughout the state, and feeds our kids and families across the
country," Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., stated in a release.

___ (c)2014 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140418-QX-State-receives-3.1M-in-federal-funding-for-specialty-crops
-0418-20140418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                              198 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research and development grants available

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable,
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. Applications are due by
4:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, April 27, 2017.





 "These grants are a great opportunity for Minnesota's specialty crop growers to
be innovative both on and off the farm," says MDA Grant Administrator David
Weinand. "We're looking for projects that will benefit growers sector-wide
through research and development."



 Grants are available to fund innovation in production, aggregation, processing,
and packaging; improve operational efficiency; increase access to distribution
systems and new markets for specialty crops; increase the demand for and supply
of locally produced specialty crops; research on pest and disease control; and
research on practices that encourage conservation, environmental stewardship,
and production.



 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) defines specialty crops as
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture. Non-profit organizations, producer organizations,
government agencies, universities, and other agricultural groups are encouraged
to apply.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2017 Tuesday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research and development grants available

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable,
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. Applications are due by
4:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, April 27, 2017.





 "These grants are a great opportunity for Minnesota's specialty crop growers to
be innovative both on and off the farm," says MDA Grant Administrator David
Weinand. "We're looking for projects that will benefit growers sector-wide
through research and development."



 Grants are available to fund innovation in production, aggregation, processing,
and packaging; improve operational efficiency; increase access to distribution
systems and new markets for specialty crops; increase the demand for and supply
of locally produced specialty crops; research on pest and disease control; and
research on practices that encourage conservation, environmental stewardship,
and production.



 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) defines specialty crops as
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture. Non-profit organizations, producer organizations,
government agencies, universities, and other agricultural groups are encouraged
to apply.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research and development grants available

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable,
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. Applications are due by
4:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, April 27, 2017.





 "These grants are a great opportunity for Minnesota's specialty crop growers to
be innovative both on and off the farm," says MDA Grant Administrator David
Weinand. "We're looking for projects that will benefit growers sector-wide
through research and development."



 Grants are available to fund innovation in production, aggregation, processing,
and packaging; improve operational efficiency; increase access to distribution
systems and new markets for specialty crops; increase the demand for and supply
of locally produced specialty crops; research on pest and disease control; and
research on practices that encourage conservation, environmental stewardship,
and production.



 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) defines specialty crops as
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture. Non-profit organizations, producer organizations,
government agencies, universities, and other agricultural groups are encouraged
to apply



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Minnesota: Specialty crop research and development grants available

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Department of Agriculture, Minnesota has issued the following
news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) is encouraging fruit, vegetable,
and other specialty crop organizations to apply for Specialty Crop Block Grants
to help increase the competitiveness of their crops. Applications are due by
4:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, April 27, 2017.





 "These grants are a great opportunity for Minnesota's specialty crop growers to
be innovative both on and off the farm," says MDA Grant Administrator David
Weinand. "We're looking for projects that will benefit growers sector-wide
through research and development."



 Grants are available to fund innovation in production, aggregation, processing,
and packaging; improve operational efficiency; increase access to distribution
systems and new markets for specialty crops; increase the demand for and supply
of locally produced specialty crops; research on pest and disease control; and
research on practices that encourage conservation, environmental stewardship,
and production.



 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) defines specialty crops as
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture. Non-profit organizations, producer organizations,
government agencies, universities, and other agricultural groups are encouraged
to apply.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Arizona: NEW GRANTS AVAILABLE FOR SPECIALTY CROPS

LENGTH: 294  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Phoenix: Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  More than $800,000 is available to help educate, promote and research
specialty crops in Arizona. Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree
nuts, dried fruits and nursery crops. The Department of Agriculture uses money
from the federal Specialty Crop Block Grant to improve Arizona's industry.



 "We have a rich combination of farmers and producers in our state, and many
people don't realize it," said Mark Killian, director of the Department of
Agriculture. "This grant funding can help our industry educate people around the
state, the country and the world about the vast diversity of specialty crops
grown in Arizona."

 The grants are available to associations, educational institutions, and state,
local or community-based organizations. Eligible projects must enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops either in the United States or
internationally. The projects must benefit more than one commercial product
(e.g., ABC Company brand), organization or individual.

 Successful projects must also be able to perform one of the new national
outcome measures. Those measures and other information is available in the 2016
Specialty Crop Grant Program Manual.

 Other online resources include the instructions for downloading application
packets and submitting grant application packets on-line.

 The Department will hold two workshops to explain the grant requirements and
application on Wednesday, March 23, 2016. The sessions will be available as a
webinar or at the Department. Interested parties need to register at least two
days in advance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 7, 2011 Monday

USA: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Projects

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: South Dakota


South Dakota, Feb. 07 -- The state of South Dakota has issued following press
release:

The specialty crop industry in South Dakota can now apply for select federal
funding of projects that enhance the competitiveness of fruits, dried fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, nursery crops and horticulture.

The funds can be used for projects that involve research, food safety,
nutrition, promotion, distribution, best management procedures, and a variety of
other uses to advance the specialty crop industry in South Dakota. The South
Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) encourages applicants to develop
projects that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.

"These funds provide support for this growing segment of South Dakota
agriculture," said South Dakota Secretary of Agriculture Walt Bones. "We look
forward to partnering with the specialty crop industry to further enhance these
crops in South Dakota."

SDDA has established the following priority areas for projects in South Dakota:

* industry education

* local foods initiatives

* promoting specialty crops to institutions

Applications may be submitted for projects outside of the priority areas. All
applications are due to SDDA by March 25, 2011.

The Federal funds are part of the Specialty Crop Block Grant, a program funded
in the 2008 Farm Bill.

For more information please contact: info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Grants available to expand ag in NM;
Marketing, crop programs offered

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 472 words


LAS CRUCES, N.M. - The New Mexico Department of Agriculture is inviting New
Mexicans involved in agricultural production to apply for one of two funding
grant programs.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is funded by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. NMDA serves as the fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the
federal funding.

This program aims to enhance the competitiveness of New Mexico-grown specialty
crops.

"Chile, onions, pecans, honey, greenhouse/nursery crops, lavender - they're all
examples of specialty crops, which means research, education, or marketing and
promotion projects built around them could be considered for this federal
funding," said Felicia Frost, the NMDA marketing specialist who administers New
Mexico's share of the federal funds. The definition and eligibility of specialty
crops can be found at www.ams.usda.gov, under the services, and grant &
opportunities section.

The deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is 5 p.m.
MST on April 10. Funding is expected to become available on Oct. 1. Project
length for this program varies from one to three years.

The Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program is also funded by USDA. This
program provides assistance to any size of agricultural entity, in order to
explore new marketing opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
that will benefit multiple producers or agribusinesses.

The goal of the FSMIP is to improve the efficiency and performance of the
agricultural marketing system in the U.S. Applicants may do this by focusing on
addressing barriers, overcoming challenges or realizing opportunities
manifesting at any stage of the marketing chain including direct, wholesale and
retail.

NMDA's deadline to apply for funding through the FSMIP is 5 p.m. March 1.
Funding is also expected to become available Oct. 1.

"Proposals to both grant programs are given greater consideration when they have
what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other words, if they
make good business sense in the long term," said Frost.

The programs prohibit the use of grant funds for projects that potentially will
benefit only one person or entity and cannot be used to purchase land,
buildings, equipment, or any other type of capital improvement.

Funds are paid on a reimbursement basis - meaning they're released only after
the grantee has submitted a progress report, as well as an invoice and
corresponding receipts.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand these grant programs and how to apply for them. The
workshops will be:

Santa Fe: Feb. 16 from 2 to 4 p.m., location TBD, check NMDA webpage for
updates.

Las Cruces: Feb. 21 from 2:30 to 4:30 p.m., at the NMDA (Main Conference Room),
3190 S. Espina St.

Information: 575-646-4929 or www.nmda.nmsu.edu.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2017 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Grants aimed at expanding NM ag

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


(LAS CRUCES, N.M. &GT;&GT; New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are
invited to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding
through one of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico. Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops
),which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). NMDA serves
as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey   they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds. Visit 1.usa.gov/18wggxV for USDA's definition and list of
specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap. Project length varies from one to three years. The deadline
to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20, 2015.
Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF). Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions on
the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit. Another difference is that
ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative. The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015. Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant   in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement. Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts. The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces: March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South Espina
Street

Santa Fe: March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda Meeting
Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

or more information on either grant program or the workshops, visit
bit.ly/1Dfq0vjor call 575 646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

GFB Foundation for Agriculture Receives USDA Grant

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  The Georgia Farm Bureau Foundation for Agriculture has been awarded a
Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) by the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service.





 According to GFB Foundation Executive Director Katie Gazda, the foundation will
use the grant to promote specialty crops through GFB's Ag in the Classroom
program, including a Specialty Crops Ag Mag and a three-day tour for teachers,
giving them a firsthand look at specialty crop farms in Georgia.



 The teachers who attend the tour will be tasked with developing lesson plans
for specific specialty crops following the tour. These lesson plans, along with
the Ag Mag, will be field-tested as soon as they are complete and then shared at
teacher workshops beginning in 2018.



 The GFB Foundation for Agriculture is a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation
dedicated to advancing Georgia agriculture and creating healthy communities.
Donations contributed to the Foundation are used to tell the story of
agriculture through the Ag in the Classroom program, consumer awareness projects
and adult learning opportunities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Menendez Announces More Than $700,000 in Federal Funding for New Jersey
Agricultural Projects

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Robert Menendez (D-NJ) today announced that $770,044.10 was awarded
to the N.J. Department of Agriculture for 13 agricultural projects throughout
the Garden State. The funding was awarded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

"This funding will help everyone understand what followers of the 'slow food'
movement, farm-to-table restaurants, and farmers' markets already know - New
Jersey farms produce some of the finest fruits, vegetables and other
agricultural products in the nation," said Senator Menendez. "Bringing New
Jersey produce to our homes is healthy for our bodies, better for our
environment and great for our economy. I'm looking forward to more people
understanding why we are known as the Garden State in the first place."

The funding announced today will make it possible for the state to implement the
following 13 projects:

Partnering with the Mercer County Board of Agriculture to prepare specialty crop
producers to comply with Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) and the Food Safety
Modernization Act (FSMA) by educating direct market growers on FSMA compliance
and GAP; conducting pathogen sampling of manure and manure based composts;
conducting pathogen sampling of packing house equipment; developing cost
effective means of compliance with FSMA and GAP.

Partnering with the Garden State Wine Growers Association to increase sales of
northern New Jersey wines by promoting them through a targeted promotional
campaign.

Partnering with the New Jersey Blueberry Growers Association to promote the
consumption of New Jersey blueberries by developing and implementing a targeted
promotional campaign consisting of radio advertisements.

Continuing to enhance the competitiveness of New Jersey fruits and vegetables by
providing promotional support to the Jersey Fresh brand through print and
television advertisements and point of sale advertising.

Partnering with the New Jersey Peach Promotion Council to promote New Jersey
peaches through advertising in print media and various promotional events.

Partnering with the Outer Coastal Plain Vineyard Association to increase sales
of New Jersey wines by conducting market research of wine consumers, creating a
brand identity for a new proprietary blend, determining the proper channels
through which target consumers can be reached with incentives, and creating a
"Buy Local" marketing program to promote the new blend.

Partnering with the Jersey Fruit Cooperative Association, Inc. to lower the
operating costs of fruit farms while minimizing the negative impact of fruit
production on the environment by providing sustainability training to fruit
growers and packing houses.

Partnering with the New Jersey Agricultural Society to increase specialty crop
producers' understanding of agricultural issues such as water and land use,
trade agreements and land preservation and to enhance their business management,
marketing, and communication skills by providing agricultural leadership
development training. Matching funds will be provided to cover the costs that do
not solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.

Partnering with the New Jersey Agricultural Society to increase production and
consumption of specialty crops by educating low-income families and the general
public on their nutritional value; educating the general public about local
sources of specialty crops; and marketing specialty crops and nutrition through
video, online resources, and handouts.

Partnering with the American Cranberry Growers' Association to increase the
consumption of cranberry products by those suffering from metabolic syndrome by
determining if cranberry consumption, even with added sugar, will improve some
parameters of metabolic syndrome; showing the presence of beneficial
phytochemicals in human plasma after cranberry consumption; testing the use of
one or more cranberry varieties with a lower acid level; and sharing the results
of the study with local cranberry growers.

Partnering with Rutgers New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station and the Small
Fruits Council to increase production of New Jersey strawberries by assessing
the status of the production and marketing of minor small fruits such as
strawberries, brambles, and ribes; expediting the evaluation and release of
strawberry selections from the Rutgers breeding program; and sharing results of
the project with small fruits growers.

Partnering with the New Jersey Blueberry and Cranberry Research Center to
minimize the damage caused by key insect pests of blueberries by evaluating and
developing innovative insect behavior- based approaches to managing oriental
beetle, plum curculio, brown Marmorated stink bug and spotted wing drosophila;
demonstrating the effectiveness of an attract-and-kill strategy for controlling
these pests; and sharing results with blueberry growers.

Performing pre-award and post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program funding and ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees
abide by Federal and State requirements and regulations.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2015

Funding allocated for specialty crop grants

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 343  words


BISMARCK - Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says North Dakota's share of
specialty crop development funds should encourage more farmers, ranchers, food
companies, researchers and others to get involved in specialty crop production
and processing.

"I have been informed by USDA that North Dakota will receive $2.3 million
dollars for specialty crop grants." Goehring said.

Goehring said the North Dakota Department of Agriculture (NDDA) is now accepting
applications for 2015 Specialty Crop Grants.

"Projects that promote the production, processing and use of specialty crops in
the North Dakota are eligible for these grants," he said. "Organizations,
institutions and individuals are encouraged to submit proposals on their own or
in partnerships."

Eligible applications include developing new and improved seed varieties,
reducing distribution costs, investing in specialty crop research, enhancing
food safety, pest and disease control and development of local and regional food
systems. Projects that directly benefit specific, commercial products or profit
a single organization, institution or individual are not eligible.

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops." Specialty crops grown commercially in North
Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils, potatoes, confection sunflowers,
grapes, honey and various vegetables.

Goehring said an information manual with application instructions, scoring
criteria and an application template can be found on NDDA's website:
www.nd.gov/ndda/program/specialty-crop-block-grant-program.

Applications must be submitted in electronic form by 4 p.m. CDT Thursday, April
30, 2015. An external review committee will review and score the applications.
The successful applications will be forwarded onto the USDA for final approval.
The grants will be awarded in late fall/early winter.

Projects funded by the grants must be completed within 21 months.

Persons needing more information should contact Emily Edlund at (701) 328-2191
oredlund@nd.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Golden Valley News


                              209 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Mexico: NMDA announces two grant programs to expand New Mexico agriculture

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

(LAS CRUCES, NM) - New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are invited
to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding through one
of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico.  Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).  NMDA serves
as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey - they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds.  See USDA's definition and list of specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap.  Project length varies from one to three years.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20,
2015.  Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF).  Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions
on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit.  Another difference is
that ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015.  Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement.  Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts.  The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces:  March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street
    Santa Fe:  March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda
Meeting Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             March 20, 2016, Sunday

FOOD Notes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P12F

LENGTH: 970 words


Great American Meatout Monday

Bluegrass Kitchen, located at 1600 Washington St. E, will host a Vegan Supper
for The Spring Equinox from 6 to 9 p.m. Monday. The menu includes organic tofu
"wings, organic farro salad, Hoppin' John organic black-eyed pea stew with white
rice and garlic bread, mock "chicken & dumplings, stuffed red pepper, braised
cabbage and apple-sage "sausage and more. For more information call Chris
Higgins at 304-881-7037. Reservations are encouraged.

Anniversary celebration

Fusion Teriyaki Grille of Kanawha City, located at 4002 MacCorkle Ave. SE, will
celebrate its one year anniversary on April 9 with special offers and free
samples of its new bubble tea from 2 to 4 p.m. For more information call
304-925-3663 (FOOD).

Winter Blues North Farmers Market

MORGANTOWN - The Winter Blues North Farmers Market will be from 4 to 7 p.m.
Thursday at Ruby Community Center in Mylan Park, 500 Mylan Park Lane.

The entry fee is $2, which goes toward Empty Bowls Monongalia. A pay-as-you-go
Local Foods Dine Around will occur during the event. Visit
www.morgantownfarmers.org for more information.

Gritt's Farm open house

BUFFALO - Gritt's Farm, 356 Gritt Road, will hold an open house from 10 a.m. to
2 p.m. April 2. The day will include farm tours, mixed flower basket making
workshop and discussions on 2016 CSA memberships.

The cost for the workshop is $30 and includes coffee, food samples, fresh made
doughnuts and all materials needed for basket making except gloves.please bring
gloves from home if you prefer to use them.

RSVP by emailing events@grittsfarm.com or purchase your tickets in advance at
grittsfarm.ticketleap.com.

Farm tours are free. There is no obligation to sign up for a CSA membership
while attending the open house. Visit or call 304-937-2565 for more information.

CSA memberships

HUNTINGTON - Spots are still available for The Wild Ramp CSA through May 20. The
cost is $265 per standard share (feeds two people).

Meat and vegetarian options are available. Both options include produce, cheese,
dairy products and the occasional value-added item.

Pick up is from 3 to 6 p.m. each Friday at The Wild Ramp, 555 14th St. W. Call
304-523-7267 or email info@wildramp.org for more information.

2016 WV Specialty Crop Block Grants

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is now accepting project proposals
for the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The deadline to apply is March
28.

The grant program, funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and administered
by the WVDA, gives specialty crop growers the opportunity to learn new
techniques, test them out, and share their knowledge with other producers.

Those applying for a grant must deal with a specialty crop such as fruits,
vegetables, horticulture products, tree nuts, herbs and spices, maple syrup,
honey and Christmas trees, among others.

Products explicitly excluded are livestock, eggs, corn, soybeans and other
commodity type crops. All projects must focus on industry related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops.

The program is available to groups and organizations that qualify to receive
grant funding but cannot be used to fund individual farms or enterprises. Visit
agriculture.wv.gov or call 304-558-3708 for more information.

Cupcake fundraiser

HUNTINGTON - Paula Vega Cake, 308 9th St., is donating $1 to the Ronald McDonald
house for each of the specially flavored "Ronald's Favorite Cupcake purchased
throughout March. Call 304-972-2253 for more information.

Grill class

HURRICANE - The Greenhouse of Teays Valley, 3554 Teays Valley Road #105, will
have its first grill class of the year from 4 to 7 p.m. Saturday. The cost is
$45 per person. Space is limited. Call 304-397-6316 for more information.

1863 Grill classes

ELKINS - 1863 Grill, 830 Harrison Ave., is continuing its series of winter
cooking classes throughout March and April. Classes include:

-Grilling at 6 p.m. Monday. Cost is $50 per person.

-Desserts at noon April 2. Cost is $40 per person.

-Sushi making at noon April 9. Cost is $60 per person.

-Mother sauces at noon April 16. Cost is $40 per person.

Class sizes are limited. Visit www.1863grill.com/winter- cooking-classes or call
304-637-1863 for more information.

Tamarack Dinner Theatre

BECKLEY - Tamarack, One Tamarack Park, will present "The Country House at 6:30
p.m. April 8 and 9 as part of the 2016 Tamarack Dinner Theatre Series. The cost
is $48 per person. Visit or call 304-256-6843 for more information.

Murder mystery tickets

Tickets are on sale for the next murder mystery dinner theatre at 7 p.m. April 8
at Blossom Dairy, 904 Quarrier St. Tickets are $50 per person and include
dinner, sushi preparation and show. Call 304-204-2455 for more information.

Chef's Challenge tickets

Tickets for Covenant House's signature fundraiser, Chef's Challenge, are on sale
now. The cost is $100 per person. The event will be from 5:30 to 8 p.m. April 5
at the Charleston Civic Center.

Seven local celebrity chefs from across the state will prepare a multi-course
meal with ingredients typically found in the Covenant House Food Pantry.

There will also be a silent and live auction and a drawing for an original Mark
Blumenstein sculpture called "House, which he created specifically for Chef's
Challenge. Online tickets for the "House drawing may be purchased for $10. The
winner will be announced during the dinner on April 5. You must be present to
win.

Visit http://bit.ly/Chefs Challenge2016 for more information or call Angie at
304-344-8053 x22.

Uncork & Create classes

Uncork & Create Kitchen, 1031 Quarrier St., will offer an Italian cooking class
later this week:

-Flavors of Italy: Pasta Making, with Chef Mandy Gum, will be from 6:30 to 9:30
p.m. Friday. The cost is $65 per person.

Visit www.uncorkandcreate.com or call 304-552-3331 for more information or to
register.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              211 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Northey seeks more specialty-crops funding

BYLINE: Emily Klein

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 489 words


As work on the 2007 Farm Bill continues, Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill
Northey is trying to win support from Iowa lawmakers for specialty crops.

Northey recently sent letters to U.S. Sens. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, and Charles
Grassley, R-Iowa, asking specifically that the Specialty Crops Block Grant
program receive mandatory funding in the new Farm Bill with a base grant of $2
million to each state. The current law provides a base grant of $100,000.

"These funds would help Iowa expand the assistance provided to fruit and
vegetable growers across the state," Northey said. "As the interest in locally
grown food increases, it's important that we support the producers that grow
these crops."

With the funds above the total base amount, each state would receive an amount
that represents the proportion of the value of specialty crop production in the
state in relation to the national value of specialty crop production using the
latest available specialty crop production data set in all states, Northey
states in his letter to Harkin.

The letter stresses that specialty crops are more likely to be impacted by
pests, disease, low prices, labor shortages and lack of funding for research,
promotion and inspection than other commodities.

Because eating specialty crops is a vital part of national efforts to decrease
obesity and increase the nutritional value of school lunch programs, Northey
urges lawmakers to consider increasing financial support to this area of
agriculture.

"Due to the nature of high value specialty crop production, many current farm
bill programs and disaster programs are of limited benefit to specialty crop
producers due to payment caps, limits on Adjusted Gross Income, limits on
off-farm income even integral to farming operations," the letter states.

"USDA should be directed to conduct a thorough review of all farm programs to
ensure that specialty crop producers have access to benefits comparable to other
farmers rather than be excluded or limited simply due to a higher cost of
production."

n

The most recent weekly Iowa Crops and Weather report by the USDA National
Agricultural Statistical Service shows the impact of recent rains.

Topsoil moisture rated 0 percent very short, 2 percent short, 52 percent
adequate and 46 percent surplus across the state. Subsoil moisture rated 2
percent very short, 3 percent short, 57 percent adequate and 38 percent surplus.

Corn condition rated 3 percent very poor, 7 percent poor, 20 percent fair, 48
percent good and 22 percent excellent.

Soybean condition rated 2 percent very poor, 4 percent poor, 19 percent fair, 52
percent good and 23 percent excellent.

Third cutting of alfalfa was 52 percent complete, well behind last year's 79
percent and 18 percentage points behind the five-year average. All hay condition
rated 2 percent very poor, 13 percent poor, 32 percent fair, 45 percent good and
8 percent excellent.

Klein's e-mail: eklein@wcinet.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 12, 2011 Saturday

USA: Specialty Crop Grant Funds Available

LENGTH: 376  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO, March 12 -- The State Of Illinois has issued following press release:

Federal funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program - Farm Bill are available to help the state's specialty crop
industry, Illinois Department is Agriculture (IDOA) Director Tom Jennings
announced today. The money can be used for projects designed to expand the
availability of fresh, locally-grown produce.

"Demand for fresh fruits and vegetables is on the rise and we need to continue
that trend by investing in specialty crops," Director Jennings said. "These
grants will further raise awareness about the abundance of our agricultural
production and strengthen Illinois' specialty crop industry."

In 2010, Illinois ranked third in the number of farmers markets, with 286
markets that currently operate across the state. That number is up from only 97
in 1999. Nationally, Illinois ranks first in the nation for its pumpkin
production, and in the top ten in the production of many other specialty crops,
such as asparagus, cauliflower, peas and lima beans.

According to a 2003 Illinois Specialty Crop Survey, more than 117,000 acres of
farmland is devoted to growing specialty crops, producing nearly $137 million in
sales for Illinois farmers.

Proposed projects should accomplish one or more of the following objectives:

* Increase child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops.

* Improve efficiency and reduce costs of distribution systems.

* Assist in developing "Good Agricultural Practices," "Good Handling Practices,"
"Good Manufacturing Practices," and in cost-share arrangements for funding
audits of such systems for small farmers, packers and processors.

* Invest in specialty crop research, including organic research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes.

* Enhance food safety.

* Develop new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops.

* Improve pest and disease control.

* Promote organic and sustainable production practices.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 9, 2012

Delaware specialty crop projects receive funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 308  words


Ten research and marketing projects supporting Delaware specialty crops will
receive more than $240,000 in funding through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Farm Bill, Secretary of
Agriculture Ed Kee announced recently.

The projects, operated by nonprofit organizations, academic researchers and
local farms, will all enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops, which
include fruits, vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery
crops.

_"These projects will all help Delaware growers and businesses by supporting and
strengthening our local agricultural economy through expanding markets and
developing new products," Kee said. "The insights gained from the field research
will lead to better yields and production methods, while the marketing
initiatives will help make more Delawareans aware of the great local products
that come from our farms."

The 10 projects that will share ia the $244,608 in federal funds include:

A marketing initiative by the Delaware Christmas Tree Growers' Association to
educate the public on the benefits of growing Christmas trees

Expanding a Community Supported Agriculture program by the Food Bank of
Delaware, working with the Cool Spring Farmers Market to reach targeted
low-income communities in Wilmington

A collaborative advertising campaign by the Department of Agriculture to support
locally run on-farm markets

Four research projects by the University of Delaware's Department of Plant and
Soil Sciences

Research by Zitvogel Farms to increase pole lima bean yields by testing water
misters

Research by Williamsville Farms on earlyand late-season blueberry production

Research by T.S. Smith and Sons and the University of Delaware Cooperative
Extension examining production and season-extension methods for dwarf sweet
cherries, figs and day-neutral strawberries.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                              214 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 9, 2012

Delaware specialty crop projects receive funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 308  words


Ten research and marketing projects supporting Delaware specialty crops will
receive more than $240,000 in funding through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Farm Bill, Secretary of
Agriculture Ed Kee announced recently.

The projects, operated by nonprofit organizations, academic researchers and
local farms, will all enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops, which
include fruits, vegetables, dried fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery
crops.

"These projects will all help Delaware growers and businesses by supporting and
strengthening our local agricultural economy through expanding markets and
developing new products," Kee said. "The insights gained from the field research
will lead to better yields and production methods, while the marketing
initiatives will help make more Delawareans aware of the great local products
that come from our farms."

The 10 projects that will share ft the $244,608 in federal funds include:

A marketing initiative by the Delaware Christmas Tree Growers' Association to
educate the public on the benefits of growing Christmas trees

Expanding a Community Supported Agriculture program by the Food Bank of
Delaware, working with the Cool Spring Farmers Market to reach targeted
low-income communities in Wilmington

A collaborative advertising campaign by the Department of Agriculture to support
locally run on-farm markets

Four research projects by the University of Delaware's Department of Plant and
Soil Sciences

Research by Zitvogel Farms to increase pole lima bean yields by testing water
misters

Research by Williamsville Farms on early and late-season blueberry production

Research by T.S. Smith and Sons and the University of Delaware Cooperative
Extension examining production and season-extension methods for dwarf sweet
cherries, figs and day-neutral strawberries.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                              215 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                           RECIPIENT: Community Crops
              DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Farm Training


                         LAST UPDATED: February 2, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2011

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Community Crops
TAXCODE:  20-3174357
URL:  http://www.communitycrops.org
LOCATION:  Lincoln, NE, 68502
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Farm Training
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016


                              216 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                           RECIPIENT: Community Crops
              DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Youth Project


                         LAST UPDATED: February 2, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2011

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Community Crops
TAXCODE:  20-3174357
URL:  http://www.communitycrops.org
LOCATION:  Lincoln, NE, 68502
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Youth Project
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016


                              217 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                           RECIPIENT: Community Crops
                     DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant


                         LAST UPDATED: February 2, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2012

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Community Crops
TAXCODE:  20-3174357
URL:  http://www.communitycrops.org
LOCATION:  Lincoln, NE, 68502
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016


                              218 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                           RECIPIENT: Community Crops
                     DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant


                         LAST UPDATED: January 15, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2013

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Program / Restricted
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Community Crops
TAXCODE:  20-3174357
URL:  http://www.communitycrops.org
LOCATION:  Lincoln, NE, 68502
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015


                              219 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

CALENDAR: Policy scholar to talk defense sequestration

BYLINE: By Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 547 words


Policy scholar to talk defense sequestration

Gary Schmitt, of the American Enterprise Institute, will take part in New Mexico
State University's spring 2013 Domenici Forum at 1 p.m. April 18 at KRWG-TV
studios, inside Milton Hall. The event is free and open to the public.

Schmitt will discuss sequestration and its potential impact on U.S. strategic
defense initiatives. He is a resident scholar and co-director of the Marilyn
Ware Center for Security Studies and is the director of the program on American
citizenship at the American Enterprise Institute.

Event registration and a guide to parking on campus are available online
athttp://domenici.nmsu.edu . Registration can also be made by phone at
575-646-2066.

Farming technology topic of HTC meeting

LAS CRUCES   Rick Holdridge will discuss technology advances in farming and
water irrigation at the next meeting of the High Tech Consortium of Southern New
Mexico. The meeting is set for 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on April 19 at Hotel Encanto
de Las Cruces. It is free and open to the public.

For more information, call Terry Jack at 575-522-3868 or Paul Deason at
575-644-8427.

Free debt/Bankruptcy Workshop set

A free consumer debt/bankruptcy workshop will be held at 5:30 p.m., Thursday,
April 25, at the Law Office of Kenneth Egan, 1111 Lohman Ave., in Las Cruces.
The workshop includes a presentation by Egan, an open question-and-answer
period, and a free one-on-one consultation with an attorney.

This event is a community service open to the public. Call 1-800-876-6227 for
details or 575-797-6068 to register.

IFMA Spring Conference set for May

International Facility Management Association's New Mexico Chapter will hold its
annual Spring Conference from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Friday, May, 10 at Sandia
Resort and Casino, 30 Rainbow Road NE, in Albuquerque.

According to a release, the one-day conference will feature, "six acknowledged
leaders who are creating change in organizations and society. Each will offer a
unique perspective on the practice of leadership and how to survive and thrive
during the change process."

Participants can register now atifmanm.org . For more information, email
topeter@indigodesignarchitects.com .

$435,000 available for agriculture projects

New Mexicans are invited to apply for a portion of an expected $435,000 in
federal funds to benefit specialty crops. Funds are made available through
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)."

Interested parties must apply through New Mexico Department of Agriculture.
Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24. Applicants will be
notified on or before June 14, of whether or not their respective project will
move forward in the process.

NMDA is hosting two workshops to help potential applicants understand the
Specialty Crops Program and the process for completing an application that best
represents their proposed project:

April 16 at 10 a.m. at NMDA, 3190 S. Espina St., in Las Cruces

April 25 at 9 a.m. at the Santa Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo de
Peralta in Santa Fe

For more information on the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in New Mexico,
visitnmda.nmsu.edu or call 575-646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

California: USDA Awards More Than $62.5 Million to Support Specialty Crop
Production

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently announced over $62.5
million in grants to support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and
nursery crops, also known as specialty crops. The projects include research,
agricultural extension activities, and programs to increase demand and address
the needs of America's specialty crop industry. AMS Administrator Elanor Starmer
made the announcement while attending USDA's Fall Forum with local stakeholders
held in Concord, New Hampshire to discuss key issues facing the future of
agriculture.





 The grants are part of USDA's continued effort to enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops and provide resources to strengthen American agriculture.
The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), administrated by AMS, awarded
grant funds for 693 projects in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and
five U.S. Territories. Under the Obama Administration, AMS has awarded SCBGP
grants totaling $455.5 million for 6,138 projects, including those announced
today.



 The grants are issued to state departments of agriculture for projects that
help support specialty crop growers, including locally grown fruits and
vegetables.  For example, in New Hampshire, the Small and Beginner Farmers of
New Hampshire is partnering with Merrimack County Conservation District to
increase access to freeze drying and flash freezing equipment for specialty crop
growers, helping farmers offer products beyond the season for locally grown
fresh produce. The project will also include workshops to educate growers on
safe handling of food, equipment and technology.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

California: USDA Awards More Than $62.5 Million to Support Specialty Crop
Production

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently announced over $62.5
million in grants to support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and
nursery crops, also known as specialty crops. The projects include research,
agricultural extension activities, and programs to increase demand and address
the needs of America's specialty crop industry. AMS Administrator Elanor Starmer
made the announcement while attending USDA's Fall Forum with local stakeholders
held in Concord, New Hampshire to discuss key issues facing the future of
agriculture.





 The grants are part of USDA's continued effort to enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops and provide resources to strengthen American agriculture.
The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), administrated by AMS, awarded
grant funds for 693 projects in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and
five U.S. Territories. Under the Obama Administration, AMS has awarded SCBGP
grants totaling $455.5 million for 6,138 projects, including those announced
today.



 The grants are issued to state departments of agriculture for projects that
help support specialty crop growers, including locally grown fruits and
vegetables.  For example, in New Hampshire, the Small and Beginner Farmers of
New Hampshire is partnering with Merrimack County Conservation District to
increase access to freeze drying and flash freezing equipment for specialty crop
growers, helping farmers offer products beyond the season for locally grown
fresh produce. The project will also include workshops to educate growers on
safe handling of food, equipment and technology.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Udall Heralds Nearly $840,000 Investment to Strengthen Colorado's Farmers, Boost
Agricultural Exports

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Mark Udall, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Mark Udall, a champion for Colorado's farmers and ranchers, heralded the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's decision yesterday to invest nearly $840,000 to
bolster agricultural production across the state. Udall said these competitive
grants, part of the USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and authorized
through the deficit-reducing 2014 Farm Bill, will help strengthen Colorado's
farmers and boost agricultural exports.

"Colorado farmers and the products they produce support thousands of jobs and
strengthen our special way of life. These competitive grants will support job
creators across the state, strengthen tourism and boost exports of
Made-in-Colorado products," Udall said. "I am never shy when it comes to
bragging about Colorado's bounty -- and these investments will ensure tourists
and consumers far and wide know why."

The competitive grants announced today, totaling $839,642, are:

$143,950 to partner with Pueblo County to increase awareness and sales of the
Pueblo Chile through a marketing campaign and demonstration garden.
    $141,442 to increase the sales of Colorado produce through a marketing
campaign and demonstration garden at the Governor's Mansion.
    $107,000 to partner with the Colorado Potato Administrative Committee to
increase the sale of Colorado potatoes in Mexico through outreach to Mexican
vendors and studying the Mexican potato market.
    $92,336 to partner with the Colorado Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association
to increase sales through a multi-pronged effort that includes assessing grower
and consumer needs and developing and implementing promotional products.
    $80,000 to partner with the Colorado Potato Administrative Committee to
increase Colorado potato exports by developing and distributing a new method of
screening for the potato virus (PVYn).
    $77,376 to increase Colorado produce suppliers' sales by marketing and
raising awareness about Colorado produce at the 2015 Produce Marketing
Association's Fresh Summit Expo.
    $63,731 to ensure the State Agency and sub-awardees abide by Federal and
State requirements and regulations by preforming pre-award and post-award
activities to administer Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.
    $48,285 to partner with Colorado State University to increase the knowledge
and education of Colorado specialty crops producers by providing research and
technical support and extension education programs.
    $46,872 to partner with Fort Lewis College to enhance beginning specialty
crop producers' knowledge of farming techniques through hands-on training and
creating incubator plots.
    $25,000 to partner with the Colorado Wine Industry Development Board to
increase the availability of scientific research around the grape industry by
creating an accessible Colorado-focused research website.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday

The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill., agriculture briefs column

BYLINE: The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Oct. 04--ILLINOIS' CORN HARVEST NEARLY 75 PERCENT DONE: SPRINGFIELD -- The
Illinois corn harvest is proceeding much faster than usual, with 71 percent of
the harvest complete as of Sunday, the Illinois Department of Agriculture
reported.

At this time last year, only 29 percent of the corn statewide had been
harvested. The five-year average for this point in time is 33 percent.

The soybean harvest is progressing at the normal pace. About 22 percent of the
crop was in as of Sunday. The five-year average for this point is 21 percent.

Observers said 2 percent of the soybean crop is excellent, 20 percent is good,
37 percent is fair, 24 percent is poor and 17 percent is very poor.

In the state's eastern region, which includes the Champaign-Urbana and Danville
areas, 67 percent of the topsoil had adequate moisture, 29 percent was short and
4 percent was very short.

However, only 25 percent of the subsoil had adequate moisture. Forty-four
percent was short and 31 percent was very short.

SPECIALTY CROP BLOCK GRANTS -- FEDERAL PROGRAM NETTED CLOSE TO $634,000 FOR
STATE: SPRINGFIELD -- Illinois has received nearly $634,000 from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

The state Department of Agriculture will split that money among 12 projects --
including one at the University of Illinois -- intended to expand the
availability of locally grown produce.

Illinois is the nation's largest producer of pumpkins and horseradishes and
ranks among the top 10 states in the production of asparagus, cauliflower, green
peas and lima beans.

The UI project aims to enhance food safety by assessing the microbial profiles
on produce from farmers' markets and recommending handling practices that
minimize the risk of microbial contamination.

Among the other projects:

--Working with the Illinois Horseradish Growers Association to identify new
varieties that are whiter, larger and last longer than current varieties without
sacrificing flavor.

--Working with the Illinois Stewardship Alliance to create a marketing campaign
to promote local specialty crops to local restaurants.

--Working with the Illinois Grape Growers and Vintners Association to teach best
management practices to Illinois grape growers.

ENERGY BIOSCIENCES INSTITUTE -- OPEN HOUSE SET WEDNESDAY FOR 320-ACRE ENERGY
FARM: URBANA -- The Energy Biosciences Institute at the University of Illinois
has scheduled an open house at its 320-acre Energy Farm for 8:30 to 11:30 a.m.
Wednesday.

The farm is located at 4301 S. Philo Road, U.

Those attending can see large-scale, field-based research; learn about advances
in harvesting and storing biofuel feedstock; hear presentations on agronomy,
biofuels law, ecology, engineering and entomology; and talk with scientists
developing best practices for crop management.

___ (c)2012 The News-Gazette (Champaign, Ill.) Visit The News-Gazette
(Champaign, Ill.) at www.news-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121004-CM-AG-BRIEFS-COL-20121004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2012 The News-Gazette


                              224 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Hoeven Announces Recipients of $3.1 Million in Grants for Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that 37 recipients have been selected to
receive more than $3.1 million in grant funding from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to enhance the competitiveness of North Dakota's specialty
crop industries. In April, Hoeven announced that USDA had awarded the grant
funding to the North Dakota Department of Agriculture through its Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program (SCBGP) that was reauthorized in the 2014 farm bill. The
North Dakota Department of Agriculture selected applicants through a select
committee and incorporated them into the state plan submitted to USDA for final
approval.

"The USDA grants made available through the farm bill for specialty crops
reflect another way we worked to make sure the farm bill helps to advance the
good work of North Dakota's producers," said Hoeven. "North Dakota is a leading
producer of several specialty crops, and these grants will help advance the
research paramount to furthering the success of our state's robust specialty
crop industries."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday

Grants available for specialty crop producers

LENGTH: 229 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? An estimated $285,000 in grant money is on the table available
to specialty crop producers in Utah on a competitive basis. The federal funds
are being offered through the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food, which is
seeking proposals under a block grant program. Specialty crops are defined as
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops, including
floriculture. The grants are part of the federal agriculture program that
partners with states to encourage competitiveness in crop producers in such
areas as marketing, promotion, education, research and consumption. Individual
producers, producer groups, organizations and associations, as well as state and
local organizations, academia and other specialty crops stakeholders are
eligible to apply either as single entities or in combined efforts.  In 2010, 21
projects were awarded a total $285,000. Matching funds are not required but are
strongly encouraged. Proposals are due by June 10, with awards announced in late
September. Grant agreement and contracts will be issued in November. Application
information and forms are available online at http://ag.utah.gov or call David
Bailey at 801-538-4931. For more information on the program, lists of eligible
products and the federal requirements, go to the USDA's Agricultural Marketing
Service at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              226 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.

 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)

 Grant recipients include:


  South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

  Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

  Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

  South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

  South Dakota State University in Brookings

  South Dakota Wine Growers Association





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.

 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)

 Grant recipients include:


  South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

  Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

  Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

  South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

  South Dakota State University in Brookings

  South Dakota Wine Growers Association





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.









 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.







 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)







 Grant recipients include:



     South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

     Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

     Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

     South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

     South Dakota State University in Brookings

     South Dakota Wine Growers Association







 Projects will have up to three years to complete their work, while being
required to submit quarterly reports and reimbursement requests.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

NM ag producers invited to participate in two programs

BYLINE: By Katie Goetz NMDA

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are invited
to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture for funding through one of two
grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico. Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which is funded by
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). NMDA serves as fiscal agent for New
Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey   they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds.

Visit 1.usa.gov/18wggxV for USDA's definition and list of specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap. Project length varies from one to three years. The deadline
to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20. Funding is
expected to become available on Oct. 1.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds. Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions on the
type of agricultural commodity that can benefit. Another difference is that ADPF
projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative. The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1. Funding is expected to
become available July 1.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant   in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement. Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts. The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces: March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South Espina
Street

Santa Fe: March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda Meeting
Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

For more information on either grant program or the workshops, visit
bit.ly/1Dfq0vj or call 575 646-4929.

Katie Goetz is the public information officer for the New Mexico Department of
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

California: USDA Awards $113 Million to Support Specialty Crop Production, Grow
Opportunities for Rural Communities

LENGTH: 172 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The state of California has
issued the following news release:



 USDA recently awarded more than $113 million in program grants to support
farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops, also known as
"specialty crops," through research, agricultural extension activities, and
programs to increase demand and address the needs of America's specialty crop
industry.





 USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service is awarding $63 million to 755 Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program projects nation-wide. The grants are issued to State
departments of agriculture for projects that help support specialty crop
growers, including locally grown fruits, vegetables, and nursery crops,
including floriculture through research and programs to increase demand. Since
2009, AMS has awarded 385 grants totaling $392.9 million for 5,484 projects,
including those recently announced.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

Ohio: Ohio Department of Agriculture Accepting Specialty Crop Grant Proposals

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Columbus


Department of Agriculture, The State of Ohio has issued the following news
release:

The Ohio Department of Agriculture is now accepting
proposals for the 2013 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which will provide
funding for projects to
enhance the competitiveness of crops such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, and
nursery crops.
Grant funding is provided by the USDA Agriculture Marketing Service. The
deadline for online grant
proposal submissions is May 3, 2013 by 4 p.m. Grants will range from a minimum
of $25,000 to a
maximum of $150,000. In addition, all applicants must provide a minimum match of
25 percent of the
requested grant amount.
Project proposals are sought that will advance the long-term economic viability
of the state's specialty
crop industry while increasing the marketability of specialty crops. Higher
rankings will be given to
projects that demonstrate profit potential for growers and that could boost
employment opportunities
in the specialty crop industry.

For further information please visit: http://www.agri.ohio.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.

 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)

 Grant recipients include:


  South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

  Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

  Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

  South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

  South Dakota State University in Brookings

  South Dakota Wine Growers AssociationAgriculture is a major contributor to
South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6 billion in annual economic activity and
employing over 115,000 South Dakotans. The South Dakota Department of
Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and preserve this industry for
today and tomorrow.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

South Dakota: Specialty Crop Sector in SD Receives Grant Funding

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture has awarded about $250,000 to seven
specialty crop projects around the state. The funds come from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.









 Specialty crops can include everything from fruits and veggies to honey and
hops.







 South Dakota Department of Agriculture grant and loan specialist Kimberly
DeSchepper says, "This year's projects include research, marketing, production
collaboration and networking for berry producers to the chefs that prepare food
for our tables. Some of the specialty crops grown in South Dakota include
hydroponic tomatoes, lettuce, grapes and fruits for juices, jellies and wines,
confectionary sunflowers-- the ones we eat-- as well as lentils and chickpeas."
(***Download DeSchepper audio here***)







 Grant recipients include:



     South Dakota Specialty Producers Association based in Yankton (2 grants)

     Cobblestone Science, LLC from Spearfish

     Cheyenne River Youth Project from Eagle Butte

     South Dakota Public Broadcasting in Sioux Falls

     South Dakota State University in Brookings

     South Dakota Wine Growers Association







 Projects will have up to three years to complete their work, while being
required to submit quarterly reports and reimbursement requests.

 Agriculture is a major contributor to South Dakota's economy, generating $25.6
billion in annual economic activity and employing over 115,000 South Dakotans.
The South Dakota Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and
preserve this industry for today and tomorrow.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Notice of Request for Extension and Revision of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 2096  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 238 (Thursday, December 11, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 73542-73543]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-28991]


========================================================================
Notices
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains documents other than rules
or proposed rules that are applicable to the public. Notices of hearings
and investigations, committee meetings, agency decisions and rulings,
delegations of authority, filing of petitions and applications and agency
statements of organization and functions are examples of documents
appearing in this section.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 79, No. 238 / Thursday, December 11, 2014 /
Notices

[[Page 73542]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Agricultural Marketing Service

[Doc. No. TM-15-01]


Notice of Request for Extension and Revision of a Currently
Approved Information Collection

AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice and request for comments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44
U.S.C. Chapter 35), this notice announces the Agricultural Marketing
Service's (AMS) intention to request approval, from the Office of
Management and Budget, for an extension of and revision to the
currently approved information collection Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program (SCBGP).

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by February 9, 2015 to
be assured of consideration.
 Additional Information or Comments: Interested persons are invited
to submit comments concerning this information collection document.
Comments should be submitted online at www.regulations.gov or sent to
John Miklozek, Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, Marketing Grants and
Compliance Team, Transportation and Marketing Program Agricultural
Marketing Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture; 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 0269, South Building, Washington, DC 20250-0269; by
phone (202) 720-1403; or by facsimile to (202) 690-4152. All comments
should reference the docket number (TM-15-01), the date, and the page
number of this issue of the Federal Register. All comments received
will be posted without change, including any personal information
provided, online at http://www.regulations.gov and will be made
available for public inspection at the above physical address during
regular business hours.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
 Title: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.
 OMB Number: 0581-0248.
 Expiration Date of Approval: 3 years from date of OMB approval.
 Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved
information collection.
 Abstract: The information collection requirements in this request
are applied only to those State departments of agriculture who
voluntarily participate in the SCBGP. The information collected is
needed to certify that grant participants are complying with applicable
program regulations. Data collected is the minimum information
necessary to effectively carry out the requirements of the program, and
to fulfill the intent of Section 101 of the Competitiveness Act of
2004, as amended by Section 10010 of the Agriculture Act of 2014,
Public Law 113-79, the Farm Bill.
 The overall estimated burden hours for this collection of
information is estimated to average 3.275 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of
Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands).
 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 560.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,834 hours.
 State departments of agriculture who wish to participate in the
SCBGP would have to submit the following:
 (a) SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance'', (approved under
OMB collection number 4040-0004) is required to apply for Federal
assistance.
 (b) SF-424B, ``Assurances-Non-Construction Programs'', (approved
under OMB collection number 4040-0007) to assure the Federal government
of the applicant's legal authority to apply for Federal assistance.
 (c) State Plan Narrative. Completed applications must include a
State Plan Narrative to show how grant funds will be utilized to
enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 10 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56 (All 50 States, the District of
Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands).
 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 560 hours.
 Before funds are dispersed, State departments of agriculture must
complete the following forms:
 (a) Grant Agreement. The Grant Agreement (AMS-33) sets forth the
agreed upon responsibilities of AMS project work. It also indicates the
agreed upon grant funding dollar amounts and the beginning date and
ending date of the project work and the Grant Agreement. One copy of
this Grant Agreement is required to be returned to AMS with the
recipient's signatures and dated for each grant.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 2 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.
 (b) SF-270, ``Request for Advance and Reimbursement'' (approved
under OMB collection number 0348-0004) is required whenever the
recipients request an advance or reimbursement of Federal grant funds.
AMS expects that at least three (3) SF-270 forms will be submitted
during the grant agreement period.
 (c) Annual Performance Report. The Annual Performance Report is
required if a grant period is more than one year in length. The Annual
Performance Report is written documentation required to notify AMS
about the work activities and progress towards completing the
recipients' and subrecipients' established project activities, goals
and outcomes. AMS

[[Page 73543]]

expects that at least two (2) Annual Performance Reports will be
submitted during the grant agreement period.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 3 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 112.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.
 (d) Final Performance Report. The Final Performance Report is
written information required by AMS within 90 days after the ending
date of the grant agreement. This information is utilized as final
documentation of completion of the project activities, goals and
outcomes.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 6 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 336 hours.
 (e) Request for Grant Amendment. A State department of agriculture
participating in the SCBGP would have to submit a Request for Grant
Amendment to AMS if there is a change in key personnel, scope or
objectives of the grant, budget changes that exceed more than 20
percent of a project's total budget, request to purchase of special
purpose equipment, request for foreign travel and travel costs for
government officials, and/or an extension of the grant period not to
exceed 3 calendar years.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 1 hour per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 2.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 112 hours.
 (f) SF-425 ``Federal Financial Report'' (approved under OMB
collection number 0348-0061) is to be completed 90 days after the
expiration date of the grant period to comply with various legal and
regulatory requirements as described within the form.
 (g) Audit Report. A State is required to conduct an audit of SCBGP
expenditures and an audit report is required to be submitted to AMS no
later than 30 days after completion of the audit.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 3 hours per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 168 hours.
 (h) SF-428 ``Tangible Personal Property Report'' (approved under
OMB collection number 3090-0289) is to be completed 90 days after the
expiration date of the grant period to comply with various legal and
regulatory requirements as described within the form.
 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of
information is estimated to average 2.75 hour per response.
 Respondents: State departments of agriculture.
 Estimated Number of Respondents: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses: 56.
 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.
 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 154 hours.
 Finally, State departments of agriculture are required to retain
records pertaining to the SCBGP for 3 years after completion of the
grant period or until final resolution of any audit findings or
litigation claims relating to the SCBGP. This is a part of normal
business practice.
 This program would not be maintained by any other Agency,
therefore, the requested information will not be available from any
other existing records.
 AMS is committed to compliance with the Government Paperwork
Elimination Act (GPEA), which requires Government agencies in general
to provide the public the option of submitting information or
transacting business electronically to the maximum extent possible. The
SF-424 and SF-424B forms and State Plan (Narrative) can be completed
electronically and are required to be submitted electronically through
www.grants.gov.
 The SF-425, SF-428, and SF-270 forms can be filled out
electronically and submitted electronically. These forms can be found
at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_forms/.
 The Annual Performance Report, Final Performance Report, Audit
Report, and Request for Grant Amendment can be submitted
electronically. The Grant Agreement requires an original signature and
can be submitted by mail.
 Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of
the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways
to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms
of information technology. Comments may be sent to John Miklozek at the
above physical address, by telephone (202) 720-1403, or by email at
scblockgrants@usda.gov All comments received will be available for
public inspection during regular business hours at the same address.
 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record.

Dated: December 5, 2014.
Rex A. Barnes,
Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-28991 Filed 12-10-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

California: USDA Announces Over $60 Million in Grant Availability for the
Specialty Crop Industry

LENGTH: 130  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is making more than $60 million
in grants available to support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts,
and nursery crops, also known as specialty crops.  The Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (SCBGP) grants are managed cooperatively with state departments of
agriculture and support projects including research, agricultural extension
activities, and programs to address the needs of America's specialty crop
industry. Applications by the states are due by June 7, one month earlier than
in years past.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2013

Goehring extends deadline for specialty crop grants

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 219  words


BISMARCK - Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring has extended the deadline for
applications for the 2013 Specialty Crop Block Grants to May 24.

"North Dakota and Minnesota have cooperated on a number of projects in the
past," Goehring said. "The new deadline is closer to Minnesota's closing date."

Goehring said organizations, institutions and individuals are encouraged to
submit proposals on their own or in partnerships.

The federal Agriculture Marketing Service is expected to award North ' Dakota
about $480,000 for the grants.

Specialty crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops." Specialty crops grown commercially in North
Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils, potatoes, confection sunflowers,
grapes, honey and vegetables.

"Eligible uses for these grants money include developing new seed varieties,
reducing distribution costs, specialty crop research, enhancing food safety,
pest and disease control and developing local and regional food systems," he
said. "Projects that directly benefit specific, commercial products or profit a
single organization, institution or individual are not eligible."

Goehring said an information manual with application instructions, scoring
criteria and an application template can be found on NDDA's website.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Billings County Pioneer


                              237 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Department of Agriculture (USDA)

The Department of Agriculture will submit the following information collection
requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act
of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or after the date of publication of this notice.
Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, Washington, DC; New Executive
Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC, 20503. Commenters are
encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:
OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602.

Comments regarding these information collections are best assured of having
their full effect if received by June 8, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may
be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.

An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.
Agricultural Marketing Service

Title: Specialty Crop Block Grant Program--2008 Farm Bill.

OMB Control Number: 0581-0248.

Summary of Collection: The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program--Farm Bill
(SCBGP-FB) is authorized under section 101 of the Specialty Crops
Competitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note, amended under section 10109 of
the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, the Farm Bill). Section 10109
directs the Secretary of Agriculture to make grants to States to be used by
State departments of agriculture solely to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops.

Need and Use of the Information: The information collected is needed for the
implementation of the SCBGP-FB, to determine a State department of agriculture's
eligibility in the program, and to certify that grant participants are complying
with applicable program regulations.

Description of Respondents: State Agriculture Departments.

Number of Respondents: 56.

Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually.

Total Burden Hours: 1,624.
Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.
[FR Doc. 2015-10951 Filed 5-6-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday

Grants offered to grow fruits, veggies, other speciality crops in Utah

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 219 words


The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food is seeking proposals for grants to
aid in the growing of special crops, such as fruits, vegetables, horticulture
and nursery plants.

The money will be available through the federally funded Specialty Crops Block
Grant Program.

The grants were authorized by the U.S. Farm Bill, which requires the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to partner with state departments of agriculture to
enhance the competitiveness of specialty crop producers. Areas of focus include
marketing, promotion, education, research, trade, and increasing child and adult
nutrition.

Individual producers, producer groups, those in academia, organizations and
associations are eligible to apply either as single entities or in combined
efforts. Each project must demonstrate measurable benefits for the specialty
crop industry and must assist more than just a single producer or company.

Last year, 19 projects were awarded a total $285,000.

This year, approximately $260,000 will be available to Utah producers on a
competitive application basis. Proposals and projects that assist new specialty
crop producers or socially disadvantaged farmers also are encouraged. Matching
funds are not required but are strongly encouraged. Alt Heads:

Grants offered to grow fruits, veggies, other speciality crops in Utah

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                          The Preston Citizen (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2012

Projects selected to receive specialty crop funds

BYLINE: Preston Citizen staff

LENGTH: 307  words


Specialty crop projects across Idaho soon will receive funding via the Idaho
State Department of Agriculture (ISDA) from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The State of Idaho allocated
$844,305.86 to projects that will enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops
.

Twenty-four grant applications were submitted seeking a total of nearly $1.8
million. A panel of industry representatives reviewed and scored all
applications and provided input to ISDA for final selection. Twelve projects
were selected for funding, including research, promotional, and educational
activities for such commodities as potatoes, beans, onions, hops, wine, nursery,
and peas and lentils.

"We are now in the fourth year of this program and are starting to see great
results as some of the projects from 2009 and 2010 are wrapping up," ISDA
Director Celia Gould said. "We've funded a total of 48 projects and have been
able to invest over $3.5 million of federal funding into Idaho's specialty crop
industry. These projects also leverage nearly $2 million of matching funds. This
is a great opportunity to put federal grant dollars to work in Idaho to enhance
the competitiveness of our specialty crop industry."

ISDA's State Plan, including the 12 projects, was submitted to USDA on July 5.
Final approval is expected from USDA in September.

Program requirements governing eligibility were published in the Federal
Register. Specialty crops were defined to include fruits and vegetables, tree
nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture.
Eligible projects were required to benefit more than one organization and solely
enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.

If you have questions about the grant program, please contact Lacey Menasco at
laceymenasco agri.idaho.gov or 208-332-8538.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PRZ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Preston Citizen


                              240 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

NORTHEY: 10 IOWA PROJECTS TO RECEIVE GRANTS TO HELP PROMOTE SPECIALTY CROPS

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:



   Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today announced that the Iowa
Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship will be awarding grants to ten
Iowa projects to help enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops grown in
Iowa.  The Department received $244,401.98 through the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service to support the
program.





 "Specialty crops are a very important part of Iowa agriculture as they allow
farmers to diversify and give customers access to locally grown products,"
Northey said.  "These federal funds will support food safety, research, growing,
and processing methods that will encourage Iowans to choose fruits, vegetables,
nuts and flowers that are produced right here in our state."



 Iowa agricultural non-profit organizations, cooperatives, specialty crop
industry associations or organizations, and producer groups were eligible to
apply for funding.



 The Department also invited public comment from specialty crop stakeholders to
help identify priorities for the program and established a Review Committee to
help review, evaluate, and make recommendations on which grant proposals
submitted to the Department should receive funding.



 The maximum grant award from the Department to sub-grantees is $24,000 and
administrative and indirect costs are not allowed.



 Grant funds shall be used for projects that benefit and enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops industry as a whole, and cannot be for
projects that directly benefit a particular product or provide a profit to a
single organization, institution, or individual.



 "Specialty Crops" that are eligible under this program are fruits and
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture.  The funds not passed through to Iowa organizations will
be used by the Department to administer the grant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

NORTHEY: 10 IOWA PROJECTS TO RECEIVE GRANTS TO HELP PROMOTE SPECIALTY CROPS

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:



   Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today announced that the Iowa
Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship will be awarding grants to ten
Iowa projects to help enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops grown in
Iowa.  The Department received $244,401.98 through the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service to support the
program.





 "Specialty crops are a very important part of Iowa agriculture as they allow
farmers to diversify and give customers access to locally grown products,"
Northey said.  "These federal funds will support food safety, research, growing,
and processing methods that will encourage Iowans to choose fruits, vegetables,
nuts and flowers that are produced right here in our state."



 Iowa agricultural non-profit organizations, cooperatives, specialty crop
industry associations or organizations, and producer groups were eligible to
apply for funding.



 The Department also invited public comment from specialty crop stakeholders to
help identify priorities for the program and established a Review Committee to
help review, evaluate, and make recommendations on which grant proposals
submitted to the Department should receive funding.



 The maximum grant award from the Department to sub-grantees is $24,000 and
administrative and indirect costs are not allowed.



 Grant funds shall be used for projects that benefit and enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops industry as a whole, and cannot be for
projects that directly benefit a particular product or provide a profit to a
single organization, institution, or individual.



 "Specialty Crops" that are eligible under this program are fruits and
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture.  The funds not passed through to Iowa organizations will
be used by the Department to administer the grant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

Highland Community College to launch wine business incubator

BYLINE: By Morgan Chilson.

morgan.chilson@cjoline.com

LENGTH: 922 words


A wine business incubator at Highland Community College in Wamego will be the
first of its kind in Kansas, offering a unique opportunity for Kansans to get
into the wine-making business.

"The college has been teaching grape growing, winemaking classes since 2010,"
said Scott Kohl, director of the school's viticulture and enology program. "To
open a winery on your own, you're looking at well into the six figures to get
the building, buy the equipment, do the marketing. What we thought we would try
to do is create something no different than any other business incubator, but
instead of office spaces with internet, we have spaces with wine tanks for wine
vendors to share."

HCC received a $90,000 grant, announced this week by the Kansas Department of
Agriculture, to get the wine incubator started. It was part of a $283,597.28
grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture through the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program.

Kohl said HCC is at the beginning stages of planning the new incubator, but they
plan to purchase a building that will allow four to six wineries to locate in
one space. It will include a common set of pumps, a bottling line and other
equipment the wineries will share.

As far as he knows, aside from incubators in Texas, this will be the first wine
business incubator west of the Rockies, Kohl said.

Kohl is excited to take this next step, building on the success of HCC's
viticulture and enology program. Since becoming a degree-granting program in
2010, Kohl said 112 students have attended classes.

"The average age of our students is about 45 years old," he said, adding that
many are people who have been working for about 20 years and they're interested
in doing something new. Many aren't degree seeking, but want to take enough
classes and get enough information to start their own business.

"They want to do something fun for career number two," he said.

Jesse Gilpin, 28, of Manhattan, is younger than that age group, but agreed most
of his classmates are older. And for him, it is something of a second career. He
was taking classes at Kansas State University and joined the Army. When he got
out, he was working in a restaurant where he became interested in wine and
became a sommelier, or wine steward.

"I decided that I wanted to make wine and not just serve it," he said.

Gilpin began to look for a program where he could learn about enology and grape
growing. He was researching schools in Washington and other states when he
stumbled upon the HCC program.

"It's not well-known, but it's a great, great program," he said.

Gilpin has two classes left to complete the enology and viticulture tracks, but
HCC doesn't offer those; he'll take them online. He already has a job, though,
through a man he met taking classes at HCC. The man plans to start a vineyard in
Excelsior Springs, Mo., and he hired Gilpin to work for him. Eventually, they
will open a winery on the site, but it will take three or four years before
their vineyard will yield grapes to make wine.

Gilpin is excited to take his career further and said he is drawn to the field
for "the mix of art and science."

"There's lab analysis of everything but the winemaker has such a heavy hand in
it, just by skill and art," he said. Gilpin has helped make the wines that HCC
sells, and also makes wine and mead at home.

"I keep bees, so I've got a couple of batches of mead I'm going to experiment
with," he said.

Kohl said people are sometimes surprised at how much chemistry knowledge is
required to make wine.

Students in the HCC program are able to learn all aspects of running a winery,
he said. The school has three vineyards located near Wamego, and it runs a
winery on campus.

The Kansas wine industry is growing. According to the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco
Tax and Trade Bureau, the number of gallons of still wines produced in Kansas
grew from 62,583 in 2007 to 85,038 in 2015.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program helps the state support crops like
grapes, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops.

Other grants made as part of the program are:

- Kansas Rural Center, Enhancing Specialty Crop Production and Profitability,
$47,337 - Provides research of best management and conservation practices for
specialty crop production, as well as the dissemination of information, in order
for producers to improve production and profitability of their operations.

- Seward County Community College/Area Technical School , Specialty Crop
Incubator Program, $60,382 - KDA will continue its partnership with Seward
County Community College to provide a specialty crop incubator program, allowing
small specialty crop businesses to enter the industry. Conferences will be
offered focusing on business management and specialty crop knowledge, while
educational opportunities for area schoolchildren will be expanded.

- Kansas Department of Agriculture , Education Program for Great Plains Growers
Conference, $34,090.81 - Provides conference registration reimbursement and
stipend for specialty crop producers to attend the Great Plains Growers
Conference located in St. Joseph, Mo.

- K-State Research and Extension, Strengthening Food Safety Education for Kansas
Fruit and Vegetable Producers, $33,352 - Partners with K-State Research and
Extension to provide training and resources for Kansas fruit and vegetable
growers on produce safety, particularly related to the Food Safety Modernization
Act (FSMA). Personnel will undergo a train-the-trainer workshop, enabling them
to provide training to producers within the state.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Mexico: NMDA announces two grant programs to expand New Mexico agriculture

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

(LAS CRUCES, NM) - New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are invited
to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding through one
of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico.  Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).  NMDA serves
as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey - they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds.  See USDA's definition and list of specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap.  Project length varies from one to three years.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20,
2015.  Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF).  Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions
on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit.  Another difference is
that ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015.  Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement.  Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts.  The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces:  March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street
    Santa Fe:  March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda
Meeting Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Grant to boost research into specialty crops

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Sept. 26--Research into specialty crops in Washington and Idaho is getting a new
infusion of cash.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Tuesday more than $4 million in
Specialty Crop Block Grants to support agricultural research and export
promotion in the two states.

Idaho will receive more than $1 million in funds for 11 projects, six of which
will be through the University of Idaho. Research there will focus on projects
to increase apple acreage in orchards, helping bean growers manage input costs
and minimizing annual losses in the potato industry.

Of the 24 projects in Washington, combined receiving more than $3.2 million, 11
will be with researchers from Washington State University.

Efforts to increase awareness and availability of Washington wine and pears in
foreign markets, like China, are designed to increase demand for the products,
while access to the AgWeatherNet portal, which makes localized weather
predictions up to 72 hours in advance, will allow specialty crop growers to make
more informed farming decisions.

Josh Paulsen, director of WSU's College of Agricultural, Human and Natural
Resource Science, said the grant will make a big difference not just in local
pursuits, like Washington wines and the AgWeatherNet system, projects which
received $46,000 and $198,000 respectively, but for other industries related to
specialty crops, as well.

"It will allow other industries and universities (that) have any touchpoints
with what's being done in these projects to ultimately improve their crop
production and the overall economy for such crops," Paulsen said. "It sounds
like it will be a great thing for the state."

___ (c)2013 the Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) Visit the
Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) at www.dnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130926-1MW-Grant-to-boost-research-into-specialty-crops-0926-20130926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2013 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              245 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2008 Florida State University
                    Journal of Land Use & Environmental Law

                                   Fall, 2008

                    Journal of Land Use & Environmental Law

                        24 J. Land Use & Envtl. Law 159

LENGTH: 17194 words

ARTICLE: FEDERAL LAW AND LEGISLATION

NAME: Lindsay Voirin*

BIO:


* J.D., expected May 2009, Florida State University College of Law. I am
thankful to Joe Percopo for his helpful comments.


 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... A five justice majority concluded that the district court abused its
discretion by requiring the Navy to (1) shut down MFA sonar when a marine mammal
is spotted within 2,200 yards of a sonar-emitting vessel and (2) power down MFA
sonar by six decibels during "significant surface ducting conditions," where
sonar detection becomes difficult due to specific, infrequent ocean conditions.
... On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed, but remanded for a narrowing of the
injunction to provide mitigating conditions under which the Navy could conduct
its training exercises.  ... In Part I, Justice Breyer first reasoned it was
appropriate to vacate the injunction because the evidence was weak to justify
the two additional mitigating conditions, and the Navy had made a strong case
for their national security concerns.  ... The $ 5 billion in punitive damages
awarded by the jury and the reduced $ 2.5 billion punitive damages judgment
entered by the Ninth Circuit against EXXON Shipping Co. and its owner EXXON
Mobil Corp.  ... The National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (NISA) was enacted by
Congress and implemented by the Coast Guard to regulate ballast water, but it
failed to regulate vessels that declare they have no ballast on board (commonly
called "NOBOBs").  ... Food, Conservation, and Energy Act The Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act (the "Farm Bill") governs federal agriculture
programs for the next five years.  ... Emergency Economic Stabilization Act The
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act promotes the use of renewable energy
resources as well as the use of fuels such as oil shale, tar sands, and liquid
coal through the authorization of new tax credits and extension of existing tax
credits. .  ... Producers of steel industry fuel are now eligible for the tax
credit available to producers of energy through renewable resources.  ... A
three percent reduction in the tax deduction for income attributable to domestic
production activities for taxpayers with income derived from activities related
to oil, gas, or any primary products thereof is provided. . 2008 U.S.  ... The
EPA is required to produce a report within one year on current mercury levels in
products, including non-mercury alternatives that can be substituted for
mercury-containing products.

TEXT:
 [*160]

   I. Judicial Decisions


   A. Harm to Marine Mammals Is Outweighed by National Security Concerns - Navy
Will Continue Sonar Training Exercises


   Winter v. NRDC involved the Navy's use of "mid-frequency active" (MFA) sonar
in training exercises off the coast of Southern California. n1 Thirty-seven
species of marine mammals, including beaked whales which are particularly
susceptible to injury from active sonar, live in these waters. n2 Active sonar
is the Navy's most effective antisubmarine warfare technology, and antisubmarine
warfare is currently considered the top war-fighting priority by the Navy's
Pacific Fleet. n3 Forces deploy in coordinated strike groups including a sonar
operator. n4 The use of MFA sonar is mission-critical, and strike groups must
demonstrate proficiency for

    deployment certification. n5 Admiral Gary Roughead, Chief of Naval
Operations, stated that "if effective sonar training were not possible [during
training exercises]-the training value of the other elements would also be
degraded." n6


   A five justice majority concluded that the district court abused its
discretion by requiring the Navy to (1) shut down MFA sonar when a marine mammal
is spotted within 2,200 yards of a sonar-emitting vessel and (2) power down MFA
sonar by six decibels during "significant surface ducting conditions," where
sonar detection becomes difficult due to specific, infrequent ocean conditions.
n7 Chief Justice Roberts, writing for the majority, further clarified that a
plaintiff shall not be granted injunctive relief upon establishing a mere
possibility of irreparable harm to the environment, but rather must meet the
weightier burden of showing a likelihood of irreparable harm absent the grant of
injunctive relief. n8 Accordingly, the Court reversed and vacated the
preliminary injunction  [*161]  that restricted the Navy's right to use MFA in
antisubmarine warfare training exercises off the Southern California coast. n9


   Prior to commencement of any sonar training, the Department of Defense
granted the Navy a two year exemption from the Marine Mammal Protection Act of
1972 (MMPA), conditioned on a set of mitigating procedures, for fourteen
training exercises involving MFA sonar scheduled intermittently until January of
2009. n10 In February 2007, the Navy completed an environmental assessment to
evaluate the environmental impact of the training exercises. n11 Potential
physical injuries to dolphins (eight) and potential disruptions to behavioral
patterns of beaked whales (274) predicted by the assessment would be mitigated
through voluntary measures. n12 Thus the Navy determined no significant
environmental impact from the training exercises and concluded that no
environmental impact statement (EIS) was required under the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA). n13


   The Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) and other environmentalist
groups alleged injury to marine mammals by the Navy's use of MFA sonar and filed
suit against the Navy in the Central District of California alleging violation
of the NEPA, the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and the Coastal Zone Management
Act of 1972 (CZMA) for its failure to prepare an EIS. n14 The district court
found a "demonstrated probability of success" regarding plaintiff's claims under
NEPA and the CZMA, a "near certainty" of irreparable injury to the environment,
and in the balancing of interests, the court concluded that environmental
concerns outweigh any harm to the Navy that may occur by granting the
injunction. n15


   The Navy filed an emergency appeal, and the Ninth Circuit stayed the
injunction pending appeal. n16 On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed, but
remanded for a narrowing of the injunction to provide mitigating conditions
under which the Navy could conduct  [*162]  its training exercises. n17 On
remand, the district court entered a new preliminary injunction with built-in
parameters for conditional use of MFA sonar. n18 The Navy filed notice of appeal
and challenged two of the district court's six restrictions. n19


   The Navy then sought relief through alternative means and successfully
pursued an exemption from the CZMA from the executive branch. n20 The President
authorized the Navy's antisubmarine warfare training exercises without
restriction, deeming them essential to national security. n21 The Council on
Environmental Quality also gave the Navy permission to implement alternative
arrangements to NEPA in light of "emergency circumstances," reasoning that the
district court's injunction would prevent strike groups from performing at full
capacity. n22 Thereafter, the Navy moved to vacate the district court's
injunction with respect to the two appealed measures, but the district court
refused to do so. n23 The Ninth Circuit affirmed. n24 The Supreme Court granted
certiorari. n25


   In Part III(A), the Court concluded that a balancing of the interests tips
strongly in favor of the Navy. n26 After objectifying the correct "likelihood of
irreparable harm" standard to apply, Chief Justice Roberts explained that the
lower courts did not give proper deference to Navy officers. n27 In Part III(B),
the Court determined that even if the plaintiffs did suffer irreparable injury
their interest is still outweighed by the public interest and by the Navy's
[*163]  interest in training sailors. n28 In Part IV, the Court concluded it
unnecessary to proceed to the merits of the plaintiffs' claim. n29


   Justice Breyer filed a separate two-part opinion, and Justice Stevens joined
in Part I. n30 In Part I, Justice Breyer agreed with the Court in concluding to
vacate the district court's injunction to the extent that it was challenged by
the Navy. n31 Justice Breyer diverged from the majority in Part II by concluding
that mitigating conditions should remain in place until the Navy's completion of
the EIS. n32


   In Part I, Justice Breyer first reasoned it was appropriate to vacate the
injunction because the evidence was weak to justify the two additional
mitigating conditions, and the Navy had made a strong case for their national
security concerns. n33 Second, the Navy officials' affidavits persuasively
showed that the year it would take to complete an EIS would seriously interfere
with necessary defense training and thus pose a national security concern. n34
Third, in balancing the harms, the district court rejected the Naval officers'
contentions that the Navy could not train under the imposed mitigating
conditions without substantial harm, but it gave to explanation for doing so.
n35 Fourth, the court of appeals's attempt to supply an explanation was
described as "insufficient" by Justice Breyer, since rarity of surface ducting
conditions implies necessity to train in such conditions, rather than the
contrary. n36 Fifth, neither the court of appeals nor the district court
explained why the Navy's assertions that it could not effectively carry out its
training under the mitigating conditions imposed by the district court should be
rejected. n37


   In Part II, Justice Breyer and the majority diverged on when to vacate the
injunction. Justice Breyer disagreed with the majority's decision to immediately
vacate the mitigating conditions imposed by the district court. n38 He concluded
that the modifications made by the court of appeals to the two challenged
measures reflected the best short-term compromise in balancing the parties'
interests. n39 These modifications had reduced the power-down require-  [*164]
ment to only when sonar was being used at a "critical point in the exercise" and
only necessitated shut-down of sonar during surface ducting conditions when a
marine mammal was detected at five hundred meters or less. n40 Accordingly,
Justice Breyer would have kept the modified injunction in place until the Navy
completed the requisite EIS. n41


   Justice Ginsburg, with whom Justice Souter joined, dissented from the
majority. n42 She concluded that the Navy must comply with NEPA and that the
Navy improperly sought an exemption from the executive branch since only
Congress possesses such authority. n43 Accordingly, she would have held that the
district court properly balanced the equities and did not abuse its discretion.
n44


   B. Maritime Tort Liability Limited to 1:1 Ratio Where Conduct Is Found
Reckless


   In EXXON Shipping Co. v. Baker, the Court determined that the Clean Water Act
(CWA) does not preempt maritime law or foreclose the issue of punitive damages.
n45 The $ 5 billion in punitive damages awarded by the jury and the reduced $
2.5 billion punitive damages judgment entered by the Ninth Circuit against EXXON
Shipping Co. and its owner EXXON Mobil Corp. (collectively, "EXXON") were deemed
excessive by the United States Supreme Court. n46 The Court held that in
maritime tort suits punitive damages must not exceed a 1:1 ratio with
compensatory damages. n47


   EXXON employee Joseph Hazelwood, with known alcohol abuse problems, was
captain of the EXXON Valdez supertanker that left port March 23, 1989 and
grounded on Bligh reef hours later, spilling eleven million gallons of crude oil
into Prince William Sound. n48 Experts estimated the captain's Blood Alcohol
Level to have been 0.241 at the time of the accident. n49 Suit was brought
against EXXON by commercial fisherman and native Alaskans for economic losses.
n50 EXXON plead guilty to criminal violations, paid over $ 1 billion to settle
civil actions, and spent $ 2.1 billion in clean up efforts. n51 All remaining
civil cases were consolidated. n52

     [*165]

   The District Court for the District of Alaska separated the issues and tried
the case in three phases. In Phase I, the jury determined that the captain was
reckless and that EXXON could be held liable for punitive damages. n53 In Phase
II, the jury awarded $ 287 million in compensatory damages to the commercial
fisherman. n54 In Phase III, the jury awarded punitive damages of $ 5,000
against the captain and $ 5 billion against EXXON. n55 On appeal, the Ninth
Circuit upheld the district court's opinion, but after remanding twice for a
reassessment of punitive damages, it adjusted the judgment to $ 2.5 billion. n56
The Supreme Court granted certiorari. n57


   Part I of the Court's opinion discusses the abovementioned case history. n58
In Part II, the issue of derivative liability divided the eight sitting
justices, and they accordingly left the Ninth Circuit's opinion undisturbed. n59


   In Part III, the Court recognized two ways to construe EXXON's argument that
common law punitive damages for maritime spills are preempted by the CWA, but it
declined to proceed down either path. n60 First, the Court rejected the view
that any tort action predicated on an oil spill, such as the common law duty to
protect shorelines from harm, is preempted unless expressly preserved by the
CWA. n61 Second, the Court rejected the view that compensatory damages might
still be appropriate if punitive damages are found to be precluded. n62


   In Part IV, the Court held that a 1:1 ratio is a fair upper limit for
punitive damages in maritime cases. n63 Applying the new rule in Part V, the
Court vacated the Ninth Circuit's decision and remanded. n64 The Court reasoned
that the 1:1 ratio protects against the possibility of awards that are
unpredictable and unnecessary. n65 In reaching the above conclusion, the Court
considered the prevailing rule of reducing punitive damages that shock the
conscience, state laws on punitive damages, the median ratios of punitive and
[*166]  compensatory damages from jury trials and bench trials, predictability
of liability, and three possible solutions to punitive liability in maritime
cases. n66


   Justice Scalia, with Justice Thomas joining, filed a brief concurrence. n67
He concluded that the arguments put forth by petitioners were correct, but not
the decisions on which they based their arguments. n68


   Justice Stevens joined the majority opinion except with respect to Parts IV
and V, and filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part. n69 In
disagreeing with Parts IV and V, he made two main points. n70 First, he
concluded that Congress's decision not to limit punitive damages under maritime
law should not be taken as an invitation for the Court to do so. n71 Second,
Justice Stevens found the empirical data used by the majority to support the 1:1
ratio to be problematic, and he concluded that Congress should be the one
evaluating the empirical data rather than the Court. n72 His main contention was
that the tort cases used to compile the data were from land use disputes rather
than maritime. n73 Damages that qualify as compensatory in land use judgments
are oftentimes only recoverable as punitive under maritime law. n74 Thus,
Justice Stevens would have left undisturbed the court of appeals's decision to
halve the punitive damages awarded by the jury. n75


   Justice Ginsburg also agreed with the Court's opinion regarding Parts I, II,
and III and dissented with respect to parts IV and V, focusing on the merits of
the plaintiffs' claim. n76 She first questioned the urgency to depart from the
traditional common-law approach which allows juries to decide the amount of
punitive damages. n77 Second, she believed the 1:1 ratio utilized by the Court
lacks clarity in application. n78 Finally, Justice Ginsburg agreed with Justice
Stevens that Congress is best situated to determine the necessity in limiting
punitive damages. n79

     [*167]

   Justice Breyer likewise filed a separate opinion agreeing with Parts I, II,
and III, but disagreeing with Parts IV and V because he was unable to find
"[any] reasoned basis to disagree with the Court of Appeals' conclusion." n80
Specifically, Justice Breyer did not believe a fixed rigid standard was more
appropriate than the existing legal process. n81


   C. Michigan Ballast Water Permitting Requirements Determined Valid


   In Fednav, Ltd. v. Chester, shipping companies and shipping associations were
unsuccessful in challenging Michigan's Ballast Water Statute, which requires
harboring vessels to acquire a permit and comply with practices to prevent the
introduction of Aquatic Nuisance Species (ANS). n82


   ANS are nonindigenous species that threaten native species after their
introduction into a harbor through discharge of ballast water from oceangoing
vessels. n83 For example, the zebra mussel's migration from Eastern European
waters to the Great Lakes via ballast discharge cost the coastal communities
billions of dollars in the 1990s due to its vast consumption of microorganisms
which young fish rely on for food. n84 The National Invasive Species Act of 1996
(NISA) was enacted by Congress and implemented by the Coast Guard to regulate
ballast water, but it failed to regulate vessels that declare they have no
ballast on board (commonly called "NOBOBs"). n85 Such ships often take on
ballast water after unloading cargo. n86 Since ANS are typically left over from
a previous discharge, introduction of ANS into a harbor may occur if the newly
acquired ballast water is subsequently released. n87 This loophole vitiated the
effectiveness of federal efforts, and the introduction of ANS into the Great
Lakes harbors remained a concern of

    bordering states. n88


   In 2005, Michigan legislators passed a permit requirement applicable to all
vessels in Michigan ports. n89 Ballast water control permit applicants are
required to show that any registered ocean  [*168]  going vessel will not
discharge ANS or that the vessel uses approved methods to prevent discharge of
ANS. n90 General permit compliance includes submitting general notification
reports at least twenty-four hours in advance of port entry. n91


   A coalition of shipping companies, non-profit shipping associations, a port
terminal and dock operator, and a port association brought suit in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan against the director
of the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ), Steven Chester, and
the Attorney General for the State of Michigan, Michael Cox, seeking an
injunction against the statute's enforcement and challenging its
constitutionality. n92 After holding oral arguments, the court granted the
defendants' motion to dismiss. n93


   On appeal, the Sixth Circuit first examined whether each of the plaintiffs
had standing to challenge the statute's requirements that oceangoing vessels
obtain a permit (the "permit requirement") and that they employ a treatment
system approved by the MDEQ as a safe and effective means of preventing the
discharge of ANS (the "treatment requirement"). n94


   The Sixth Circuit determined that each of the shipping companies had standing
to challenge the permit requirement since compliance with the statute requires
them to purchase a permit, constituting an injury in fact. n95 The shipping
associations resultantly had standing to protect its members' interests since
its members qualify for standing in their own right. n96 Nicholson Terminal and
Dock Association was found to lack standing because it failed to allege that it
suffered an injury-in-fact as a result of the permit requirement and instead
alleged that its customers were harmed. n97 The court said that the Ports
Association likewise lacked standing since its port facility members lack
standing. n98


   No plaintiff had standing to challenge the treatment requirement because,
rather than allege that "actual or imminent" compliance required costly
installation of a treatment system, plaintiffs claimed that they do not
discharge ballast waters in the State  [*169]  of Michigan and that they do not
discharge ballast waters containing ANS. n99


   In determining that federal ANS law is not preempted by Michigan's ANS
statute, the court first examined whether Congress preoccupied the field of
prevention of ANS introduction into the Great Lakes, in which the permit
requirement falls. n100 The court found that Congress actually encouraged
enactment of additional state ANS prevention measures by offering to help with
costs. n101


   NISA's savings clause did, however, preserve state power to "adopt or enforce
control measures" to regulate ANS. n102 Therefore, the court next examined
whether the requirement conflicted with federal law. n103 Here, the court found
that compliance with both Michigan's permit requirement and NISA was possible.
n104 Moreover, NISA's purpose of "preventing unintentional introduction and
dispersal of nonindigenous species into waters of the United States through
ballast water management" was furthered by the Ballast Water Statute's
requirement that vessel owners provide information regarding their ballast water
practices to the MDEQ. n105

   The court next examined the alleged violation of the Dormant Commerce Clause
by Michigan's Ballast Water Statute, and ultimately determined that the Commerce
Clause in its dormancy could not strike down the state regulation of ANS
prevention since Congress expressly contemplated and even encouraged state
participation. n106 Lastly, the plaintiffs' substantive due process claim failed
the court's rational-basis review because Michigan has a legitimate state
interest in protecting its waters from the introduction of ANS species. n107


   D. "Formula Retail" Ordinance Violates Dormant Commerce Clause


   In Island Silver & Spice v. Islamorada, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals
determined that the "formula retail" provisions of Islamorada, Florida's
Township ordinance discriminated against interstate commerce by eliminating new
interstate retail chains and that Islamorada failed to demonstrate a legitimate
local purpose since it lacks the small town character it sought to pre-  [*170]
serve. n108 Consequently, the court found the formula retail provisions in
violation of the Dormant Commerce Clause. n109


   The ordinance prohibited formula restaurants and restricted formula retail
establishments by limiting their street level frontage and total square footage.
n110 Island Silver and Spice, Inc. ("Island Silver") tried to sell its store
property to Walgreens drug store, but Walgreens withdrew from the purchase after
being unable to successfully overcome the ordinance. n111 Island Silver brought
suit against Islamorada seeking damages, injunctive relief, and a writ of
mandamus on the grounds that the ordinance's formula retail provisions violated
its rights to due process, commercial speech, equal protection, privileges and
immunities, the Commerce Clause, and terms of the Florida Constitution. n112


   The district court ruled in favor of Island Silver, granting monetary and
injunctive relief and invalidating the ordinance's formula retail provisions.
n113 The court reasoned that the provisions discriminatorily impacted interstate
commerce without a legitimate state purpose and that the "putative local
benefits" were outweighed by the burden on interstate commerce, thus
constituting a violation of the Dormant Commerce Clause. n114


   On appeal, the Eleventh Circuit applied elevated scrutiny and concluded, like
the district court, that Islamorada had failed to show a legitimate local
purpose for enacting the ordinance. n115 The court applied elevated scrutiny
because the formula retail provisions effectively eliminated all new interstate
retailers and thus had the practical effect of "discriminating against
interstate commerce." n116


   Islamorada's purported local purpose in enacting the township ordinance was
preservation of various "small town" community characteristics. n117 The
Eleventh Circuit agreed with the district court's conclusion that preservation
of small town character is indeed a legitimate purpose, but that Islamorada had
failed to demonstrate that it had any such "small town character to preserve."
n118 For that reason, the Eleventh Circuit affirmed. n119

     [*171]

   E. Improper Delisting of a Regulated Emissions Source Required Vacating Clean
Air Mercury Rule


   In New Jersey v. EPA, the court held that the delisting of electric utility
steam generating units from the list of regulated emission sources under section
112 of the Clean Air Act was unlawful. n120 Accordingly, the court granted the
petitions and vacated the rule that removed coal and electric fired electric
utility steam generating units (EGUs) from the list of sources whose emissions
are regulated under section 112 and the Clean Air Mercury Rule (CAMR)
regulations that set performance standards pursuant to section 111 for new
coal-fired EGUs and established total mercury emissions limits. n121


   In March 2005, the EPA announced it was removing EGUs from the list of
regulated emission sources under section 112 and that it would instead regulate
the mercury emissions from coal-fired EGUs under section 111. n122 The EPA
justified the delisting by claiming that the section 112 inclusion was not a
"final agency action," but admitted that it failed to follow the mandated
delisting procedure required by section 112(c)(9). n123


   New Jersey and fourteen other states brought suit against the EPA for failure
to comply with section 112 delisting requirements. n124 The court reviewed EPA's
final rules for abuse of discretion and found that the EPA had no authority to
delist without taking the required steps under section 112(c)(9). n125 The EPA
conceded that it never made the findings that section 112 requires in order to
delist EGUs. n126


   First, the court rejected the EPA's argument seeking deference to its
interpretation of the section 112 rules and determined that the plain language
of section 112(c)(9) applies to the delisting of "any source" once listed. n127
Second, the court rejected the EPA's argument that it had inherent authority to
remove EGUs from the section 112 list because this position would obviate any
purpose for section 112(c)(9). n128 The court added that Congress undoubtedly
limited the EPA's discretion to remove sources from section  [*172]  112(c)(1)
with its passage of section 112(c)(9). n129 Lastly, the court rejected the
argument that the EPA's removal of sources from the section 112 list in the past
without following the section 112(c)(9) requirements could excuse it once again
for removal of a source without following such procedures. n130 Accordingly, the
court found it necessary to vacate both the delisting rule and the new
regulations. The court reasoned that because the new regulations were
promulgated on the basis that EGU emissions would no longer be regulated under
section 112, the new CAMR performance standards must fall. n131


   F. Storm Water Discharge from Oil and Gas Construction Sites Not Exempt from
the Clean Water Act


   In NRDC v. EPA, the Ninth Circuit rejected the EPA's rule interpretation of
section 402(l)(2) of the Clean Water Act (CWA) as amended by section 323 of the
Energy Policy Act of 2005. n132 The EPA interpreted section 402(l)(2)'s
exemption of certain properties from storm water runoff permitting requirements
to include oil, gas, and mining construction sites. n133 Section 402(l)(2)
provides:


   The Administrator shall not require a permit under this section, nor shall
the Administrator directly or indirectly require any State to require a permit,
for discharges of storm water runoff from mining operations or oil and gas
exploration, production, processing, or treatment operations or transmission
facilities, composed entirely of flows . . . which are not contaminated by
contact with, or do not come into contact with, any overburden, raw material,
intermediate products, finished product, byproduct, or waste products located on
the site of such operations. n134

     [*173]

   The EPA's position prior to passage of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 was that
section 402(l)(2) created an exemption only for "facilities" or "operations" to
forgo storm water permitting requirements for uncontaminated runoff and that
construction activities associated with an oil and gas operation were not
included. n135 The EPA's final rule added that the Director "may not require a
permit for discharges of storm water runoff from . . . field activities or
operations associated with oil and gas exploration, production . . . whether or
not such field activities or operations may be considered to be construction
activities." n136 The EPA asserted that passage of the Energy Policy Act of 2005
exempted oil and gas construction activities from having to acquire permits
under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES). n137 In the
past, the EPA has both explicitly and implicitly supported the permitting of
storm water runoff from construction sites by publicly acknowledging the water
contamination concerns associated with storm water runoff from construction
sites and by implementing a two-phased approach to pollution control that
allowed the EPA to target the most serious offenders. n138


   The NRDC petitioned the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to review
directly the EPA's final rule. n139 The court determined that section 402(l)(2)
was intended to exempt only facilities and activities that produced
uncontaminated storm water runoff. n140 The EPA argued that a reasonable
interpretation should limit the 402(l)(2) exemption to discharges not
contaminated by contact with raw material, intermediate product, or finished
product, since Congress intended to broaden 402(l)(2) to include all
construction activities at oil and gas field operations. n141 Finding Congress
to have been silent on the issue, the court refused to accept the EPA's
proposition that storm water containing only sediment was meant to fall within
the permitting exemption and found  [*174]  that sediment is the pollutant most
commonly associated with construction activity. n142


   The court found the EPA arbitrary and capricious in its rule interpretation
due to its inconsistency in position regarding the definition of "contamination"
and in the need for permitting requirements on oil and gas construction sites.
n143 Moreover, the EPA's failure to previously mention sediment and the absence
of the word "sediment" in the CWA made the EPA's focus on sediment unconvincing.
n144


   The rule was vacated, and the issue was remanded for revision by the EPA.
n145 Left unresolved was when is permitting required and how to know when storm
water is contaminated by contact with the materials listed in Section 402(l)(2).


   Judge Callahan dissented and concluded that the EPA's change of position
regarding the meaning of contamination was not fatal to the EPA's rule
interpretation, so long as the EPA could explain the departure from its prior
view. n146 He reasoned that when Congress included construction activities
within the CWA it reasonably could have intended to include the most common
pollutant in runoff (sediment) in the promulgated exemption. n147


   G. Coal Producer Settles Pollution Lawsuit, $ 20 Million in Fines


   The largest civil penalty ever assessed by the EPA for wastewater discharge
permit violations under the CWA was charged against Massey Energy for repeated
violation of sections 301 and 402 at its coal mines in West Virginia and
Kentucky. n148 A $ 20 million penalty levied for wastewater discharge permit
violations was part of a $ 30 million settlement in which Massey Energy agreed
to implement a compliance program to prevent future violations, perform twenty
remediation projects downstream from the company's coal mining operations on the
Little Coal River, and set aside a two hundred acre mitigation bank of land
along the stream. n149 The EPA estimated that 380 million pounds of sediment and
other pollutants will be prevented from entering U.S. waterways every year. n150

     [*175]

   In April of 2008, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West
Virginia entered the consent judgment after approving Massey Energy's proposed
consent decree. n151 The consent decree resolved civil liability of Massey
Energy for all CWA and NPDES violations prior to and through January 17, 2008.
n152 The consent decree stipulated to future monitoring and attendant federal
penalties for any noncompliance with the conditions set forth in the consent
decree. n153


   During the public comment period a citizen of Sundial, West Virginia asked
the United States to earmark the $ 20 million to fund the building of a new
local elementary school because Massey Energy built a 2.8 billion gallon coal
waste impoundment directly above Sundial's public elementary school. n154
Although the CWA does not specify where collected funds must be paid, the United
States used the Miscellaneous Receipts Act, which requires persons in possession
of public money to deposit it in the Treasury, as its basis for denying the
earmark request. n155 While the $ 20 million in "public money" will be paid to
the U.S. Treasury, the local communities were afforded some relief through local
mitigation projects. n156 Here, swift state environmental enforcement action
would have provided West Virginia and Kentucky the opportunity to use settlement
funds for state purposes and the right to investigate future violations by
Massey Energy within their jurisdiction.


   II. Legislation


   A. Food, Conservation, and Energy Act


   The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act (the "Farm Bill") governs federal
agriculture programs for the next five years. n157 Although President Bush
vetoed the bill, the House of Representatives voted on June 18, 2008 to pass the
Farm Bill notwithstanding the veto. n158 The Farm Bill includes new and renewed
agricultural subsidies for farmers, increases in food stamp benefits, funding
for research grants, increased support for the production of renewable  [*176]
fuel sources new programs and funding to support organic crops, new nutrition
programs including increased funding for states to provide fresh fruits and
vegetables, and new initiatives to help beginning and socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.


   1. Commodities n159


   Pulse crops-such as dry peas, lentils, and small and large chickpeas-now
qualify as a commodity that is eligible for income support, although not through
direct payments. n160 Covered  n161


   Dairy price support now comes in the form of set minimum prices at which the
Secretary must purchase specific products, such as cheddar cheese in blocks at
not less than $ 1.13 per pound, butter at not less than $ 1.05 per pound, and
nonfat dry milk at not less than $ 0.80 per pound. n162


   The production of oilseeds that are genetically modified to enhance human
health is subsidized from 2009-2012, subject to appropriation of authorized
funds.


   2. Organic and Specialty Crops n163


   The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program provides funding to State Agriculture

   I.Departments for U.S. specialty crop research, marketing, and promotion.
n164 The purpose is to encourage competitiveness of specialty crops-such as
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops-by funding initiatives to
increase consumption, reduce costs of distribution, address environmental and
conservation concerns, and develop "buy local" programs. n165

     [*177]

   Organic producers and those producers interested in pursuit of certification
may pursue enrollment in the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP). n166 The
program provides farmers with land at an average cost of $ 18.00 an acre per
year. In addition, monetary payments are given in exchange for their adoption of
conservation practices.


   The Secretary is required to establish means for producers to initiate
organic certification during CSP participation.


   The CSP program specifications must allow for organic and specialty crop
producers to participate. In addition, outreach and technical assistance must be
made available to CSP participants, including organic and specialty crop
participants.


   Organic producers and farmers in transition to organic production are now
eligible for incentive payments under the Environmental Quality Incentives
Program. n167 The program provides payments to producers to cover costs
associated with the implementation of conservation practices on cropland,
grassland, pastureland, rangeland, forestland, or agricultural land. Recouped
costs may be associated with design materials, labor, equipment, installation,
maintenance, training, or management.


   Beginning or socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers and producers of
limited resources may receive increased payments, up to ninety percent of costs
with up to thirty percent in advance.


   Producers may apply to receive payments to help with the costs of organic
certification or current organic production. Up to $ 20,000 per year, with a
maximum of $ 80,000 over a six year period, is available per producer. Pay-
[*178]  ments received for technical assistance with organic production are not
considered in grant evaluation.


   3. Research n168


   The National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) consolidates federal
sector agricultural research. All mandatory funding shall be distributed through
competitive grants.


   The Specialty Crop Research Initiative has five main focuses: (1) plant
genetics and breeding to optimize crop characteristics, (2) pest and disease
identification and management, (3) crop innovation, (4) production efficiency,
and (5) food safety hazard control. n169


   $ 118 million is mandated for biomass energy crop research and development.
n170


   4. Energy n171


   Up to thirty percent of the cost of developing and building demonstration
scale biorefineries for producing advanced biofuels is available. n172


   "Advanced biofuels" means fuel derived from renewed biomass other than corn
kernel starch. n173 This includes biofuel derived from cellulose, hemicellulose,
lignin, sugar, non-  [*179]  corn kernel starch, and a seemingly limitless
category of waste materials including "vegetative waste material, animal waste,
food waste, and yard waste." n174 The term also includes diesel-equivalent fuels
derived from renewed biomass such as vegetable oil and animal fat, as well as
biogases including landfill gas and sewage treatment gas. n175


   A new tax credit is available for producers of cellulosic biofuels produced
from wood, grasses, or non-edible parts of plants. n176 $ 1.01 per gallon is
available for fuel produced and used in the United States. n177


   The voluntary labeling program for USDA certified biobased products is
continued, and newly established guidelines preclude certain products from label
qualification. n178 Biobased products are composed of renewable domestic
agricultural material, forestry material, or feedstock. n179 Examples include
building materials, adhesives, solvents, cleaning products, lubricants, and
plastics. n180 Motor vehicle fuels, electricity, food, and feed may also be
biobased, but do not qualify for USDA labeling. n181


   5. Nutrition


   Over $ 190 million is made available each year for the next five years for
the purchase of fresh fruits, vegetables, and nuts for domestic nutrition
assistance programs. n182 The Emergency Food Assistance  [*180]  Program
provides fresh fruits and vegetables for free nationwide. n183 II.The school
gardening pilot program provides funding for five states to implement a program
for low-income schools. The program supplements existing curriculum with
nutrition education and hands-on vegetable gardening; the crops are used by the
school and surrounding community. n184


   Foreign food aid may now be donated without first determining whether the
donation will reduce domestic supplies below necessary levels. n185


   6. Conservation n186


   Alfalfa, legumes, and other multi-year grasses in a rotation practice now
qualify as eligible land for establishing conservation covers in the pilot
Conservation Resource Program, which provides farmers with monetary assistance
when they implement certain conservation measures. n187


   The Chesapeake Bay Watershed Conservation Program improves water quality and
quantity to restore, enhance, and preserve soil, air, and related resources in
the area. n188


   7. Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers n189


   Five percent of CSP acres are set aside to enroll beginning farmers, and five
percent are set aside for socially disadvantaged farmers. 12.77 million acres
per year will be enrolled at an average cost of $ 18.00 per acre per year. The
program provides payments  [*181]  to producers in exchange for their adoption
of conservation practices to address soil, water, or wildlife habitat. n190


   The Conservation Resource Program assists in the transition of land from
retiring owners to beginning or socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers by
helping with the attendant costs of making land improvements, commencing organic
certification, and implementing conservation programs.


   Direct loans with a maximum down payment of less than five percent of the
purchase price will be made available to low-income farmers. n191


   8. Livestock n192


   Mandatory arbitration provisions are now prohibited in livestock and poultry
contracts. n193


   The pilot Wetlands Reserve Enhancement Program allows landowners to retain
grazing rights when consistent with wetland protection. n194


   9. Crop Insurance n195


   A new Supplemental Disaster Assistance program compensates eligible producers
for the portion of losses not otherwise recoverable under crop insurance. In
addition, up to $ 50 million per year may be used from a trust fund to provide
emergency assistance to eligible producers of livestock, honey bees, and farm
raised fish. n196 Insurance pilot programs are devised for camelina, sesame, and
grass seed producers. n197

     [*182]

   B. Lead; Renovation, Repair, and Painting Program


   The EPA has designed a rule pursuant to section 402(c)(3) of the Toxic
Substances Control Act to regulate renovations that (1) involve disturbance of
lead paint and (2) are performed on "target housing" or a "child-occupied
facility" (3) for compensation. n198 Target housing includes most houses
constructed before 1978, and child-occupied facilities include buildings
constructed prior to 1978 that are frequented by a child under the age of six
for certain durations of time. n199 The program was promulgated in response to
the EPA's finding that renovations which disturb lead-based paint pose
particular hazards. n200


   Obligations are imposed on the renovators to notify individuals at risk of
exposure sixty days prior to renovations. Notice may be given by posting signs
that provide information on how to obtain a copy of the pamphlet produced by the
EPA entitled Renovate Right: Important Lead Hazard Information for Families,
Child Care Providers and Schools or by providing written notice of the expected
start and end dates of renovations to individuals and information on how to
obtain the pamphlet. n201


   C. Maritime Pollution and Prevention Act


   The legislation promulgates emissions certification standards for vessels and
allows for the United States' accession to Annex VI of the International
Convention of Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships 1973, which governs
pollution enforcement. n202 The statute governs ships within, bound for, or
departing from a U.S. portyard, shipyard, U.S. internal waters, or offshore
terminal when the ship is also within an emission control area, U.S. navigable
waters, or a U.S. exclusive economic zone. n203 The Administrator shall issue
Engine International Air Pollution Prevention Certificates to ships to control
emissions of nitrogen oxides. n204

     [*183]

   D. Clean Boating Act


   The counter-intuitively named Clean Boating Act amends the Clean Water Act to
provide that no permit shall be required for recreational vessels' discharges
which are incidental to their operation. n205 Recreational vessel means those
vessels used for pleasure, with the exception of vessels used commercially or
which carry paying customers. n206 The Administrator shall develop best
management practices within one year to serve as environmentally responsible
guidelines for recreational vessels, in lieu of permitting. n207 In addition,
federal standards of performance must be promulgated for each management
practice within one year after determination is made by the Administrator that
the management practice is reasonable and practicable. n208


   E. Housing and Economic Recovery


   The comprehensive legislation enacted to address the sub-prime mortgage
crisis includes section 3011, a new tax credit for first-time homebuyers that
takes effect for purchases made on April 9, 2008 and lasting through June 30,
2009. n209 In effect, this amounts to an interest free loan that is repayable
over a fifteen year period. A single taxpayer with an income of $ 75,000 or less
is eligible for the credit, and married couples with incomes of $ 150,000 or
less are eligible. n210 Eligible buyers may credit the lesser of ten percent of
the purchase price or $ 7,500.00 against their income tax payment for the year.
n211 If the taxpayer does not have sufficient income to use the full credit,
they will receive a check for the balance. n212 Buyers repay the credit without
interest over 15 years simply through a surcharge on their annual income tax or
when they resell the house if there is sufficient capital gain from the sale.
n213 The homeowner does not have to begin making repayments until two years
after claiming the credit. n214

     [*184]

   F. Emergency Economic Stabilization Act


   The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act promotes the use of renewable energy
resources as well as the use of fuels such as oil shale, tar sands, and liquid
coal through the authorization of new tax credits and extension of existing tax
credits. n215


   1. New Tax Credits


   Marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy production. n216


   Producers of steel industry fuel are now eligible for the tax credit
available to producers of energy through renewable resources. n217


   "Steel industry fuel" is defined as fuel that (1) is produced by liquefying
coal waste sludge and distributing it on coal and (2) is used as a feedstock for
the manufacture of coke.


   Wind turbines used to generate electricity in a residence. n218


   Geothermal heat pump systems. n219


   Investments in new clean renewable energy bonds for capital investment in
renewable energy facilities. n220


   The authority to issue clean renewable energy bonds is extended through 2009.


   Carbon dioxide sequestration. n221


   Additional carbon energy projects, including the capture and sequestration of
carbon dioxide, are authorized.

     [*185]

   Qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles, until 2014. n222


   The limit of such credit is based upon the gross vehicle weight rating of
such vehicle.


   Alternative fuel vehicle refueling property expenditures, until 2011.
Electricity is a clean burning fuel for purposes of such credit.


   Investments in qualified energy conservation bonds for capital expenditures
to reduce energy consumption in public buildings, implement green community
programs, develop alternative and renewable energy sources, and promote mass
commuting facilities.


   The investment tax credit rate for coal gasification projects is increased to
thirty percent. n223


   A thirty percent investment tax credit rate for advanced coal-based
generation technology projects, and the maximum credit amounts allocable for
such projects is increased to $ 2.55 billion. n224


   A fifty percent depreciation allowance is allowed for reuse and recycling
property used to collect, distribute, or recycle certain materials, including
scrap, fibers, and metals. n225


   2. Extended Tax Credits


   Energy production facilities. n226


   Wind and refined coal facilities are provided a tax credit extension, through
2009.

     [*186]

   Other renewable energy facilities including closed and open-loop biomass,
solar energy, small irrigation power, landfill gas, trash combustion, and
hydropower, through 2010.


   Solar energy, fuel cell, and microturbine property, through 2016. n227


   The credit limitation for fuel cell property is increased to $ 1,500. The
limitation on the tax credit for solar electric property is eliminated.


   Energy efficient residences, through 2016. n228


   Residential energy efficiency improvements, through 2008. n229


   Non-business energy property expenditures, through 2009. Eligible property
includes energy-efficient biomass fuel stoves. n230


   The tax credit amounts and standards for energy efficient household
appliances produced after 2007 is modified.


   Energy efficient commercial buildings, through 2013. n231


   Extends through 2012 the authority to issue tax-exempt bonds for qualified
green building and sustainable design projects. n232


   3. Renewed Excise Taxes


   Coal, until the earlier of January 1, 2019, or the day after December 31,
2007 on which there is no balance of repayable advances made to the Black Lung
[*187]  Disability Trust Fund and no unpaid interest on such advances. n233


   Biodiesel and renewable diesel used as fuel. n234


   Cellulosic biofuel falls within the definition of biomass ethanol plant
property for purposes of the bonus depreciation allowance. n235


   Alternative fuel and fuel mixtures, through 2009. The credit requires such
fuels to include compressed or liquefied biomass gas and to meet certain carbon
capture requirements. n236


   4. Electricity Suppliers


   The energy tax credit rules were modified to allow offsets of tax credit
amounts against alternative minimum tax liabilities, and public utility property
now qualifies for such credit. n237


   The deferral of tax on the gain on sales of transmission property by
vertically- integrated electric utilities to independent transmission companies
approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) is extended through
2009. n238


   5. Oil and Gas Producers


   An exclusion is provided from the heavy truck excise tax for idling reduction
devices and advanced insulation used in certain heavy trucks and trailers. n239


   Taxpayers may elect to expense the costs of certain refinery property. n240

     [*188]

   Suspension of the taxable income limit on percentage depletion for oil and
natural gas produced from marginal properties. n241


   A three percent reduction in the tax deduction for income attributable to
domestic production activities for taxpayers with income derived from activities
related to oil, gas, or any primary products thereof is provided. n242


   6. 2008 U.S. Disaster Victims


   Hurricane Katrina disaster areas, the Hurricane Ike disaster area, and the
"Midwestern disaster area" are provided tax-exempt bond financing, the
low-income housing tax credit, an increased rehabilitation tax credit, education
and housing tax benefits, employee retention tax credits, and tax-exempt bond
financing. n243


   "Midwestern disaster area" is an area in which a major disaster has been
declared by the President, on or after May 20, 2008 and before August 1, 2008,
by reason of severe storms, tornados, or flooding occurring in the following
states: Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, Nebraska, and Wisconsin.


   "Hurricane Ike disaster area" is an area in Texas and Louisiana that was
declared a major disaster area by the President by reason of Hurricane Ike and
that was determined by the President to warrant federal assistance.


   G. Mercury Export Ban Act


   The Mercury Export Ban Act amends section 6 of the Toxic Substances Control
Act to prohibit the federal government or any private individual from selling,
distributing, transferring, or exporting elemental mercury after December 31,
2009. n244 The ban is  [*189]  an effort to reduce mercury use worldwide and
particularly in the developing world where products such as batteries, paint,
and measuring devices often contain mercury when manufactured inexpensively.
n245 Lower prices spur demand in developing countries, and lack of pollution
controls and limited waste management infrastructure tend to cause its release.
n246 Congress's findings show that the export ban on mercury will cause a switch
to affordable mercury alternatives in the developing world. n247 The EPA is
required to produce a report within one year on current mercury levels in
products, including non-mercury alternatives that can be substituted for
mercury-containing products. n248



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureRemediesDamagesPunitive DamagesCivil
ProcedureRemediesInjunctionsPreliminary & Temporary
InjunctionsTortsDamagesGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Winter v. NRDC, 129 S. Ct. 365, 370-71 (2008).




n2  Id.




n3  Id. at 370.




n4  Id.




n5  Id. at 370-71.




n6  Id. at 377 (citing Pet. App. 342a).




n7  Id. at 373-74.




n8  Id. at 373.




n9  Id.




n10  Id. at 371 (2008). The statutory standard for takings of marine mammals is
broad. See 16 U.S.C. §§ 1362(13), 1372(a) (defining the taking of a marine
mammal as harassing, hunting, capturing, or killing it); see also § 1371(f)(1)
(permitting the Secretary of Defense to "exempt any action or category of
actions" from the MMPA if such actions are "necessary for national defense").




n11  Winter, 129 S. Ct. at 372.




n12  Id.




n13  Id. Whether a federal agency must prepare an environmental impact statement
hinges on an whether the activity in question significantly affects the
environment. See 42 U.S.C. § 4332(2)(C) (2000). Where the agency's preliminary
environmental assessment shows that an activity causes no significant
environmental impact, no environmental impact statement is necessary. See 40
C.F.R §§ 1508.9(a), 1508.13 (2007).




n14  Winter, 129 S. Ct. at 372.




n15  Id. at 373.




n16  Id. at 374.




n17  Id. at 373.




n18  Id. The mitigation measures required the Navy to adopt six measures: (1)
imposing a 12-mile 'exclusion zone' from the coastline; (2) using lookouts to
conduct additional monitoring for marine mammals; (3) restricting the use of
'helicopter-dipping' sonar; (4) limiting the use of MFA sonar in geographic
'choke points'; (5) shutting down MFA sonar when a marine mammal is spotted
within 2,200 yards of a vessel; and (6) powering down MFA sonar by 6 dB during
significant surface ducting conditions, in which sound travels further than it
otherwise would due to temperature differences in adjacent layers of water.  Id.
(citing Winter v. NRDC, 530 F. Supp. 2d 1110, 1118-21 (C.D. Cal. 2008)).




n19  Id. at 373.




n20  Id.




n21  Id. CZMA exemption is available for activities in the paramount interest of
the United States. See 16 U.S.C. § 1456(c)(1)(B).




n22  Winter, 129 S. Ct. at 373-74. In emergency circumstances a federal agency
shall consult with the Council of Environmental Quality regarding alternative
arrangements to limit immediate impacts of the emergency. See 40 C.F.R § 1506.11
.




n23  Winter, 129 S. Ct. at 374 (citing NRDC v. Winter, 527 F. Supp. 2d.1216
(C.D. Cal. 2008)).




n24  Id. (citing NRDC v. Winter, 518 F.3d 658 (9th Cir. 2008)).




n25  Winter, 518 F.3d 658 (9th Cir. 2008), cert. granted, 77 U.S.L.W. 3018 (June
23, 2008), (No. 07-1239).




n26  Winter, 129 S. Ct. at 379.




n27  Id. at 374, 379.




n28  Id. at 376-78.




n29  Id. at 381.




n30  Id. at 383 (Breyer, J., concurring in part, concurring in the judgment in
part, and dissenting in part).




n31  Id. at 383.




n32  Id. at 387.




n33  Id. at 383.




n34  Id. at 384.




n35  Id. at 384-85.




n36  Id. at 385.




n37  Id. at 386.




n38  Id. at 387.




n39  Id. (citing NRDC v. Winter, 518 F.3d 704 (9th Cir. 2008)).




n40  Id.




n41  Id.




n42  Id. at 387 (Ginsburg, J., dissenting).




n43  Id.




n44  Id.




n45  EXXON Shipping Co. v. Baker, 128 S. Ct. 2605, 2616- 19 (2008).




n46  Id. at 2619-34.




n47  Id. at 2619, 2633.




n48  Id. at 2612-13.




n49  Id. at 2613.




n50  Id. at 2611.




n51  Id.




n52  Id. at 2613.




n53  Id. at 2614.




n54  Id.




n55  Id.




n56  Id.




n57  Id.




n58  Id. at 2611-15.




n59  Id. at 2616.




n60  Id. at 2618.




n61  Id. at 2618-19 (citing 33 U.S.C. § 1321 (2000 ed. & Supp. V)).




n62  Id. at 2619.




n63  Id. at 2633.




n64  Id. at 2634.




n65  Id. at 2627-34 (finding the ratio method more appropriate than verbal
formulations or monetary caps).




n66  EXXON, 128 S. Ct. at 2620-22, 2624, 2626-27, 2627- 34.




n67  Id. at 2634.




n68  Id. at 2634 (Scalia, J., concurring in the judgment) (citing State Farm
Mut. Auto. Ins. Co. v. Campbell, 538 U.S. 408 (2003)).




n69  Id. at 2634 (Stevens, J., concurring in part, concurring in the judgment in
part, and dissenting in part).




n70  Id.




n71  Id.




n72  Id. at 2636-37.




n73  Id.




n74  Id.




n75  Id. at 2638.




n76  Id. at 2639 (Ginsburg, J., concurring in part, concurring in the judgment
in part, and dissenting in part).




n77  Id.




n78  Id. at 2639.




n79  Id.




n80  Id. at 2640 (Breyer, J., concurring in part, dissenting in part).




n81  Id.




n82  Fednav Ltd. v. Chester, 547 F.3d 607 (6th Cir. 2008).




n83  Id. at 610.




n84  Id. (citing 58 Fed. Reg. 18,330 (April 8, 1993) (codified at 33 C.F.R. pt.
151)).




n85  Id. at 611-12; see 16 U.S.C. §§ 4701, 4711(f) (1996); see also 33 C.F.R. §
151.1502 (2004) (regulating only vessels carrying ballast water on board).




n86  Fednav, 547 F.3d at 612.




n87  Id. at 611-12.




n88  Id. at 612.




n89  Id. at 613.




n90  Id. Approved treatment methods under the Michigan Statute include
hypochlorite treatment, chlorine dioxide treatment, ultraviolet light radiation
treatment preceded by suspended solids removal, or deoxygenation treatment. Id.




n91  Id.




n92  Id.




n93  Id. at 614 (citing Fednav, Ltd. v. Chester, 505 F. Supp. 2d 381 (E.D. Mich.
2007)).




n94  Id. at 614.




n95  Id. at 615.




n96  Id.




n97  Id. at 616.




n98  Id.




n99  Id. at 617.




n100  Id. at 619.




n101  Id. at 621.




n102  Id. at 619 (citing 19 U.S.C. § 4725 (1996)).




n103  Id.




n104  Id. at 622.




n105  Id. at 622.




n106  Id. at 624.




n107  Id. at 625.




n108  Island Silver & Spice, Inc. v. Islamorada, 542 F.3d 844, 846-48 (11th Cir.
2008).




n109  Id. at 847.




n110  Id. at 845.




n111  Id.




n112  Id.




n113  Id. at 846.




n114  Id.




n115  Id. at 848.




n116  Id. at 846-47.




n117  Id. at 847.




n118  Id.




n119  Id. at 848.




n120  New Jersey v. EPA, 517 F.3d 574, 578 (D.C. Cir. 2008); see generally Clean
Air Act Amendments of 1977, Pub. L. No. 95-95, 91 Stat. 685 (1977) (codified as
amended in scattered sections of 42 U.S.C.)




n121  New Jersey, 517 F.3d at 577.




n122  Id. at 580.




n123  Id.




n124  Id. at 581.




n125  Id.




n126  Id. at 582.




n127  Id.




n128  Id. at 582-83.




n129  Id. at 583.




n130  Id.




n131  Id.




n132  NRDC v. EPA, 526 F.3d 591, 593 (9th Cir. 2008).




n133  Id. at 600. The final rule is entitled Amendments to the National
Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Regulations for Storm Water
Discharges Associated With Oil and Gas Exploration, Production, Processing, or
Treatment Operations or Transmission Facilities. See 71 Fed. Reg. 33,628 (June
12, 2006) (codified at 40 C.F.R. § 122.26(a)(2)(ii)).




n134  NRDC, 526 F.3d at 594 (emphasis added) (citing 33 U.S.C. § 1342(l)(2)).




n135  Id. at 596-97; see generally Clean Water Act of 1977, Pub. L. No. 95-217,
91 Stat. 1566 (1977) (codified at 33 U.S.C. §§ 1294-97, 1281(a) (2000)).




n136  NRDC, 526 F.3d at 600.




n137  Id. at 601.




n138  Id. at 595-98 (citing 64 Fed. Reg. 68,722 (Dec. 8, 1999) (codified at 40
C.F.R. pts. 9, 122-24)). The storm water discharges generated from construction
sites may severely compromise local water quality of rivers, lakes, ponds, and
estuaries. 64 Fed. Reg. at 68,728-31; see 55 Fed. Reg. 48,033 (Nov. 16, 1990)
(codified at 40 C.F.R. pts. 122-24) (announcing the Phase I Storm Water Rule's
applicability to storm water runoff from construction sites which are larger
than five acres); see also 40 C.F.R. 122.26(b)(15) (2006) (expanding the NPDES
permitting requirements to include construction sites between one and five acres
in size). "The purpose of the two-phased approach was to allow EPA and the
states to focus their attention on the most serious problems first." NRDC, 526
F.3d at 595 n.6 (citing 133 Cong. Rec. 991 (1987)).




n139  NRDC, 526 F.3d at 601.




n140  Id. at 596-97, 603.




n141  Id.




n142  Id. at 604-06.




n143  Id. at 607.




n144  Id. at 606-07.




n145  Id. at 607.




n146  Id. at 609 (Callahan, J., dissenting).




n147  Id. at 610.




n148  Massey Energy Co. Clean Water Act Settlement, h t t p : / / w w w . e p a
. g o v / c o m p l i a n c e / resources/cases/civil/cwa/massey.html (last
visited Feb. 24, 2009); United States v. A.T. Massey Coal Co., No. 2:07cv00299,
2008 WL 1744630, at *1 (S.D. W. Va. April 9, 2008).




n149  United States v. Massey Energy Co., No. 2:07- 00299, slip op. at 7-8,
20-21 (Jan. 17, 2008),
http://www.epa.gov/compliance/resources/decrees/civil/cwa/massey- cd.pdf.




n150  Press Release, EPA, Massey Energy to Pay Largest Civil Penalty Ever for
Water Permit Violations (Jan. 17, 2008),
http://yosemite.epa.gov/opa/admpress.nsf/dc57b08b5acd
42bc852573c90044a9c4/6944ea38b888dd03852573d3005074ba!OpenDocumen t.




n151  A.T. Massey Coal Co., 2008 WL 1744630, at *6.




n152  Id. at *5.




n153  Id. at *4-5.




n154  Id. at *6.




n155  Id. (citing United States v. Smithfield Foods, Inc., 982 F. Supp. 373, 374
(E.D. Va. 1997).




n156  Id.




n157  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat.
1651 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C. § 8701).




n158  154 Cong Rec. S5740 (daily ed. June 18, 2008).




n159  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act §§ 1001- 1623.




n160  Id. §§ 1001(4), 1103(a).




n161  Id. § 1001(4).




n162  Id. § 1501.




n163  Id. §§ 10001-10404.




n164  Id. § 10109.




n165  73 Fed. Reg. 11859, 11859 (March 5, 2008).




n166  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 2301(B); see also CSP Watersheds FY
2008, available at http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Programs/csp/CSP 2008/2008 pdfs/2008
Watersheds Information State and Watershed.pdf (showing eligible program areas
in each state).




n167  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 2502.




n168  Id. §§ 7101-7529.




n169  Press Release, USDA Awards More than $ 28 Million in Specialty Crop
Research (Oct. 8, 2008), available at
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/newsroom/news/2008news/ 10081 scri.html. Examples of
funded projects in 2008 include microbial safety of fresh produce, mechanical
harvesting of blueberries, generation of genomic tools for improving
blueberries, breeding cranberries for fruit-rot resistance, comprehensive
automation for specialty crops, innovation to reduce thinning of fruit, sod
production using bio-solids, and breeding U.S. onions to resist infection. Id.;
see Specialty Crop Research Initiative FY 2008 Request for Applications, USDA,
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/funding/rfas/pdfs/08 specialty crop.pdf (providing a
review of the 2008 grant application); The Catalog of Federal Domestic
Assistance, 10.309 Specialty Crop Research Initiative,
http://www.cfda.gov/pls/portal30/ CATALOG.PROGRAM TEXT RPT.show (last visited
Feb. 24, 2009) (providing general information on obtaining specialty crop
grants).




n170  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act §§ 7207, 9008(d).




n171  Id. §§ 9001-9003.




n172  Id. § 9003(c)(1).




n173  Id. § 9001(3).




n174  Id. § 9001(3)(B)(iii).




n175  Id. § 9001(3)(B)(iv)-(v).




n176  Id. § 15321.




n177  Id. § 15321(b)(6)(B).




n178  73 Fed. Reg. 38,968 (July 8, 2008).




n179  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 9001(4).




n180  Biopreferred, http://www.biopreferred.gov/ (last visited Feb. 24, 2008).




n181  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 9001(4); see Irene Margaret Xiarchos,
USDA, Office of Energy Policy & New Uses, Overview of the Biopreferred Program
(2008), available at http://www.biopreferred.gov/files/Overview of BioPreferred
Irene Xiarchos GSA Expo 2008.pdf (outlining biobased product market development,
rulemaking, and item designation).




n182  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 4201(a).




n183  Press Release, USDA, Implementation of the Food, Conservation and Energy
Act of 2008 - The Emergency Food Assistance Program (July 16, 2008),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/ fdd/programs/tefap/TEFAPFarmBillImplementation2008.pdf.




n184  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 4303.




n185  Id. § 3003.




n186  Id. §§ 2001-2904.




n187  Id. § 2105.




n188  Id. § 2605; see also National Resources Conservation Service, At a Glance:
Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative (2008), http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/programs/
farmbill/2008/pdfs/Chesapeake Bay At a Glance 112808rev.pdf.




n189  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 14013(A).




n190  2008 Farm Bill Side-By-Side Comparison,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/FarmBill/2008/ (last visited Feb. 24, 2008).




n191  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act § 5005.




n192  Id. §§ 11001-11017.




n193  Id. § 11005.210




n194  Id. § 2206.




n195  Id. §§ 12001-12091.




n196  Id. § 12033(a)531(e).




n197  Id. § 12025(f)-(h).




n198  Lead; Renovation, Repair, and Painting Program, 40 C.F.R. pt. 745 (2008).




n199  73 Fed. Reg. 21692 (April 22, 2008) (codified at 40 C.F.R. pt. 745).




n200  Id. at 21694.




n201  EPA, Renovate Right Important Lead Hazard Information for Families, Child
Care Providers and Schools (2008), http://www.epa.gov/lead/pubs/
renovaterightbrochure.pdf.




n202  Maritime Pollution and Prevention Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-280, 121
Stat. 2611 (amending 33 U.S.C. §§ 1901(a), 1902-1905, 1907(f), 1908, 1909(b),
1910-1911 (2000)).




n203  Id. § 4(D).




n204  Id. § 5(B).




n205  Clean Boating Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-288, § 2, 122 Stat. 2650
(amending 33 U.S.C. § 1342).




n206  Id. §§ 3, 5.




n207  Id. § 4.




n208  Id. § 5.




n209  Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-289, §3011, 122
Stat. 2654 (to be codified at 12 U.S.C. § 4501).




n210  Id.




n211  Id.




n212  Id.




n213  Id.




n214  Id.




n215  Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-343, 122
Stat. 3765 (to be codified at 12 U.S.C. § 5201).




n216  Id. § 102.




n217  Id. § 108.




n218  Id. § 104.




n219  Id. § 104.




n220  Id. § 107.




n221  Id. § 115.




n222  Id. § 205.




n223  Id. § 112.




n224  Id. § 111.




n225  Id. § 308.




n226  Id. § 101.




n227  Emergency Economic Stabilization Act § 103.




n228  Id. § 106.




n229  Id. § 304.




n230  Id. § 302.




n231  Id. § 304.




n232  Id. § 307.




n233  Id. § 113.




n234  Id. § 202.




n235  Id. § 201.




n236  Id. § 204.




n237  Id. § 103.




n238  Id. § 109.




n239  Id. § 206.




n240  Id. § 209.




n241  Emergency Economic Stabilization Act § 210.




n242  Id. § 401.




n243  Id. § 706.




n244  Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110- 414, 122 Stat. 4341
(amending 15 U.S.C. § 2611).




n245  Id. § 2.




n246  Id.




n247  Id.




n248  Id. § 4(A).


                              246 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 27, 2013, Friday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 708 words


Huntington Jr. College gets writer training grant

HUNTINGTON - The U.S. Department of Education has awarded a $266,175 grant to
Huntington Junior College to train and place students in real-time writing
careers.

The two-year grant will be used to train and place 20 high school students and
25 adults per year. Eighty court reporters in the state will be offered
retraining.

Congressman Nick Rahall and Sens. Jay Rockefeller and Joe Manchin, all D-W.Va.,
announced the grant Thursday in a news release.

Specialty-crop grant winners announced

A program that supports specialty-crop farmers has awarded more than $186,000 in
federal grants to 16 projects in West Virginia.

The funding is to help enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops, including
fruits, vegetables, horticulture products, honey, maple syrup and Christmas
trees.

Agriculture Commissioner Walt Helmick said the projects receiving funding
include ones in Fayette, Jackson, Kanawha, Mineral, Monongalia, Putnam, Raleigh,
Roane and Upshur counties.

The funding is from the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty Crop
Block Grant program.

State medical institute gets rural-health grant

The West Virginia Medical Institute is getting a $300,000 grant to help rural
health care providers improve patient care.

Officials said the grant comes from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

The institute will use the funds to offer consultation and education to clinics,
physician practices and hospitals seeking to achieve Patient Centered Medical
status from the National Committee for Quality Assurance.

The designation requires implementing a wide range of standards that the
committee said leads to higher quality, lower costs and a better care experience
for patients and providers.

In addition to the grant, the institute also is getting up to $150,000 in
matching funds from the Partners in Health Network. The network consists of 29
member organizations, including small and rural hospitals.

Governor's Mansion tree ornaments sought

West Virginia first lady Joanne Jaeger Tomblin is inviting artists from around
the state to submit ornaments to be displayed on the Christmas tree at the
Governor's Mansion.

Officials said submitted ornaments will be featured in the 2013 Artistree
catalog, and participating artists will be invited to a special celebration.
Ornaments must be received no later than Nov. 15.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said the ornaments are a reflection of the state's culture
and history, and showcases the talent of artists from across West Virginia.

The Artistree will be unveiled in conjunction with Joyful Night, the annual
holiday celebration at the state Capitol Complex, on Dec. 3.

3 areas rise off USDA home-loan eligibility

MARTINSBURG - Beckley, Martinsburg and the Teays Valley area of Putnam County no
longer are eligible for a federal program that subsidizes home loans for
low-income residents.

All three are now considered metropolitan statistical areas, based on the 2010
U.S. Census. That makes them ineligible for the Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development subsidized housing-loan program.

State Rural Development Director Bobby Lewis announced the changes this week.
They are effective Oct. 1.

Wendell Alt of the Martinsburg Rural Development office told The Journal that
the program's population cutoff is 10,000 residents.

According to the census, Martinsburg's 2010 population was 17,227, Beckley's
population was 17,614, and Teays Valley's population was 13,175.

Deadline is Oct. 28 to get SBA storm loans

Time is running out for residents, businesses and nonprofits to apply for
federal disaster loans to recover from severe storms in June.

The U.S. Small Business Administration is making the loans available for
physical property damage in Calhoun, Clay, Jackson, Kanawha, Roane and Wirt
counties.

The SBA said Thursday that the deadline to apply for loans is Oct. 28.

Loans of up to $200,000 are available to homeowners to repair or replace damaged
or destroyed real estate. The SBA also is offering loans of up to $40,000 to
homeowners and renters to repair or replace personal property.

Loans of up to $2 million are available to businesses and nonprofits to repair
or replace assets such as real estate, inventory and equipment.

- the associated press

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              247 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 27, 2014

Specialty crop provision renewed in Farm Bill

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 414  words


Since 2006, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has made available grants to
state departments of agriculture solely to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops. The current funding for the program was established in the
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Farm Bill,) which authorized the USD
A to provide grants to states for each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2012 to
enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops. This program was renewed in the
2014 Farm Bill.

Each state that submits an application that is reviewed and approved by the
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is to receive at least an amount that is
equal to the higher of $ 100,000, or 1/3 of one percent of the total amount of
funding made available for that fiscal year. In addition, AMS will allocate the
remainder of the grant funds based on the value of specialty crop production in
each state in relation to the national value of specialty crop production using
the latest available cash receipt data.

As the specialty crop industry in Kansas has grown, and the USDA placed a
stronger emphasis on the industry, grant awards to Kansas have increased
accordingly. In fiscal years 2007 and 2008, Kansas received $102,000. In fiscal
year 2013, Kansas received $258,363 and $239,566 for fiscal year 2014. Kansas is
expected to receive about $280,000 in FY2015.

Applications for grant funds should show how the project potentially impacts and
produces measurable outcomes for the specialty crop industry and/or the public
rather than a single organization, institution or individual. Grant funds will
not be awarded for projects that solely benefit a particular commercial product
or provide a profit to a single organization, institution, or individual. Single
organizations, institutions, and individuals are encouraged to participate as
project partners. Applicants must be a legal entity and have the legal capacity
to contract.

Specialty crops are defined by the USDA as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits and nursery crops, including floriculture. Projects are required to
"enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops," per the USDA's guidelines.
Projects of particular interest to the Kansas Department of Agriculture are
those that explore economic development and education, as related to the Kansas
specialty crop industry. For more information about the specialty crop block
grant program, including a current list of eligible crops, visit USDA's
Agricultural Marketing Service.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Superior Express


                              248 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 26, 2017 Sunday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


March 26--The Illinois Department of Agriculture is now accepting proposals for
federal specialty crop grants.

The agency anticipates Illinois will receive roughly $525,000 from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to distribute to state projects. However, the exact
dollar amount has yet to be determined.

The funds will come from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in the Farm
Bill. They are available for projects beginning in calendar year 2018, and are
intended to expand the availability of fresh, locally-grown produce and
strengthen the competitiveness of our specialty crop industry.

According to USDA, projects seeking funding should benefit underserved
communities and veterans, aim to improve producer capacity with the requirements
of the Food Safety Modernization Act, develop adaptation and mitigation
strategies for farmers in drought-stricken regions, increase opportunities for
new and beginning farmers, develop strong local and regional food systems,
protect pollinator habitats and improve pollinator health.

Projects that benefit a particular commercial product or provide a profit to a
single organization, institution or individual are ineligible. Farmers' markets,
roadside stands and community-sponsored agriculture programs should consider
submitting proposals to the USDA's Farmers' Market and Local Food Promotion
Program.

"Over the years this grant program has become highly competitive with the number
of applications growing each year," said Director Raymond Poe. "That is a
testament to Illinois' agriculture community. These projects have identified
needs in our communities, and are encouraging more and more people to
participate in agriculture and healthy lifestyles."

The USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service defines specialty crops as "fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops"
including floriculture.

Illinois is the nation's leading producer of pumpkins and horseradish, and ranks
in the top ten in acreage of cantaloupes, green peas, lima beans, and sweet
corn. Illinois also is home to a flourishing grape and wine market. Sales of all
specialty crops in Illinois, including nursery and greenhouse sales, totaled
almost $470 million in 2012.

The IDOA will accept grant proposals until April 28 at 4 p.m. Request for
proposal packets and additional information about the program can be found
online at the department's website.

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

5:00 am |

Burning can destroy, but also helps save

4:58 am |

Green thumbs can become master gardeners

4:52 am |

Biggest challenge for farms: Fighting new laws of nature

___ (c)2017 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170326-JJ-Specialty-crop-grants-available-0326-20170326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2017 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              249 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Applications being accepted for specialty crop grants

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 309 words


The North Dakota Department of Agriculture is now accepting applications for
2015 Specialty Crop Grants.

"Projects that promote the production, processing and use of specialty crops in
the North Dakota are eligible for these grants," Doug Goehring, Agriculture
Commissioner, said. "Organizations, institutions and individuals are encouraged
to submit proposals on their own or in partnerships."

USDA Agricultural Marketing Service will allocate an amount for North Dakota;
however, the amount at this time is not yet known.

"Eligible applications include developing new and improved seed varieties,
reducing distribution costs, investing in specialty crop research, enhancing
food safety, pest and disease control and development of local and regional food
systems," Goehring said. "Projects that directly benefit specific, commercial
products or profit a single organization, institution or individual are not
eligible."

USDA defines specialty crops as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and horticulture and nursery crops." Specialty crops grown commercially in North
Dakota include dry beans, dry peas, lentils, potatoes, confection sunflowers,
grapes, honey and various vegetables.

Goehring said an information manual with application instructions, scoring
criteria and an application template can be found on NDDA's website:
www.nd.gov/ndda/program/specialty-crop-block-grant-program.

Applications must be submitted in electronic form by 4 p.m., April 30. An
external review committee will review and score the applications. The successful
applications will be forwarded onto the USDA for final approval. The grants will
be awarded in late fall/early winter.

Projects funded by the grant must be completed within 21 months.

For further information, contact NDDA's Specialty Crop Grant Administrator Emily
Edlund at 701-328-2191 or edlund@nd.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Montmorency County Tribune (Atlanta, Michigan)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 11, 2015

MDARD announces specialty crop grant opportunity

BYLINE: The Montmorency County Tribune staff

LENGTH: 563  words


LANSING, Mich. - Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
(MDARD) Director Jamie Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for
Michigan businesses thanks to the Specially Crop Block Grant Program through the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The
program is designed to enhance the competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops
. Grant proposals must be received by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26,
2015 by submitting them to MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops. These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specially crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.

Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts forthe specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.

For program information, application form, or submission criteria, please visit
www.michigan.gov/mdard or contact Nancy Nyquist at nyquistn@michigan.gov or
517-284-5735.

Don't forget the 2015 Spring Tree Sale Brochures are now available. Final
deadline to have your order in is March 31, 2015. Pick up day is scheduled for
Friday, April 24, 2015 from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m. If you are unable to pick up
your order on Friday, please make arrangements with the Conservation District
office at (989) 785-4083. There is no guarantee if products will be available on
day of the sale, so please anticipate your needs and get your order in as soon
as possible. You can pick up your copy of the brochure and order form at our
office at: 13210 M-33 North, Atlanta, MI 49709 on Monday or Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 2 p.m., print it off online at www.montmorencycd.org, or call our office
and have one mailed to you. Order forms will be available around Montmorency
County at select businesses. If we have your address on file, you will be
receiving your copy in the mail soon. If you have any questions, feel free to
call Aprille at (989) 785-4083 or send an email to aprille.williamson@macd.org

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MUY

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2015 The Montmorency County Tribune


                              251 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Tennessee: Scholarships Offered to Specialty Crop Farmers

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture Market Development Division as part of
its Direct Farm Marketing Initiative is offering scholarships to the North
American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention, to be held Feb. 1-­6,
2015 in Nashville and Knoxville. These scholarships are competitive and target
farmers who want to learn how to improve marketing of their specialty crops.

To be eligible for a scholarship farmers must:

Produce a specialty crop, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops or floriculture
    Submit an application postmarked by Nov. 7
    Faxed and emailed applications will not be accepted.
    Agree to complete a pre and post-conference survey
    Agree to participate in direct marketing and specialty crop sessions and
tours
    Agree to present lessons learned to at least one specialty crop association
(Tennessee Association of Farmers Markets, Tennessee Christmas Tree Growers
Association, Tennessee Fruits and Vegetables Association, etc.)


You can find the application at http://www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing. Contact
Pamela Bartholomew at 615-837-5160 or pamela.bartholomew@TN.gov for more
information.

The scholarship will cover the registration fee for attendance but does not
include travel expenses to or from the convention, or the cost of association
membership.

This scholarship opportunity is funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) program.

Learn more about the North American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention
at http://www.farmersinspired.com/TN2015/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: Scholarships Offered to Specialty Crop Farmers

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture Market Development Division as part of
its Direct Farm Marketing Initiative is offering scholarships to the North
American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention, to be held Feb. 1-­6,
2015 in Nashville and Knoxville. These scholarships are competitive and target
farmers who want to learn how to improve marketing of their specialty crops.

To be eligible for a scholarship farmers must:

Produce a specialty crop, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops or floriculture
    Submit an application postmarked by Nov. 7
    Faxed and emailed applications will not be accepted.
    Agree to complete a pre and post-conference survey
    Agree to participate in direct marketing and specialty crop sessions and
tours
    Agree to present lessons learned to at least one specialty crop association
(Tennessee Association of Farmers Markets, Tennessee Christmas Tree Growers
Association, Tennessee Fruits and Vegetables Association, etc.)


You can find the application at http://www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing. Contact
Pamela Bartholomew at 615-837-5160 or pamela.bartholomew@TN.gov for more
information.

The scholarship will cover the registration fee for attendance but does not
include travel expenses to or from the convention, or the cost of association
membership.

This scholarship opportunity is funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) program.

Learn more about the North American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention
at http://www.farmersinspired.com/TN2015/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Tennessee: Scholarships Offered to Specialty Crop Farmers

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture Market Development Division as part of
its Direct Farm Marketing Initiative is offering scholarships to the North
American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention, to be held Feb. 1-­6,
2015 in Nashville and Knoxville. These scholarships are competitive and target
farmers who want to learn how to improve marketing of their specialty crops.

To be eligible for a scholarship farmers must:

Produce a specialty crop, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops or floriculture
    Submit an application postmarked by Nov. 7
    Faxed and emailed applications will not be accepted.
    Agree to complete a pre and post-conference survey
    Agree to participate in direct marketing and specialty crop sessions and
tours
    Agree to present lessons learned to at least one specialty crop association
(Tennessee Association of Farmers Markets, Tennessee Christmas Tree Growers
Association, Tennessee Fruits and Vegetables Association, etc.)


You can find the application at http://www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing. Contact
Pamela Bartholomew at 615-837-5160 or pamela.bartholomew@TN.gov for more
information.

The scholarship will cover the registration fee for attendance but does not
include travel expenses to or from the convention, or the cost of association
membership.

This scholarship opportunity is funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) program.

Learn more about the North American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention
at http://www.farmersinspired.com/TN2015/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Tennessee: Scholarships Offered to Specialty Crop Farmers

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Agriculture Market Development Division as part of
its Direct Farm Marketing Initiative is offering scholarships to the North
American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention, to be held Feb. 1-­6,
2015 in Nashville and Knoxville. These scholarships are competitive and target
farmers who want to learn how to improve marketing of their specialty crops.

To be eligible for a scholarship farmers must:

Produce a specialty crop, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops or floriculture
    Submit an application postmarked by Nov. 7
    Faxed and emailed applications will not be accepted.
    Agree to complete a pre and post-conference survey
    Agree to participate in direct marketing and specialty crop sessions and
tours
    Agree to present lessons learned to at least one specialty crop association
(Tennessee Association of Farmers Markets, Tennessee Christmas Tree Growers
Association, Tennessee Fruits and Vegetables Association, etc.)


You can find the application at http://www.tn.gov/agriculture/marketing. Contact
Pamela Bartholomew at 615-837-5160 or pamela.bartholomew@TN.gov for more
information.

The scholarship will cover the registration fee for attendance but does not
include travel expenses to or from the convention, or the cost of association
membership.

This scholarship opportunity is funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant (SCBG) program.

Learn more about the North American Farm Direct Marketing Association Convention
at http://www.farmersinspired.com/TN2015/.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

USDA to support nine agricultural research projects in Minnesota

SECTION: NON-LIFE INSURANCE; Fruit

LENGTH: 288 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is set to award funding for
nine new agricultural research projects in Minnesota.


The projects are aimed to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops in the
state and will share over $676,000 allocated to Minnesota for Specialty Crop
Block Grants (SCBG) from the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service.

These projects were ranked by a panel of experts in specialty crop production
and marketing.

Three projects from University of Minnesota to improve producers' knowledge of
Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) and food safety practices; ensure public food
safety of locally grown leafy greens by enhancing farmer training in GAPs; and
reduce the incidence and severity of scab, verticillium wilt, and other
soil-borne potato diseases.

Minnesota Grown Promotion will work on to increase sales of Minnesota specialty
crops by improving the Minnesota Grown Directory; creating innovative
promotional materials for wineries, vegetable growers, and nurseries/garden
centers; and creating a public television feature program.

Minnesota Department of Agriculture to develop farmer-to-farmer radio broadcasts
highlighting 12 Minnesota specialty crop producers and their successes, Renewing
the Countryside to expand markets and increase sales of specialty crops in
southern Minnesota.

Sweetland Orchard will work to increase understanding of the market demands for
cider varieties by measuring the state of the hard cider industry in Minnesota.

Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy will work to increase purchasing of
specialty crops by the childcare and school sectors through outreach activities.

Minnesota Food Association will work to increase access to distribution systems
and new markets for small-scale organic vegetable growers by exploring the need
and potential for offering additional 'food hub' services.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                       The Oskaloosa Independent (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2010

Kansas specialty crop production to get boost from grant projects

BYLINE: The Oskaloosa Independent staff

LENGTH: 382  words


Secretary of Agriculture Josh Svaty reports that Kansas specialty crop
production will get a boost from five projects the state will fund using federal
grant dollars from USDA.

Kansas is to receive $282,828 to fund projects that enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops, which are defined as horticulture, including turf grass sod
and turf grass sod seed, fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, nursery
crops and floriculture.

"We've got an excellent pool of projects that I expect will produce some
terrific results for specialty crop growers in Kansas," Svaty said.

The grant recipients and their projects are:

Highland Community College was awarded $29,865 to offer in-the-field extension
services to Kansas vineyard and winery owners.

The Glacial Hills Resource Conservation and Development Council was awarded
$42,049 to educate individuals about properly growing, preparing and preserving
fruits and vegetables.

The Kansas Association for Conservation and Environmental Education was awarded
$70,000 to provide technical and educational support to K-12 Kansas schools to
plant school fruit and vegetable gardens, tying lessons learned from the garden
to classroom curriculum.

The Kansas Rural Center was awarded $70,000 to help six farmers' markets develop
electronic benefit transfer capacity in 2011. Matching funds will be used to
cover expenditures for nonspecialty crop commodities.

The Kansas Rural Center was awarded $70,000 to increase specialty crop sales by
helping build relationships between Kansas specialty crop producers, food
businesses and consumers using a locally grown branding tool.

Kansas originally was eligible to receive $281,914, but the amount was increased
$914 by USDA. Svaty said he plans to ask USDA whether the department can use the
additional money to pay for its work tied to administering the specialty crop
block grants, including making sure that grant recipients abide by state and
federal requirements and regulations.

Grants were open to projects involving research, nutrition, trade enhancement,
food safety and security, pest and disease, education, "buy local" programs,
promotion, marketing, more efficient and cost-effective distribution systems,
environmental and conservational concerns, product development and developing
cooperatives.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OSK

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 The Oskaloosa Independent


                              261 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 3, 2015

Specialty crop grant recipients split $1.3 million from USDA

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 535  words


The USDA has accepted the Minnesota Department of Agriculture's (MDA) plan to
fund 15 new Specialty Crop Block Grant projects over the next three years and
allotted the MDA $1.3 million. Specialty crops are commonly defined as locally
grown fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nurserv
crocs, including floriculture.

The USDA annually allocates funds to the MDA to increase competitiveness and
support development of specialty crops in the state. The MDA focuses on many
factors when selecting grant recipients; some examples:

Innovation in production, aggregation. Drocessine. Dackine.

Increasing the demand-for and supply of locally produced specialty crops.

Practices encouraging conservation and environmental stewardship, and organic
specialty crop research.

This year's funds were granted to various entities and their projects:

The University of Minnesota: -Improve Good Agricultural Practices (GAPs)
knowledge and food safety practices through technical assistance and education
for specialty crop growers.

Increase consumer knowledge of the benefits of native grasses to increase sales
and use.

North Dakota State University: research the cause of potato emergence disorder
to prevent economic loss in potato production.

Minnesota Grown Promotion Group: improve marketing strategies for specialty crop
growers by developing and distributing promotional materials, videos, and
advertising.

Renewing the Countryside: assist institutional buyers of edible specialty crops
to grow their farm institution connections and purchases, which will lead to
expanded sales for specialty crop producers.

Seven Songs Organic Farm: expand production of ginger and turmeric by testing a
cost efficient model for growing ginger, researching crop rotation strategies,
and decreasing overhead costs to meet demand.

Minnesota Food Association: develop, evaluate and provide training on techniques
to improve the production efficiency and marketability for traditional Asian,
African, and Latino crops.

Linden Hills Farmers' Market: inform specialty crop farmers through small
business legal education.

Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy: assist specialty crop growers to
enter new markets in the Minnesota Head Start programs through building demand
and enhancing supply chains, including statewide outreach and implementation.

Central Lakes College: improve the profitability and quality of the grape
growing and wine industries through technical support.

Minnesota Fruit and Vegetable Growers: increase production efficiency and
implement new strategies for directly marketing fruits and vegetables.

Minnesota Farm Winery Association: increase purchases of Minnesota wine, made
from specialty crops, Minnesota grapes, fruit, and honey.

Minnesota Agriculture in the Classroom: create new opportunities and materials
for teachers to increase the awareness and consumption of locally produced
specialty crops.

Minnesota Department of Agriculture:

Provide promotional assistance at several domestic trade shows to increase
demand and market access for specialty crops.

Research which specialty crops are most profitable and which specialty crops
producers want to grow in order to market those products directly.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                              262 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday

Grants available for growers of vegetable, specialty crops

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 137 words


The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food is seeking proposals for the
federally funded Specialty Crops Block Grant Program totaling $285,000 for
fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops.

Individual producers, producer groups, organizations and associations are
eligible to apply as single entities or in combined efforts. Each project must
demonstrate measurable benefits for the specialty-crop industry or socially
disadvantaged farmers, and must assist more than just a single producer or
company, officials say.

Grant proposals are due by June 10.

Last year, 21 projects were awarded a total $285,000.

Application information and forms are available at http://ag.utah.gov , or call
David Bailey at 801-538-4931.

The Salt Lake Tribune Alt Heads:

Grants are available for growers of specialty crops

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Money available for specialty crop projects

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


April 02--SPRINGFIELD -- The Illinois Department of Agriculture is accepting
proposals for federal specialty crop grants.

The state will receive more than $520,000, and has been instructed to begin the
proposal selection process.

The money will come from the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program in the Farm
Bill. It is available for projects beginning in calendar year 2017, and is
intended to expand the availability of fresh, locally-grown produce, and
strengthen the competitiveness of the specialty crop industry.

"This year the USDA is encouraging projects that benefit underserved communities
and veterans, improving producer capacity with the requirements of the Food
Safety Modernization Act, developing adaptation and mitigation strategies for
farmers in drought-stricken regions, increasing opportunities for new and
beginning farmers, developing strong local and regional food systems, protecting
pollinator habitats, and improving pollinator health, to name a few," said
Raymond Poe, acting director.

"These funds may lead to projects that help feed communities, encourage more
participation in agriculture, or increase a farmer's profitability and
productivity."

Projects that benefit a particular commercial product or provide a profit to a
single organization, institution or individual are ineligible.

Farmers markets, roadside stands, and community-sponsored agriculture programs
should consider submitting proposals to the USDA's Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program.

The USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service defines specialty crops as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture.

According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, more than 106,000 acres of Illinois
farmland are devoted to growing specialty crops on more than 3,200 farms.

Illinois is the nation's leading producer of pumpkins and horseradish, and ranks
in the top 10 in acreage of cantaloupes, green peas, lima beans, and sweet corn.
It also is home to a grape and wine market, with 450 growers utilizing 1,197
acres of farmland to support the more than 100 wineries in the state.

Sales of all specialty crops, including nursery and greenhouse sales, totaled
about $470 million in 2012.

Go to agr.state.il.us to submit a proposal. The deadline is 4 p.m. May 13.

For more information, call 217-524-9129.

___ (c)2016 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160402-YG-Money-available-for-specialty-crop-projects-0402-20160402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2016 Daily Gazette


                              264 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Grant boosts crop expansion

BYLINE: Tim Landis Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 231 words


The Illinois Department of Agriculture has received an additional $209,000 from
a federal block grant to promote the state's specialty crops. The additional
money brings the total to more than $640,000 available for "mini grants" to
expand markets for fresh produce grown in Illinois.



Proposed projects should meet the following objectives:

* Ensure industry participation in programs intended to meet international
standards subscribed to by the federal government.

* Improve efficiency of the distribution system, and use of good agricultural,
manufacturing and handling practices.

* Invest in specialty crop, organic, conservation and environmental research.

* Improved food safety, pest control and disease control.

* Develop new seed varieties and specialty crops.

A U.S. Department census of agriculture released early last year showed there
were nearly 300 specialty producers in Illinois in 2007 compared to 97 in 1999.
In Sangamon County, melons, vegetables, potatoes and sweet potatoes accounted
for $441,000 in sales. Fruits, nuts and berries accounted for $54,000.

Crop sales, primarily corn and soybeans, totaled $272.5 million, and livestock
sales totaled $15.8 million.

The Department of Agriculture is accepting grant applications until 4 p.m. on
Friday,

April 30. Application forms and additional information is available: Call
524-9129 or visit www.agr.state.il.us.

-- Tim Landis


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Michigan: Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces
Specialty Crop Grant Opportunity

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams today announced new opportunities for Michigan businesses thanks to
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Ag Marketing Services. The program is designed to enhance the
competitiveness of Michigan's specialty crops. Grant proposals must be received
by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on March 26, 2015 by submitting them to
MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

"This grant program provides a unique opportunity for our state's specialty crop
producers to enhance their profitability by expanding their domestic and
international markets," said Clover Adams. "Specialty crops play a vital role in
the diversity of our agricultural economy and these federal grants help provide
additional consumer access to Michigan specialty crops.  These funds also help
improve the quality and availability of these products so our specialty crop
industry remains competitive while growing Michigan's economy."

The grant funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA and
Michigan's allocation has yet to be determined.

The grants, ranging from $10,000 to $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of the
state's specialty crops, including, but not limited to: research, promotion,
marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food security, plant
health programs, education, increased knowledge and consumption, increased
innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution systems,
environmental concerns and conservation, product development, good agricultural
practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing practices.
Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole; and not-for-benefit to a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Maine: UMaine involved in initiatives to strengthen specialty crops, media
report

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Augusta: University of Maine, The State of Maine has issued the following news
release:



 The Maine Edge reported the University of Maine is involved in several research
initiatives to strengthen and enhance some of the state's specialty crops.
Agriculture Commissioner Walter Whitcomb announced Maine is partnering with USDA
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program to invest $562,583.50 to support Maine
Specialty Crop Producers and help farmers and producers meet new federal food
safety rules. Under the program, UMaine will work to address pollinator safety
within the confines of effective pest management of significant insects and
diseases to Maine's fruit industry, as well as research hops varieties to
develop resource materials for farmers and determine unique qualities, according
to the article. The university also will work with the Maine Potato Board and
the Maine Wild Blueberry Commission to ensure an adequate response to
pest-related hazards, decrease crop losses and increase revenues, the article
states. Mainebiz and the Associated Press also reported on the projects. WABI
(Channel 5) and Daily Journal carried the AP report.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

Fay-Penn has plans to increase sales of Fayette farm products

BYLINE: Richard Robbins

LENGTH: 473 words


The growing season is over, but the Fay-Penn Economic Development Council has
plans to increase the amount of local farm products sold in Fayette County in
the summer of 2012.

An agency official said the Uniontown-based nonprofit will use a $20,000 federal
grant it recently received to expand the number of farmers markets operating in
the county from six to seven or eight.

Bob Junk, the local economy manager for Fay-Penn, said the most likely location
for a new market is south of Uniontown along the Route 119 corridor.

"We're still assessing where it will be," Junk said on Tuesday.

Fay-Penn oversees farmers markets in Brownsville, Uniontown, Masontown,
Connellsville and Ohiopyle in Fayette County and Scottdale in Westmoreland
County. The markets operate all summer until mid-September.

This is the third consecutive year the agency has received funding under the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program from the Department of Agriculture. Last
year's $28,000 grant helped to add two markets to the existing four. The markets
debuted in 2009.

The USDA awarded $1,043,305 to 17 projects in the state, the state Department of
Agriculture announced late last week. The single largest Specialty Crop Block
grant -- worth $92,000 -- went to Penn State University for the detection and
management of major pathogens in tomatoes and other plants.

Junk said a portion of the federal money will be used to promote the farmers
markets to consumers.

Mark Duda, a Luzerne Township farmer who sells produce and others products at
several of the open-air markets, said it's an excellent idea to promote as much
as possible.

"One of the hardest things is getting established," Duda said. "You should go
heavy at that the first five or six years.

"We feel farmers markets are good for the community," he added. 'It's a plus
when people know they are buying local product. Obviously, it's not hurting our
bottom line."

In addition to the community markets run by Fay-Penn, Duda's Farm operates 15
roadside stands.

Duda said farmers need to know consumers' likes and dislikes to be successful.
For instance, cabbage is more in demand at some community markets than others.
The lesson: bring more cabbage.

Farmers need to know what it costs them to grow and harvest their products, he
said. Some farmers have only the vaguest notion of cost. As a result, they
frequently sell at a loss.

Junk said 80 cents of every dollar's worth of local farm product sold remains in
the county.

"Most farms are commodity-driven," Junk said, meaning they grow corn, wheat and
soybeans that are sold to processors. The struggle is to get local farmers to
grow fruits and vegetables that can be sold within a day or two of harvesting.

Fay-Penn has been promoting a Buy Fresh, Buy Local campaign for several years in
the hope of creating "a local food system," Junk said.



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 446 words


Staff and wire reports

Springfield

Specialty crop programs receive $520K in grants

The Illinois Department of Agriculture is awarding more than $520,000 to
projects aimed at strengthening the state's specialty crop industry, from
horseradish to pumpkins and gourds.

Agriculture Director Raymond Poe said in a news release that the money comes
from the federal Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

Among those receiving grants is a professor at Southern Illinois University
who's developing new horseradish varieties. A University of Illinois professor
will use grant money to study ways to combat mildew on gourds.

Illinois is the nation's largest producer of horseradish and pumpkins, and has a
flourishing grape and wine market. A recent Census of Agriculture found more
than 106,000 acres are used to grow specialty crops in Illinois, with sales
totaling almost $470 million annually.

Arlington Heights

Tollway to display real-time traffic information

Technology engineers are installing digital signs along the Jane Addams Tollway
that will give drivers speed and accident information in real time.

The Daily Herald reports that as construction on the tollway finishes, crews are
installing gantries every half-mile between O'Hare International Airport and
Barrington Road to create the active traffic management system, or "smart road."
There will be a total of 29.

When there's a crash, red X's will indicate closed lanes. Messages will update
with detours and other notices, such as Amber Alerts.

The system will operate through wireless speed sensors, dozens of cameras and
weather stations, which transmit data to the tollway dispatch center in Downers
Grove. A traffic team will analyze the results and update the signs.

The system is expected to go live next spring.

Reasnor, Iowa

Arson suspected in latest Dakota Access pipeline fire

Authorities suspect arson in the latest burning of heavy equipment being used in
the construction of the four-state Dakota Access pipeline in central Iowa.

The Jasper County Sheriff's Office said the blaze late Saturday near Reasnor,
Iowa, caused about $2 million damage to an excavator and three bulldozers. The
equipment is operated by a contractor for Dakota Access, a subsidiary of
Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners.

Opponents have for months been protesting the $3.8 billion, nearly 1,200-mile
project pipeline that traverses through North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and
Illinois, warning its construction could jeopardize water supply and damage
cultural artifacts.

Another suspected arson of construction equipment happened Aug. 1 at the same
site, about 30 miles east of Des Moines.

No arrests have been made in either fire.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota: Minnesota specialty crop research projects receive funding

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

Nine new agricultural research projects in Minnesota will get underway with
funding from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA). The focus of the projects is to enhance the competitiveness
of specialty crops in our state.
The projects will share in more than $676,000 allocated to Minnesota for
Specialty Crop Block Grants (SCBG) from
the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service.

These projects were scored and ranked by a panel of experts in specialty crop
production and marketing, and were
chosen from among 27 applications:

University of Minnesota (3 projects) - to improve producers' knowledge of Good
Agricultural Practices (GAP) and
    food safety practices; ensure public food safety of locally grown leafy
greens by enhancing farmer training in
    GAPs; and reduce the incidence and severity of scab, verticillium wilt, and
other soil-borne potato diseases
    Minnesota Grown Promotion Group, Inc. - to increase sales of Minnesota
specialty crops by improving the
    Minnesota Grown Directory; creating innovative promotional materials for
wineries, vegetable growers, and
    nurseries/garden centers; and creating a public television feature program
    Minnesota Department of Agriculture - to develop farmer-to-farmer radio
broadcasts highlighting 12 Minnesota
    specialty crop producers and their successes
    Renewing the Countryside - to expand markets and increase sales of specialty
crops in southern Minnesota by
    conducting a local foods trade show
    Sweetland Orchard, LLC - to increase understanding of the market demands for
cider varieties by measuring the
    state of the hard cider industry in Minnesota
    Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy - to increase purchasing of
specialty crops by the childcare and
    school sectors through outreach activities, curriculum dissemination on how
to incorporate farm to school into
    classrooms, and development of a formal network of interested specialty crop
producers and schools
    Minnesota Food Association - to increase access to distribution systems and
new markets for small-scale organic
    vegetable growers by exploring the need and potential for offering
additional "food hub" services


For further information please visit: http://www.mda.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 6, 2014

DDA to hold May 14 workshop for Specialty Crop Grant Program

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 216  words


More than $336,000 in federal grant funding is now available for projects to
help produce, market or access Delaware-grown fruit, vegetables and certain
other crops. The Delaware Department of Agriculture is now accepting
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through Monday, June 9.

The program, funded through the federal Farm Bill, covers products known as
specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Delaware has just over
$336,000 available for grants. Projects may run for one to three years.

Applications must be submitted by agricultural producers, nonprofit
organizations, government entities, for-profit companies or educational
institutions based in Delaware or with a business or educational affiliation
here. Funding cannot be used for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or
animal agriculture. An informational grant workshop will be held from 4 to 5
p.m., Wednesday, May 14, at the Delaware Department of Agriculture, 2320 South
DuPont Highway, Dover.

Applications are available at de.gov/scbg2014, or from DDA marketing specialist
JoAnn Walston at 302-698-4592 or joann. walston@state.de.us Applications must be
received by 4:30 p.m., June 9. A review team will rank applications.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                              274 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

BRIEF: Agriculture in Brief: 02/13/2016

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words


Feb. 12--TRAVERSE CITY -- Michigan farmers who grow specialty crops can apply
for part of $1.88 million in new grant funds.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program from the USDA's Ag Marketing Services is
intended to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops. Grant proposals must
be submited no later than 3 p.m. on March 31 to MDA-grants@Michigan.gov

Each grant has a maximum award of $100,000. Uses include but are not limited to
trade enhancement, innovation, research, promotion, plant health programs,
nutrition, food safety, education, conservation, efficiency of distribution
systems and product development.

Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state and federal
government entities and for-profit organizations. Visit www.michigan.gov/mdard
or contact Amy Bearss at bearssa@michigan.gov or 517-284-5734 for more
information.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-ZK-BRF-Agriculture-in-02-13-2016-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle


                              275 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2012 Tuesday

Kansas: Specialty Crop Grants Distributed

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: Topeka


Department of Agriculture, The state of Kansas has issued the following news
release:

The Kansas Department of Agriculture has awarded grants to organizations across
the state to promote education about and consumption of fruits and vegetables.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded $258,362.52 to the Kansas Department
of Agriculture through the Specialty Crop Block Grant program. The program is
designed to improve the Kansas specialty crop industry, which includes various
horticulture products, including fruits and vegetables, turf grass, tree nuts,
dried fruits, nursery crops and flowers. The Kansas Department of Agriculture
then passed the funds along to other groups.

"These grants will help specialty crop producers improve their production
practices, expand their operations and connect with new markets and new
customers," said Kansas Secretary of Agriculture Dale Rodman. "Local producers
and specialty crops are an important component of agriculture in Kansas."

The grant recipients for 2012 and 2013 are:

Brown County Healthy Foods Coalition, $53,814 for "Postage Stamp Production
Project." This project will assist local producers with growing, marketing and
educating the public about their products.
    Cultivate Kansas City, $9,000 for "Get Growing Kansas City." This project
will help support beginning producers and markets in and around the Kansas City
metro area.
    Highland Community College - Wamego Campus, $42,504 for "Viticulture and
Enology Extension Project." This project will provide assistance to prospective,
beginning and existing grape growers and winemakers across the state.
    Rawlins County Extension Council, $36,575 for "Feasibility of Expanding
Vegetable Production in Western Kansas." This project will study different
production methods for vegetables.
    Stafford County Economic Development, $41,615 for "Expanding Healthy Food
Production through High Tunnel Technical Assistance." This project will provide
assistance for local growers to extend their growing season and work with local
schools on entrepreneurial projects.
    Kansas Department of Agriculture, $61,398 for "Improving the Kansas
Specialty Crop Industry through Enhancements to the State Trademark Program."
This project will incorporate specialty crops into the state's agricultural
product trademark program.
    Glacial Hills Resource Conservation and Development, Inc., $13,456 for
"Growing Healthy Communities and Economies through Northeast Kansas Specialty
Crops." This project will provide marketing and education of specialty crops in
the northeast Kansas region.

Grants were available to projects involving research, nutrition, trade
enhancement, food safety and security, pest and disease, education, "buy local"
programs, promotion, marketing, more efficient and cost-effective distribution
systems, environmental and conservational concerns, product development and
developing cooperatives.

Sixteen organizations submitted a total of 23 proposals for the annual grant
cycle, requesting more than $1.18 million in funding.

For further information please Visit http://www.ksda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding for North Dakota's Specialty Crop
Industry

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition & Forestry, announced over $2.5 million in federal funding to the
North Dakota Department of Agriculture to support 28 projects in the state that
will research, develop, and promote specialty crops - such as peas, dry beans
and flax - in North Dakota.





 "Standing up for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers is a top priority of mine
in the U.S. Senate, and research investments in particular are a top priority
for me going into the next Farm Bill," said Heitkamp. "As our state's
agricultural industry continues to diversify, we must support specialty crops
through research and development so that farmers are able to reduce their cost,
increase yields, and get their crops to market. This federal funding announced
today will help economies grow by improving the production of locally grown
crops and getting them to consumers' tables in North Dakota and across the
globe."



 These federal funds are authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill, which Heitkamp
helped write, negotiate, and pass. The federal grants are made available through
the U.S. Department Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service's Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP) and will specifically provide federal funding
to universities, like North Dakota State University, and other agricultural
organizations that will bolster the development and competitiveness of specialty
crops, including the study of plant disease that can destroy dry pea and lentil
crops and promoting the trade of crops grown in North Dakota to other countries.
A full list of the projects and descriptions can be found here.



 Since the 2014 Farm Bill became law Heitkamp has been working to make sure it
is implemented properly by meeting with farmers and ranchers throughout the
state, like she recently did with a two-day tour of North Dakota's agricultural
industry. Heitkamp took this opportunity to hear directly from farmers and
ranchers about what is working for them in the current Farm Bill and what she
can do to fight for a stronger Farm Bill in 2018.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding for North Dakota's Specialty Crop
Industry

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition & Forestry, announced over $2.5 million in federal funding to the
North Dakota Department of Agriculture to support 28 projects in the state that
will research, develop, and promote specialty crops - such as peas, dry beans
and flax - in North Dakota.





 "Standing up for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers is a top priority of mine
in the U.S. Senate, and research investments in particular are a top priority
for me going into the next Farm Bill," said Heitkamp. "As our state's
agricultural industry continues to diversify, we must support specialty crops
through research and development so that farmers are able to reduce their cost,
increase yields, and get their crops to market. This federal funding announced
today will help economies grow by improving the production of locally grown
crops and getting them to consumers' tables in North Dakota and across the
globe."



 These federal funds are authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill, which Heitkamp
helped write, negotiate, and pass. The federal grants are made available through
the U.S. Department Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service's Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP) and will specifically provide federal funding
to universities, like North Dakota State University, and other agricultural
organizations that will bolster the development and competitiveness of specialty
crops, including the study of plant disease that can destroy dry pea and lentil
crops and promoting the trade of crops grown in North Dakota to other countries.
A full list of the projects and descriptions can be found here.



 Since the 2014 Farm Bill became law Heitkamp has been working to make sure it
is implemented properly by meeting with farmers and ranchers throughout the
state, like she recently did with a two-day tour of North Dakota's agricultural
industry. Heitkamp took this opportunity to hear directly from farmers and
ranchers about what is working for them in the current Farm Bill and what she
can do to fight for a stronger Farm Bill in 2018.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

USDA delvers $96.8m grants to improve access to healthy food

SECTION: FOOD; Government and Public Interest

LENGTH: 202 words



HIGHLIGHT: US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced $96.8m in grants
to fund projects designed to support specialty crop producers, local food
entrepreneurs, and farm to school efforts.


This new funding is part of USDA efforts during national nutrition month to
enhance access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious products in the country.

Vilsack said: "Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a
sound investment in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to
healthy food for our nation's families.

"Consumer demand for local, healthy food is skyrocketing in schools, hospitals
and wholesalers. These grant opportunities allow farmers and ranchers to meet
this demand, and feed our nation's kids."

Meanwhile, the agriculture secretary has also announced changes in the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP).

He said: "With these changes, more farmers can enter the specialty crop
marketplace with peace of mind that they have risk protection should disaster
strike."

Administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), this grant programme
includes the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program.

Recently, USDA announced $66.5m funding for research and extension activities to
address the requirements of country's specialty crop industry.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Announces Availability of $62 Million to Support
Competitiveness of Special Crops

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is making $62 million in competitive grants available
to support states' efforts to enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops,
such as fruits, vegetables, which include dry, edible beans, and horticulture
products, including honey. The funds are provided through the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program and may be used for education, research, food safety and
other projects.





 "Access to more viable crop options helps provide greater opportunity and
stability for our farmers and our economy," Hoeven said. "These funds will
support a wide variety of projects to enhance the production of specialty crops
and open new markets."



 Those interested must apply through the North Dakota Department of Agriculture.
State applications are due by July 6, 2016. Additional information can be found
on USDA's website:





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Florida: Florida Universities, Community Organizations Receive Nearly $4 Million
in Agriculture Research Grants

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Tallahassee: Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, The state of
Florida has issued the following news release:



 Florida Commissioner of Agriculture Adam H. Putnam announced today 40 Florida
projects will receive approximately $4 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
specialty crop block grants this year to help support specialty crop research
and projects. The grant-supported projects will improve food safety practices,
address disease and pest issues, study potential new crops, and educate the
public on the nutritional value of specialty crops.





 &ldquo;By partnering with the USDA to help identify and fund innovative
projects by Florida's universities and community organizations, we can better
support our state's $123 billion agriculture industry,&rdquo; said Commissioner
of Agriculture Adam H. Putnam. &ldquo;This will advance our mission to protect
Florida agriculture from invasive pests and disease and more efficiently share
our abundance with the communities that need it the most.&rdquo;



 The following are examples of projects that will be supported through this
year's grants:



     Improving safety of specialty crops sold at farmers markets in Florida -
$220,901

     Development of integrated strategies for management of tomato chlorotic
spot virus and other tospoviruses in commercial tomato production - $209,161

     Disease management strategies for Florida's emerging pomegranate industry -
$181,442

     Advancing integrated practices and host resistance for managing target spot
disease in tomatoes - $170,952

     Breeding lettuce for high resistance to bacterial leaf spot - $151,776



 These grant-funded projects will also enhance the competitiveness of Florida's
specialty crops, which include fruits and vegetables, dried fruit, tree nuts,
horticulture and nursery crops. Major considerations for receiving a grant
included the overall economic benefit to the Florida specialty crop industry and
whether the project makes good business sense and has a high likelihood of
success.



 Other priorities for funding included:



     Addressing barriers to increase access, availability and consumption of
Florida-grown specialty crops at the local institutional level through improving
efficiency and reducing costs of distribution;

     Buying local produce programs for institutions, including schools, prisons,
hospitals, restaurants and other businesses;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge, consumption and access to
Florida specialty crops; and

     Increasing the sales and marketability of Florida commercially grown
specialty crops.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday

Agriculture briefs

BYLINE: The Telegraph Herald

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 221 words


Iowa agency accepting applications for

grant funding through specialty crop program

The Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship is accepting
applications for grant funding through the specialty crop block grant program.

The grants are available to support projects that enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops grown in Iowa. They will not be awarded for projects that
directly benefit a particular product or provide a profit to a single
organization, institution or person.

Proposals must be received by the department before 4 p.m. Monday, April 3.

For more information, visit the department's website at tiny.cc/icppiy.

Wisconsin agriculture summit scheduled to take place March 15 in Marshfield

AgrAbility of Wisconsin, together with the National Farm Medicine Center, will
host its annual summit in March.

The summit is set for Wednesday, March 15, in the Froehlke Auditorium at the
Marshfield Clinic in Marshfield.

Registration starts at 9 a.m. Lunch will be provided, and the event will run
until 2 p.m. The event is free.

Topics to be covered include assistive farm technology, safety on the farm and
finances and farm transitions.

Registrations will be accepted until Friday, March 3. Call 608-262-9336 or send
an email to aaw@mailplus.wisc.edu Registration also will be available at
agrability.bse.wisc.edu/.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            February 24, 2008 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Farms expected to grow in both size and number

BYLINE: TESS NACELEWICZ Staff Writer

SECTION: TRENDS 2008; Pg. T5

LENGTH: 573 words


Maine's big potato and blueberry farms likely will continue to get larger in
2008, and there probably will be an increase in the number of the state's small
farms, according to a University of Maine economics professor who specializes in
agriculture.

Stewart Smith said Maine has seen a trend in recent years of big farms adding
acreage and more small farms springing up in response to consumers' desire to
buy local food. This year, that same pattern should hold true, Smith predicted.

''I see the continuation of the past trends,'' he said.

Maine has about 7,000 farms, and more than 1,000 are large farms growing such
commodities as potatoes and blueberries that primarily are sold to the national
market, not just Maine, Smith said.

''You would expect those farms to get fewer and larger because they're
competitive based on economies of scale that would require them to get larger,''
he said.

By contrast, most of Maine's farms are small ones, Smith said. He said many of
those farms are run by part-time farmers because someone in the family has to
have another job.

''Those have been increasing in number, and I would expect that increase to
continue,'' he said.

The produce from those farms primarily goes to Mainers through farmers' markets
and other venues.

Smith said consumers' interest in buying local food that they consider safe to
eat is one reason that sector of the economy is growing. ''People like to
support local farms, and there's a certain amount of security associated with
being able to buy local foods, Smith said.

Also, he said, as the price of fuel rises, the prices that such farmers are
charging for local foods ''may be more competitive.''

Russell Libby, executive director of the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners
Association, also believes that the growing interest in locally grown food in
2008 ''is going to open up a lot of market opportunities for Maine farmers.''

In other possible trends for 2008, Maine stands to benefit from some new
provisions in a version of the Farm Bill that passed overwhelmingly in the U.S.
Senate in December.

For the first time, specialty crops like potatoes and blueberries would get
serious consideration in the bill, with $2.1 billion set aside for block grants
for specialty crop growers nationwide, according to the office of U.S. Sen.
Olympia Snowe. The Maine Republican was a strong advocate of the provision.

Also, Libby said the Senate bill contains money for an organic transition
program for farmers. ''It would provide money to help farmers convert from
conventional agriculture to organic during the three-year period'' it takes for
a farm to become organic, Libby said.

The Senate passed its version of the Farm Bill 79 to 14, but it has yet to
become law.

Donald Flannery, executive director of the Maine Potato Board, based in Presque
Isle, considers it ''a very positive thing'' that specialty crops would be
recognized in the bill. Previously, he said, the bill has focused on commodities
such as cotton and wheat.

Flannery said the block grant money might be used for additional research on
potatoes and for infrastructure needs.

Potatoes are Maine's leading crop, he said. According to the Maine Department of
Agriculture, sales of Maine fall potatoes in 2006 exceeded $129 million. That
accounted for nearly 22 percent of the state's $593 million in total
agricultural sales.


Staff Writer Tess Nacelewicz can be contacted at 791-6367 or at:

tnacelewicz@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2007 Press Herald file
Carl and Goran Johanson tote containers of new potatoes from the fields of their
family farm in Dresden last August.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

Kansas organizations receive specialty crop grants

BYLINE: The Capital-Journal

LENGTH: 313 words


The Kansas Department of Agriculture has awarded grants to organizations across
the state to promote education about and consumption of fruits and vegetables,
according to a news release.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded $258,362.52 to the state agricultural
agency through the Specialty Crop Block Grant program. The state agency then
passed the money along to the groups in Kansas.

Grant recipients include:

- Brown County Health Foods Coalition, $53,814, for the Postage Stamp Production
Project, which assists local producers with growing, marketing and educating the
public about their products.

- Cultivate Kansas City, $9,000, for Get Growing Kansas City, a project to
support beginning producers and markets in the Kansas City metropolitan area.

- Highland Community College-Wamego campus, $42,504, for the Viticulture and
Enology Extension Project, which provides assistance to prospective, beginning,
and existing grape growers and winemakers throughout the state.

- Rawlins County Extension Council, $36,575, for Feasibility of Expanding
Vegetable Production in Western Kansas, a project to study different production
methods for vegetables.

- Stafford County Economic Development, $41,615, for Expanding Health Food
Production through High Tunnel Technical Assistance, a project that helps local
growers extend their growing season and works with local schools on
entrepreneurial projects.

- Kansas Department of Agriculture, $61,398, for Improving the Kansas Specialty
Crop Industry through Enhancements to the State Trademark Program, which
incorporates specialty crops into the state's agricultural product trademark
program.

- Glacial Hills Resource Conservation and Development Inc., $13,456, for Growing
Healthy Communities and Economies through Northeast Kansas Specialty Crops, a
project to provide marketing and education of specialty crops in northeast
Kansas.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Wine benefits from farm bill

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: FOOD NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


Feb. 06--The farm bill now on its way to President Barack Obama, who is expected
to sign it, has a number of benefits for California's wine and grape industry,
Wine Institute officials said.

"We're pleased that with its passage, California wine promotion around the world
will not be interrupted," Robert P. Koch, Wine Institute president and chief
executive, said in a statement.

Among the bill's benefits for the wine industry:

-- Specialty Crop Block Grant annual funding was increased to $85 million from
$55 million. Wine organizations, including Wine Institute and the California
Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance, have tapped the competitive grant program in
the past.

-- Specialty Crop Research Initiative provides $80 million of new funding added
for research on specialty crops, which include winegrapes.

-- Market Access Program was reauthorized at $200 million annually for all crops
. Wine Institute receives cost-share funding as administrator of California's
wine export program. More than 170 wineries participate in the program.
California wine exports to 125 countries reached $1.4 billion in 2012 and are
expected to have set another record in 2013.

-- Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service protects agriculture from plant
pests and disease threats, such as Pierce's disease and European grapevine moth,
which affect vineyards.

Winegrapes are San Joaquin County's most-valuable farm commodity, with a 2012
harvest worth an estimated $549 million, ahead of walnuts at $457 million.

___ (c)2014 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140206-SK-Wine-benefits-from-farm-bill-0206-20140206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2014 The Record


                              285 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Genesee, Great Lakes Bay,
and Thumb-Area Farmers

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for Genesee, Great
Lakes Bay, and Thumb-area farmers, and producers across the state. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award
nearly $2 million to support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the
state, which is a direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment
in locally grown food. These projects include support for bean growers
throughout the region. For a complete list of Michigan projects, please visit
USDA's website here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In 2008, Senator Stabenow authored the first ever fruits and vegetables section
of a Farm Bill in history that supported so-called "specialty crops" - fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, nursery products, and floriculture. Prior to 2008, farm
bills focused largely on commodity crops but had no section dedicated to fruits
and vegetables. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill, signed into law by President Obama in
Michigan earlier this year, strengthens support for specialty crops and makes
major investments in organic crops and local and regional food hubs.

Michigan produces a wider diversity of crops than any state but California,
including many fruits and vegetables. Michigan is the national leader in the
production of over 18 types of crops, and Michigan specialty crop production has
increased 33 percent in the last decade. Agriculture is Michigan's
second-largest industry.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Costa Announces $18.2 Million to Support California Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 214  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of the Representative Jim Costa, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Rep. Jim Costa announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded
California more than $18.2 million to improve competitiveness and strengthen the
market for specialty crops. The funds were provided by the Specialty Crop Block
Grant program, which Costa fought hard to expand in the 2008 Farm Bill and was a
key advocate for the additional investment of $375 million provided in the 2013
House version of the Farm Bill that is pending a conference committee with the
Senate. The current Farm Bill extension and authorization for many of the
nation's agricultural policies will lapse without action before October 1st.

"This and other Farm Bill programs help our Valley farmers produce the healthy,
safe fruits and vegetables that families nationwide depend on," said Costa.
"Instead of reauthorizing the Farm Bill before October 1st, Republican
Leadership has turned its back on our Valley farmers, farm workers, and economy.
Traditionally, the Farm Bill has been bipartisan because these programs work for
Rural America, but this lifeline will lapse if we cannot put politics aside to
finish the job quickly."

For further information please visit: http://costa.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

Minnesota: Minnesota specialty crop grant recipients split $1.4 million from
USDA

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Agriculture, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

As a part of a nearly $1.4 million allocation to the Minnesota Department of
Agriculture (MDA), the USDA announced it's accepted the MDA's plan to fund 15
new Specialty Crop Block Grant projects in the next three years. Specialty crops
are primarily defined as locally grown fruits and vegetables.

The USDA annually allocates funds to the MDA to increase the competitiveness of
specialty crops. The money provides grants to producers, processors, and
marketers and funds proposals supporting development of specialty crops in our
state. The 15 new projects receiving funding include:

The University of Minnesota, to conduct research on:
        innovative "day-neutral" strawberry production systems
        a "leaf mold" disease causing problems for growers
        diseases of hops, and grower education about those diseases
        use of unmanned aerial vehicles to evaluate potato diseases in the field

        develop a produce handling toolkit and training for rural grocers
        in-field methods to predict potato blemishes for better crop storage.
    The Minnesota Grape Growers Association, to provide cold hardy grape
techniques and best practices.
    Third Sector New England for Real Food Challenge is testing the market for
cosmetically imperfect fruits and vegetables to eliminate food waste and
increase Minnesota grower profits.
    Minnesota Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association, to provide production and
management instruction for beginning fruit and vegetable growers.
    The MDA, to investigate the Spotted Winged Drosophila, a known fruit pest.
    Renewing the Countryside, to coordinate one-on-one assistance and
intervention for specialty crop growers in southeast Minnesota.
    Farm Commons Minnesota, to help growers understand the Food Safety
Modernization Act.
    The University of Minnesota Duluth and North Dakota State University, to
identify common potato blemish problems and investigate new potato cultivars.
    Cooperative Development Services, to assess financial metrics of specialty
crop food hubs and develop models to guide their development.
    Minnesota Grown Promotion Group, to increase sales of Minnesota specialty
crops by creating innovate promotional materials.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Southeast Michigan
Agriculture

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for Southeast Michigan
farmers and producers across the state. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award nearly $2 million to
support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the state, which is a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food. These projects include support for apple, floriculture, and nursery
growers throughout the region. For a complete list of Michigan projects, please
visit USDA's website here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In 2008, Senator Stabenow authored the first ever fruits and vegetables section
of a Farm Bill in history that supported so-called "specialty crops" - fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, nursery products, and floriculture. Prior to 2008, farm
bills focused largely on commodity crops but had no section dedicated to fruits
and vegetables. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill, signed into law by President Obama in
Michigan earlier this year, strengthens support for specialty crops and makes
major investments in organic crops and local and regional food hubs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Northern Michigan
Agriculture

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for Northern Michigan
farmers and producers across the state. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award nearly $2 million to
support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the state, which is a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food. These projects include support for cherry, apple, maple syrup, and
Christmas tree growers throughout the region as well as support for the Michigan
Grape and Wine Industry Council. For a complete list of Michigan projects,
please visit USDA's website here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In 2008, Senator Stabenow authored the first ever fruits and vegetables section
of a Farm Bill in history that supported so-called "specialty crops" - fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, nursery products, and floriculture. Prior to 2008, farm
bills focused largely on commodity crops but had no section dedicated to fruits
and vegetables. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill, signed into law by President Obama in
Michigan earlier this year, strengthens support for specialty crops and makes
major investments in organic crops and local and regional food hubs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             March 27, 2016, Sunday

FOOD Notes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P12F

LENGTH: 1018 words


Gourmet On The Gorge

Gourmet On The Gorge, located at JM Catering in the River Rock Retreat Hostel in
Lansing, has several upcoming Cooking On The Gorge classes:

-Uncork & Cook is a two-and-a-half-hour, hands-on cooking class. It will be
offered at 6 p.m. Thursday, April 7, April 21 and May 19. Instructor Joy Marr
will provide the fresh foods, aprons, recipes, equipped kitchen and instruction.
Students bring their beverage of choice.

-Julia & Joy is a three-and-a-half-hour cooking class that includes a character
performance by actress Karen Varunch who will bring the indomitable Julia Child
to life. Classes will be held May 21, July 16 and Aug. 27.

For more information visit www.gourmetonthegorge.com, or call 304-574-0394.

Uncork & Create classes

Uncork & Create Kitchen, 1031 Quarrier St., has several classes coming up that
may be of interest to area cooking enthusiasts:

-Create Your Own Succulent Garden Terrarium will be held at 2 p.m. April 16.
Participants will be guided step by step in the creation of their own large
glass globe succulent garden terrarium. All materials and supplies provided. The
cost is $55 per person.

-Advanced Sushi Making 2.0 will be at 6:30 p.m. April 16 with Chef Paco Aceves.
Participants will learn how to make a variety of rolls including traditional,
rice only, inside out and hand roll, pressed sushi and Nigiri. These will
include Alaska, California, dynamite, spicy tuna, Hawaiian and hand rolls with
several vegetables including tempura-style. sashimi, chirashizushi (sushi rice
salad), and several sauces including Yum Yum, Miso Mayo, and Japanese Ginger
Dressing will be taught. The cost is $65 per person. Visit
www.uncorkandcreate.com or call 304-552-3331 for more information or to
register.

Murder mystery tickets

Tickets are on sale for the next murder mystery dinner theater at 7 p.m. April 8
at Blossom Dairy, 904 Quarrier St. Tickets are $50 per person and include
dinner, sushi preparation and show. Call 304-345-9999 for more information.

Anniversary celebration

Fusion Teriyaki Grille of Kanawha City, located at 4002 MacCorkle Ave. SE, will
celebrate its one year anniversary on April 9 with special offers and free
samples of its new bubble tea from 2 to 4 p.m. For more information call
304-925-3663 (FOOD).

Gritt's Farm open house

BUFFALO - Gritt's Farm, 356 Gritt Road, will hold an open house from 10 a.m. to
2 p.m. Saturday. The day will include farm tours, mixed flower basket making
workshop and discussions on 2016 CSA memberships.

The cost for the workshop is $30 and includes coffee, food samples, fresh made
doughnuts and all materials needed for basket making except gloves, please bring
gloves from home if you prefer to use them.

RSVP by emailing events@grittsfarm.com or purchase your tickets in advance at
grittsfarm.ticketleap.com.

Farm tours are free. There is no obligation to sign up for a CSA membership
while attending the open house. Visit or call 304-937-2565 for more information.

CSA memberships

HUNTINGTON - Spots are still available for The Wild Ramp CSA through May 20. The
cost is $265 per standard share (feeds two people).

Meat and vegetarian options are available. Both options include produce, cheese,
dairy products and the occasional value-added item.

Pick up is from 3 to 6 p.m. each Friday at The Wild Ramp, 555 14th St. W. Call
304-523-7267 or email info@wildramp.org for more information.

2016 WV Specialty Crop Block Grants

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is now accepting project proposals
for the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The deadline to apply is
Monday.

The grant program, funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and administered
by the WVDA, gives specialty crop growers the opportunity to learn new
techniques, test them out, and share their knowledge with other producers.

Those applying for a grant must deal with a specialty crop such as fruits,
vegetables, horticulture products, tree nuts, herbs and spices, maple syrup,
honey and Christmas trees, among others.

Products explicitly excluded are livestock, eggs, corn, soybeans and other
commodity type crops. All projects must focus on industry related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops.

The program is available to groups and organizations that qualify to receive
grant funding but cannot be used to fund individual farms or enterprises. Visit
agriculture.wv.gov or call 304-558-3708 for more information.

Cupcake fundraiser

HUNTINGTON - Paula Vega Cake, 308 9th St., is donating $1 to the Ronald McDonald
house for each of the specially flavored "Ronald's Favorite Cupcake purchased
throughout March. Call 304-972-2253 for more information.

1863 Grill classes

ELKINS - 1863 Grill, 830 Harrison Ave., is continuing its series of winter
cooking classes throughout March and April. Classes include:

-Desserts at noon Saturday. Cost is $40 per person.

-Sushi making at noon April 9. Cost is $60 per person.

-Mother sauces at noon April 16. Cost is $40 per person.

Class sizes are limited. Visit www.1863grill.com/winter -cooking-classes or call
304-637-1863 for more information.

Tamarack Dinner Theatre

BECKLEY - Tamarack, One Tamarack Park, will present "The Country House at 6:30
p.m. April 8 and 9 as part of the 2016 Tamarack Dinner Theatre Series. The cost
is $48 per person. Visit or call 304-256-6843 for more information.

Chef's Challenge tickets

Tickets for Covenant House's signature fundraiser, Chef's Challenge, are on sale
now. The cost is $100 per person. The event will be from 5:30 to 8 p.m. April 5
at the Charleston Civic Center.

Seven local celebrity chefs from across the state will prepare a multi-course
meal with ingredients typically found in the Covenant House Food Pantry.

There will also be a silent and live auction and a drawing for an original Mark
Blumenstein sculpture called "House, which he created specifically for Chef's
Challenge. Online tickets for the "House drawing may be purchased for $10. The
winner will be announced during the dinner on April 5. You must be present to
win.

Visit http://bit.ly/Chefs Challenge2016 for more information or call Angie at
304-344-8053 x22.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              291 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $1.4 Million for Research, Promotion and
Protection of Specialty Crops Across New York State

LENGTH: 799  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $1.4 million in awards to help
specialty crops, including agricultural products that go into craft beers and
wines, remain strong here in New York. The Specialty Crop Block Grant program,
administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,
includes fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, hops, and nursery crops, and works
to enhance the competitiveness of New York farms by forming new partnerships to
create innovations in agriculture that benefit the State's economy.

"New York has one of the most diverse agricultural sectors in the nation, and
specialty crops play a substantial role in this thriving industry's success,"
Governor Cuomo said. "This funding supports in-depth research and programs that
promote healthy living, as well as our state's booming craft beer and wine
industries. We continue to make great progress in advancing our agricultural
economy, and these grants will help ensure that New York agriculture remains a
national leader for years to come."

Funding is being provided through the Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of
2004 (amended under the federal 2014 Farm Bill), which authorizes the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to provide state assistance for specialty crop
competitiveness programs. In cooperation with an advisory committee made up of
industry representatives, the New York State Department of Agriculture and
Markets solicited proposals that solely enhance the competitiveness of specialty
crops and benefit the greatest number of beneficiaries in one of three priority
areas. These include research and grower education, food safety, and marketing
and promotion.

"Specialty crops are an important part of the fabric of a strong agricultural
sector here in New York," said State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball.
"I grow specialty crops on my farm, and believe me when I say that there's a
great demand for them. This new funding will help the state's world class
researchers to combat diseases affecting specialty crops while enhancing food
safety and raising awareness of the quality of New York State agriculture across
the state."

New York ranks in the top ten nationwide in a variety of specialty crops,
including apples, grapes, sweet corn, tomatoes, pears, strawberries, Christmas
trees, maple syrup, onions and cabbage.

Congressman Paul D. Tonko said, "New York agriculture is one of the pillars of
economic growth statewide. Key to this industry is local support for specialty
crop farmers and fostering an environment for them to thrive. That is precisely
what this federal funding will do. It will promote locally grown produce in the
Capital Region, benefitting farmers and consumers. I thank Governor Cuomo for
his tireless advocacy and promotion of New York's farmers and growers and look
forward to their continued success."

Congressman Tom Reed said, "This is great news for Cornell University, who
utilizes specialty crops in their research and grower education. I worked hard
on the 2014 Farm Bill to secure necessary funds for the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative, an important resource to care for the unique agricultural products
in our district. This is another way for us to care for our local farmers and
educational institutes."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "Our fruit and vegetable farms are a vital
component of the Upstate economy, and they protect the rural landscape that
attracts thousands of visitors to our region. As a member of the House
Agriculture Committee, I have been a proud advocate for specialty crop
initiatives in the Farm Bill. I want to thank the state Department of
Agriculture and Markets for implementing marketing and research programs that
make our growers more competitive."

Congressman Richard Hanna said, "This is beneficial to our local producers as
well as our students. We know that consuming locally-grown foods from farmers
right here in our community is healthy, nutritious and wholesome, and it
supports our neighbors who work the land to provide quality products for their
neighbors to enjoy."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Delivering on a historic farm bill was
one of my top priorities because it gets results for the hardworking Hudson
Valley farmers who create thousands of local jobs, pump hundreds of millions
into our economy, and provide healthy fresh food for our schools and families.
This critical investment in research and innovation ensures our farmers continue
to create new ways to grow healthy nutritious foods, enhance food safety, and
grow our agricultural economy for all New Yorkers."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $5.6 MILLION IN FEDERAL U.S. DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE FUNDING FOR SPECIALTY CROPS ACROSS NEW YORK STATE

LENGTH: 1481  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced
$5,647,879.46 in federal funding to support New York State's specialty crop
producers and specialty crop research initiatives. These funds were allocated
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) as well as its National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA)
program and were authorized through the 2014 Farm Bill. Specifically, AMS will
be administering the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funding, which
will provide the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets with
$1,417,712.46 in funds to help support specialty crop growers, including locally
grown fruits and vegetables, through research and programs to increase demand.
In addition, NIFA will be administering the Specialty Crop Research Initiative
(SCRI) funding, which will provide Cornell University $4,230,167 in funds aimed
at supporting the specialty crop sector by developing and disseminating
science-based tools to address the needs of specific crops.

"New York produces a wide range of specialty crops, from fruits and vegetables,
to maple syrup and Christmas trees. All of these New York specialty crops rank
highly nationwide in terms of both production and economic value, and I am proud
to announce that this federal USDA funding will help bolster the specialty crop
industry by supporting research and development as well as programs that aim to
increase demand and distribute tools to better help farmers," said Senator
Schumer. "Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and that the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been
a top priority of mine. That is why I have always fought to secure funding for
these kinds of valuable programs. It is also one of the major reasons why I
proudly voted to pass this year's 2014 Farm Bill, which contained a number of
provisions beneficial to Upstate farmers, particularly those farmers of
specialty crops."

"New York's farmers, producers, and scientists are all going to benefit
tremendously from these USDA grants," said Senator Gillibrand, the first New
York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
"We have cutting edge agricultural research happening at Cornell, our farmers
across the state put in incredible work each year, and our diverse array of
crops makes its way to homes and businesses across the country and around the
world. This is exciting news for the state, and I am thrilled that the USDA
recognized that New York agriculture will continue to play a key role in the
nation's economy for many years to come."

"The success of New York State's agricultural industries relies on our ability
to robustly grow and market safe, nutritious and wholesome specialty crops,"
saidKathryn J. Boor, the Ronald P. Lynch Dean of Cornell University's College of
Agriculture and Life Sciences. "These resources for specialty crops research
will allow our scientists and our partners in the NYS Department of Agriculture
to delight consumers while further enhancing economic returns for our producers
across a range of products including onions, apples, wine grapes, potatoes,
tomatoes and more."

The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets will utilize its
$1,417,712.46 in SCBGP funds to support 15 specialty crop programs from around
the state. New York State will be partnering with Cornell University, Cornell
University's NYS Agriculture Experiment Station, the New York State Apple
Association, Rensselaer County, the Cornell Cooperative Extension of Broome
County and the New York State Pest Management Program to make all of these work
on projects surrounding food safety, marketing and promotion, and research and
grower education.

Cornell University, specifically, will utilize $2,627,860 separate SCRI funds to
optimize viticulture practices, genomic characterization, cultivar evaluation,
enological characterization, wine production, marketing strategies,
agri-tourism, product familiarity and preference. Ultimately, this research
seeks to eliminate the production and marketing constraints that currently
hinder the profitability and sustainability of emerging cold climate grape and
wine industries in the Upper Midwest and Northeast. Cornell will also be using
$1,602,307 of its SCRI funds to research ways to reduce the impact of tuber
necrotic viruses in potatoes by working with all sectors of the potato industry
to develop and implement new practices leading to a healthier potato crop and
higher farm income.

A full list of the 15 projects that will be supported by the New York State
Department of Agriculture and Markets appears below:

-          Bacterial Rots of Onions: Etiology and Control - $99,996 for New York
to partner with Cornell University to reduce onion producers growing losses due
to bacterial decay.

-          Breed Tomatoes with Improved Fruit as well as Late/Early Blight and
Septoria Leaf Spot Resistances - $99,997 for New York to partner with Cornell
University to control late blight, early blight, and Septoria leaf spot on New
York tomatoes

-          Enhancing the Competitiveness of New York's Onion Industry with an
IPM Program for Thrips - $100,000 for New York to partner with Cornell
University's Agricultural Experiment Station to develop and implement an
environmentally and economically sound strategy for managing thrips, a major
pest to New York State onions.

-          Using Under-Vine Cover Crops to Reduce Management Costs in Hybrid
Winegrapes - $37,358 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to reduce winegrape management costs.

-          Searching for the Oak Wilt Pathogen, Ceratocystis Fagacearum, in New
York State - $80,945 for New York to partner with Cornell University

-          Biology and Economic Impact of Red Blotch Disease in New York
Vineyards - $99,932 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to increase vineyard profitability, reduce
production uncertainties, and enhance the competitiveness of the New York grape
and wine industry.

-          Addressing Diseases That Threaten the Developing New York Hop
Industry - $99,350 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to establish effective programs to protect hops
from the threats posed by powdery and downy mildews.

-          Sour Rot: Defining and Managing a Disease Threatening the
Profitability of New York State Vineyards - $99,289 for New York to partner with
Cornell University's Agricultural Experiment Station to mitigate sour rot in
vineyards.

-          Organic Seed Treatments for Sweet Corn for Enhanced Stand
Establishment - $98,479 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to reduce production costs and provide
consistent plant stands by developing effective vermicompost seed treatments.

-          New York City Applelooza - $75,000 for New York to partner with the
New York Apple Association to increase awareness of and the competiveness of New
York apples and apple products.

-          Promoting Specialty Crops in the Capital Region - $92,308 for New
York to partner with Rensselaer County to increase the number of New York's
Capital Region specialty crop producers and their sales.

-          Let's Eat New York! A Farm-School-Grocery Partnership - $50,113 for
New York to partner with the Cornell University Cooperative Extension of Broome
County to increase sales of New York State specialty crops produce in the
Broome-Tioga BOCES institutional food service lunch program.

-          Providing New York's Organic and Transitioning Producer's with the
Pest Management Recommendations for Specialty Crops - $47,973 for New York to
partner with the New York State Integrated Pest Management (IPM) Program to
increase producer knowledge of the most up-to-date, legally allowed IPM
protocols for certified organic producers of specialty crops.

-          Expanding First Time GAP Audits and Preparing Producers for Food
Safety Regulations - $216,816.63 for the New York Department of Agriculture and
Markets to promote the Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) audit as the best way
to prepare for new regulatory programs and standards to be implemented under the
Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA).

-          Administration - $64,970.22 for the New York Department of
Agriculture and Markets to ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees abide
by Federal and State requirements and regulations by performing pre-award and
post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $5.6 Million In Federal U.S. Department
Of Agriculture Funding For Specialty Crops Across New York State

LENGTH: 1479  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced
$5,647,879.46 in federal funding to support New York State's specialty crop
producers and specialty crop research initiatives. These funds were allocated
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) as well as its National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA)
program and were authorized through the 2014 Farm Bill. Specifically, AMS will
be administering the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP) funding, which
will provide the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets with
$1,417,712.46 in funds to help support specialty crop growers, including locally
grown fruits and vegetables, through research and programs to increase demand.
In addition, NIFA will be administering the Specialty Crop Research Initiative
(SCRI) funding, which will provide Cornell University $4,230,167 in funds aimed
at supporting the specialty crop sector by developing and disseminating
science-based tools to address the needs of specific crops.

"New York produces a wide range of specialty crops, from fruits and vegetables,
to maple syrup and Christmas trees. All of these New York specialty crops rank
highly nationwide in terms of both production and economic value, and I am proud
to announce that this federal USDA funding will help bolster the specialty crop
industry by supporting research and development as well as programs that aim to
increase demand and distribute tools to better help farmers," said Senator
Schumer. "Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish and that the unique
needs of New York agriculture are considered in federal programs has always been
a top priority of mine. That is why I have always fought to secure funding for
these kinds of valuable programs. It is also one of the major reasons why I
proudly voted to pass this year's 2014 Farm Bill, which contained a number of
provisions beneficial to Upstate farmers, particularly those farmers of
specialty crops."

"New York's farmers, producers, and scientists are all going to benefit
tremendously from these USDA grants," said Senator Gillibrand, the first New
York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
"We have cutting edge agricultural research happening at Cornell, our farmers
across the state put in incredible work each year, and our diverse array of
crops makes its way to homes and businesses across the country and around the
world. This is exciting news for the state, and I am thrilled that the USDA
recognized that New York agriculture will continue to play a key role in the
nation's economy for many years to come."

"The success of New York State's agricultural industries relies on our ability
to robustly grow and market safe, nutritious and wholesome specialty crops,"
said Kathryn J. Boor, the Ronald P. Lynch Dean of Cornell University's College
of Agriculture and Life Sciences. "These resources for specialty crops research
will allow our scientists and our partners in the NYS Department of Agriculture
to delight consumers while further enhancing economic returns for our producers
across a range of products including onions, apples, wine grapes, potatoes,
tomatoes and more."

The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets will utilize its
$1,417,712.46 in SCBGP funds to support 15 specialty crop programs from around
the state. New York State will be partnering with Cornell University, Cornell
University's NYS Agriculture Experiment Station, the New York State Apple
Association, Rensselaer County, the Cornell Cooperative Extension of Broome
County and the New York State Pest Management Program to make all of these work
on projects surrounding food safety, marketing and promotion, and research and
grower education.

Cornell University, specifically, will utilize $2,627,860 separate SCRI funds to
optimize viticulture practices, genomic characterization, cultivar evaluation,
enological characterization, wine production, marketing strategies,
agri-tourism, product familiarity and preference. Ultimately, this research
seeks to eliminate the production and marketing constraints that currently
hinder the profitability and sustainability of emerging cold climate grape and
wine industries in the Upper Midwest and Northeast. Cornell will also be using
$1,602,307 of its SCRI funds to research ways to reduce the impact of tuber
necrotic viruses in potatoes by working with all sectors of the potato industry
to develop and implement new practices leading to a healthier potato crop and
higher farm income.

A full list of the 15 projects that will be supported by the New York State
Department of Agriculture and Markets appears below:

-          Bacterial Rots of Onions: Etiology and Control - $99,996 for New York
to partner with Cornell University to reduce onion producers growing losses due
to bacterial decay.

-          Breed Tomatoes with Improved Fruit as well as Late/Early Blight and
Septoria Leaf Spot Resistances - $99,997 for New York to partner with Cornell
University to control late blight, early blight, and Septoria leaf spot on New
York tomatoes

-          Enhancing the Competitiveness of New York's Onion Industry with an
IPM Program for Thrips - $100,000 for New York to partner with Cornell
University's Agricultural Experiment Station to develop and implement an
environmentally and economically sound strategy for managing thrips, a major
pest to New York State onions.

-          Using Under-Vine Cover Crops to Reduce Management Costs in Hybrid
Winegrapes - $37,358 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to reduce winegrape management costs.

-          Searching for the Oak Wilt Pathogen, Ceratocystis Fagacearum, in New
York State - $80,945 for New York to partner with Cornell University

-          Biology and Economic Impact of Red Blotch Disease in New York
Vineyards - $99,932 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to increase vineyard profitability, reduce
production uncertainties, and enhance the competitiveness of the New York grape
and wine industry.

-          Addressing Diseases That Threaten the Developing New York Hop
Industry - $99,350 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to establish effective programs to protect hops
from the threats posed by powdery and downy mildews.

-          Sour Rot: Defining and Managing a Disease Threatening the
Profitability of New York State Vineyards - $99,289 for New York to partner with
Cornell University's Agricultural Experiment Station to mitigate sour rot in
vineyards.

-          Organic Seed Treatments for Sweet Corn for Enhanced Stand
Establishment - $98,479 for New York to partner with Cornell University's
Agricultural Experiment Station to reduce production costs and provide
consistent plant stands by developing effective vermicompost seed treatments.

-          New York City Applelooza - $75,000 for New York to partner with the
New York Apple Association to increase awareness of and the competiveness of New
York apples and apple products.

-          Promoting Specialty Crops in the Capital Region - $92,308 for New
York to partner with Rensselaer County to increase the number of New York's
Capital Region specialty crop producers and their sales.

-          Let's Eat New York! A Farm-School-Grocery Partnership - $50,113 for
New York to partner with the Cornell University Cooperative Extension of Broome
County to increase sales of New York State specialty crops produce in the
Broome-Tioga BOCES institutional food service lunch program.

-          Providing New York's Organic and Transitioning Producer's with the
Pest Management Recommendations for Specialty Crops - $47,973 for New York to
partner with the New York State Integrated Pest Management (IPM) Program to
increase producer knowledge of the most up-to-date, legally allowed IPM
protocols for certified organic producers of specialty crops.

-          Expanding First Time GAP Audits and Preparing Producers for Food
Safety Regulations - $216,816.63 for the New York Department of Agriculture and
Markets to promote the Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) audit as the best way
to prepare for new regulatory programs and standards to be implemented under the
Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA).

-          Administration - $64,970.22 for the New York Department of
Agriculture and Markets to ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees abide
by Federal and State requirements and regulations by performing pre-award and
post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Announces Nearly $1.9 Million in Support for
Michigan Fruit, Vegetable, and Nursery Producers

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow (D-MI), Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced nearly $1.9 million in
critical funding to support fruit, vegetable, nursery, and floriculture
producers across Michigan.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award $1,887,408 million to support 20
specialty crop projects throughout the state.  For a complete list of Michigan
projects receiving support, please visit USDA's website here.





 "Today's announcement is great news for Michigan growers, who will be able to
more effectively sell their products at local and regional farmers' markets,
protect their crops from pests and diseases, and develop better production and
food safety practices," said Senator Stabenow.  "Support for fruit, vegetable,
nursery, and floriculture producers has been a top priority of mine and I will
continue to work so that Michigan families have better access to local and
health food options and Michigan growers have the tools they need to succeed."



 In 2008, Senator Stabenow authored the first ever fruits and vegetables section
of a Farm Bill in history that supported specialty crops - fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, nursery products, and floriculture.  Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill
strengthened support for specialty crops and made major investments in organic
crops and local and regional food hubs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA Awards $113 Million to Support Specialty Crop Production, Grow
Opportunities for Rural Communities

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today awarded more than $113 million
in program grants to support farmers growing fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and
nursery crops, also known as &ldquo;specialty crops,&rdquo; through research,
agricultural extension activities, and programs to increase demand and address
the needs of America's specialty crop industry.





 Today's announcement is part of a USDA-wide effort supporting President Obama's
commitment to strengthening local and regional food systems. These grants are
administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA).



 &ldquo;Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a sound
investment in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to healthy
food for our nation's families," Vilsack said. "These investments will support
local and regional markets, and improve access to healthy food for millions of
children and supply thousands of farmers markets, restaurants and other
businesses with fresh, high-quality fruits and vegetables. The grants also help
growers solve technology needs or make better informed decisions on
profitability and sustainability, leading to stronger rural American communities
and businesses.&rdquo;



 USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service is awarding $63 million to 755 Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program projects nation-wide.  The grants are issued to State
departments of agriculture for projects that help support specialty crop
growers, including locally grown fruits, vegetables, and nursery crops,
including floriculture through research and programs to increase demand.  Since
2009, AMS has awarded 385 grants totaling $392.9 million for 5,484 projects,
including those announced today.



 For example, an Ohio program was awarded a grant that will increase specialty
crop competitiveness by helping Ohio growers with organic production and food
safety grant. The Ohio Ecological Food and Farm Association will provide Ohio
beginning and existing organic farmers direct technical support and educational
programming to help improve organic production and marketing skills. The project
will also help transition other growers to certified organic production, and
will help farmers of all sizes and levels of experience to establish and
implement on-farm food safety plans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Bennet Announces $684,000 in USDA Grants for Colorado

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of The Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet announced today that the Colorado
Department of Agriculture has been awarded $684,488.50 in competitive grants
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support eleven specialty crop
projects across the state. The grants, which come from the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (SCBG), will help support and promote local and regional fresh
fruit and vegetable production.

"These grants will help Colorado fruit and vegetable farmers increase production
and more effectively market their products in local communities," Bennet, a
member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, said. "This grant program is an
important part of the Farm Bill for Colorado's specialty crop producers and is
at risk if the Farm Bill expires next week. It's just one more example of why
Congress needs to pass this bipartisan bill."

The Farm Bill governs our national agriculture, nutrition, private lands
conservation, and forestry policy. The 2008 bill expired and has been operating
on a short-term extension ever since. The SCBG Program is authorized by the Farm
Bill and is designed to help strengthen the market for specialty crops like
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops,
including floriculture.

For further information please visit: http://www.bennet.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Mid-Michigan Agriculture

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for Mid-Michigan
farmers and producers across the state. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award nearly $2 million to
support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the state, which is a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food. These projects include support for Michigan State University, which is
conducting innovative research to help fruit and vegetable growers, and Allen
Street Neighborhood Center to promote fruits and vegetables in the region.
Projects will also support apple, potato, floriculture, and nursery growers. For
a complete list of Michigan projects, please visit USDA's website here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In 2008, Senator Stabenow authored the first ever fruits and vegetables section
of a Farm Bill in history that supported so-called "specialty crops" - fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, nursery products, and floriculture. Prior to 2008, farm
bills focused largely on commodity crops but had no section dedicated to fruits
and vegetables. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill, signed into law by President Obama in
Michigan earlier this year, strengthens support for specialty crops and makes
major investments in organic crops and local and regional food hubs.

Michigan produces a wider diversity of crops than any state but California,
including many fruits and vegetables. Michigan is the national leader in the
production of over 18 types of crops, and Michigan specialty crop production has
increased 33 percent in the last decade. Agriculture is Michigan's
second-largest industry.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $97 Million Available to Expand Access to Healthy Food,
Support Rural Economies

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WICHITA, Kan., March 16, 2015 - In a speech at the National Farmers Union
Convention today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability
of $96.8 million in grants to fund innovative projects designed to support
specialty crop producers, local food entrepreneurs, and farm to school efforts,
which in turn will increase access to healthy, nutritious food for American
families and children. The announcement is part of USDA efforts during National
Nutrition Month to focus on improving access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious
products for millions of Americans.

"Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a sound investment
in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to healthy food for
our nation's families," Vilsack said. "Consumer demand for local, healthy food
is skyrocketing in schools, hospitals and wholesalers. These grant opportunities
allow farmers and ranchers to meet this demand, and feed our nation's kids."

Secretary Vilsack also announced changes in the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program (NAP) to help increase access to the program for beginning,
limited-resource and other producers who do not have risk protection available
through crop insurance products. Many of these producers grow fruits, vegetables
and other specialty crops.

"With these changes, more farmers can enter the specialty crop marketplace with
peace of mind that they have risk protection should disaster strike," said
Vilsack.

The grant programs administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program which covers two types of grants: the Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). Also included in the
announcement is the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School Grant
Program, designed to bring local foods into the school cafeteria. USDA's Farm
Service Agency implements the NAP program, which has been expanded to better
protect specialty crop and other eligible producers from losses due to natural
disasters.

"American farmers and ranchers feed the nation. These grant programs provide
vital support to specialty crop producers, whose fruits and vegetables fill over
half of the MyPlate recommendations," said Agricultural Marketing Service
Administrator Anne Alonzo. "They also support local and regional food systems
that are meeting consumer demand and creating economic opportunities in rural
and urban communities around the country."

Over $63.2 million in SCBGP grants are allocated to U.S. States and territories
based on a formula that considers both specialty crop acreage and production
value. Interested applicants should apply directly through their State
department of agriculture. A listing of state contacts and application due dates
can be found at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

The FSMIP provides $1 million in matching funds to State departments of
agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other appropriate state
agencies. Funds will support research projects that address challenges and
opportunities in marketing, transporting, and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total of
$26.6 million divided equally between its two grant programs. The FMPP provides
$13.3 million to support projects for direct farmer-to-consumer marketing
projects such as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs,
roadside stands, and agritourism. The LFPP offers $13.3 million in funds for
projects that support intermediary supply chain activities for businesses that
process, distribute, aggregate, and store locally- or regionally-produced food
products.

Grant applications for FSMIP, FMPP and LFPP must be submitted electronically
through www.Grants.gov by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 14, 2015. Applicants
should start the Grants.gov registration process as soon as possible to ensure
that they meet the deadline.

AMS will host a webinar on March 25, 2015, to introduce FMPP and LFPP to
potential applicants and a teleconference about FSMIP on March 31, 2015. For
more information about SCBGP, FSMIP, FMPP, and LFPP, including program
background and webinar information, visit the AMS grants website:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSgrants.

With $6 million in funding available, four different types of USDA Farm to
School grants are available. Planning grants help schools get started, while
implementation grants enable schools to expand existing programs. Support
service grants allow community partners such as non-profit entities, Indian
tribal nations, state and local agencies, and agriculture producers to provide
broad reaching support to schools in their efforts to bring local products into
the cafeteria. Training grants are used to disseminate best practices and spread
strategies known to succeed. Proposals for planning, implementation, and support
service grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, May 20, 2015. Letters of
intent for training grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, April 30, 2015.

More information about the Farm to School grant program, upcoming webinars
relevant to applicants, and sample grant applications can be found at:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/farm-school-grant-program.

These programs are key elements of the USDA's Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer
initiative which coordinates the Department's support for local and regional
food systems. The Secretary has identified local and regional food systems as
one of the four pillars of rural economic development.

A recent USDA Economic Research Service (ERS) report indicates that more than
160,000 farmers and ranchers nationwide are tapping into growing consumer demand
by selling their products locally. This segment of agriculture is a vibrant
growth area that is drawing young people back to rural communities, generating
jobs and improving quality of life in rural communities.
    In FY13-14, USDA made over 500 infrastructure investments that create new
markets for local food- including food hubs, scale-appropriate processing, and
distribution networks - that are connecting farmers and ranchers with new
sources of revenue and creating jobs.
    Since the program began in 2012, USDA's Farm to School program has funded
221 projects in 49 states, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands.
According to the USDA's Farm to School Census, schools spent over $385 million
on local food purchases during the 2011-2012 school year.
    USDA has expanded access to healthy foods in underserved communities by
making EBT available at farmers markets. Over 5,000 farmers markets now accept
EBT, and SNAP redemption at farmers markets nationwide rose from $4 million in
2009 to over $18 million in 2014.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 10, 2011 Monday

USDA gives specialty crop grants

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Oct. 10--It's a small pot of money, but the $1.17 million specialty crop grant
Arizona will receive this year from the U.S. Department of Agriculture will do a
lot of good for the fresh fruit and vegetable industry, say agriculture
officials.

The funds are to be used for marketing, education, food safety and research that
benefit the industry, said Brett Cameron, assistant director of the Arizona
Department of Agriculture.

That includes growers in Yuma County, where the production of lettuce, broccoli,
cauliflower and other winter vegetables is a multimillion-dollar industry,
earning the area the title of the world's winter lettuce capital.

"These funds are important to local growers," said Kurt Nolte, director of the
Yuma County Cooperative Extension. "They help increase their productive and
marketability."

For example, $62,726 has been allocated to the 2012 Southwest Ag Summit, to be
held March 7-8 in Yuma. The annual event, which focuses on specialty crop
production in the desert Southwest, provides an interactive forum among farmers,
specialists, educators and students with speakers, academic workshops and
hands-on field demonstrations.

The funding will help expand the event's reach through marketing and an updated
website. Matching funds will be used to cover expenditures for non-specialty
crop commodities. Last year's summit drew nearly 1,000 people.

A large portion of Arizona's total allocation will help fund various research
projects being conducted by the University of Arizona, including research at the
UA Yuma Agricultural Center, said Nolte. These projects include work on a
mechanized lettuce thinner, control of pests and disease in vegetables, risk
management and improved production.

They also fund work on food safety, an increasingly important issue for the
fresh vegetable industry, he said.

Arizona Grown, a state program that seeks to raise awareness and consumption of
locally grown specialty crops, will receive $30,000.

About $55 million in specialty crop grants went to states and U.S. territories
to fund 740 initiatives this year, announced USDA Deputy Secretary Kathleen
Merrigan. The grants will help strengthen the market for specialty crops that
include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery
crops, she said.

"Agriculture plays a vital role in the health and strength of our economy. By
investing in specialty crop growers and producers across the country, we can
help spark new markets and job creation, while expanding production of healthy,
safe and affordable food."

Merrigan also highlighted the three pending trade agreements with Colombia,
Panama and South Korea.

"When approved, these agreements will clear the way for new American exports
around the world, help create jobs and provide new income opportunities for our
nation's agricultural producers, small businesses and rural communities," she
said.

The USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is administered by the Agricultural
Marketing Service. Visit www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp to read fiscal year 2011 project
summaries.

Joyce Lobeck can be reached at jlobeck@yumasun.com or 539-6853.

___ (c)2011 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111010-YZ-USDA-gives-specialty-crop-grants-1010-20111010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2011 The Sun


                              300 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           December 15, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FRUITS AND VEGETABLES, SUGAR BENEFIT FROM SENATE FARM BILL

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate overwhelmingly passed a $286 billion farm bill Friday that calls for
a dramatic increase in federal support for fruits and vegetables and would boost
sugar loan rates for the first time in 22 years.

The White House threatened to veto the bill, which received enough votes in the
Senate to override the president. The House passed a similar bill in July, but
its 231-191 margin would not be enough to overturn a veto.

The 79-14 Senate vote was the most support given to a farm bill in that chamber
since 1973 and would have been even higher if the four Democratic senators
campaigning for the presidency, who all said they supported the bill, voted.
Florida Sens. Bill Nelson, a Democrat, and Mel Martinez, a Republican, both
voted for the bill.

"This is a good bill for ranchers and for farmers and for everybody who eats
food in America," said Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, chairman of the Senate
Agriculture Committee.

Martinez said three quarters of the money goes to nutrition programs and land
conservation.

"The benefits to Florida are significant and will have a positive impact on
farmers, consumers and our fragile ecosystem," he said. "And for the first time
ever, a substantial amount of funding will go to Florida's specialty crop
growers."

The bill isn't perfect, he said, but it significantly changes federal farm
policy to the benefit of the food producing industry and consumers.

"There are conservation programs that will help protect Florida's wetlands,
grasslands, and overall environment," he said.

The bill now heads to a House-Senate conference early next year. The White House
said the House and Senate bills included $22.4 billion dollars in new taxes and
would "increase the size and scope of the federal government and damage the
credibility of farm programs. In addition, Congress has refused to significantly
limit farm income subsidies for the wealthiest Americans."

Since the last five-year farm bill expired Sept. 30, farm programs have been
operating on a temporary extension. The new five-year bill would address crop
and dairy subsidies, nutrition programs such as food stamps, and expand federal
support for specialty crops. Specialty crops in Florida include citrus,
tomatoes, cucumbers, watermelons, nursery crops, and other fruits and
vegetables.

The Senate bill would earmark $3 billion for specialty crops including roughly
$700 million in disaster relief for fruit and vegetable crops, according to John
Keeling, a co-chairman of the Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance.

"We think that it is a good step toward recognizing specialty crops as an
important part of agricultural policy," Keeling said.

Included in the money authorized for specialty crops would be: $1.1 billion to
expand the school fruit and vegetable snack program to all 50 states; $270
million in block grants to the states to assist in specialty crop promotion; and
an increase in pest detection and research from $200 million next year to $240
million by 2012.

Several of the Senate bill's funding provisions would expire after 2012 or
revert to lower levels, which will have to be fixed, Keeling said.

Michael Sparks, executive vice president and CEO of Florida Citrus Mutual, said
the bill would help the citrus industry combat diseases such as citrus greening.

"The U.S. Senate made a terrific investment in our country's fruit and vegetable
industry today and we are very appreciative," Sparks said in a statement.

Ryan Weston, vice president and general manager of the Florida Sugar Cane
League, said both the House and Senate farm bills "are very strong on sugar.

"There are some slight differences between the two, but we are very excited to
get to conference," he said.

The Senate bill would gradually increase the sugar loan rate from 18 cents per
pound to 19 cents by 2012. The House bill would immediately raise it to 18.5
cents.

~ larryl@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 Mel Martinez (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

Grants for chili crops

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 209 words


U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman announced on Wednesday that the U.S. Department of
Agri_culture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program has awarded $458,542.31 to
benefit the New Mexico Department of Agriculture this year.

"This funding will ensure that New Mexico's unique agriculture industry
continues to thrive," Bingaman said. "With this grant, New Mexico will be able
to make its crops more competitive and marketable, as well as more widely
available."

The funding supports the following initiatives, among other:

Increasing market share for New Mexico green chile in the national market by
providing technical training seminars, webinars, as well as demographic analysis
and innovative taste and preference.

Partnership with New Mexico State University to explore the possibility of
implementing a certification program in an effort to increase the value of New
Mexico Chile peppers.

Partnership with New Mexico State University to determine the feasibility for
establishing a regional wholesale and/or retail market facility to supply the
greater Alb_uquerque metro area with locally grown specialty crops.

Enhance the marketing, development, and competitiveness of value-added specialty
crop food and beverage products for the food service industry.

- From reports

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Bennet Announces $684,000 in USDA Grants for Colorado

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of The Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet announced today that the Colorado
Department of Agriculture has been awarded $684,488.50 in competitive grants
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support eleven specialty crop
projects across the state. The grants, which come from the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (SCBG), will help support and promote local and regional fresh
fruit and vegetable production.

"These grants will help Colorado fruit and vegetable farmers increase production
and more effectively market their products in local communities," Bennet, a
member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, said. "This grant program is an
important part of the Farm Bill for Colorado's specialty crop producers and is
at risk if the Farm Bill expires next week. It's just one more example of why
Congress needs to pass this bipartisan bill."

For further information please visit: http://www.bennet.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 7, 2011 Monday

Funds for S.D. crop projects offered

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 98 words


PIERRE, S.D. (AP) - The state Agriculture Department has federal money available
to help producers enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops such as fruits,
tree nuts, vegetables, nursery crops and horticulture.

About $208,000 is available through the Specialty Crops Block Grant Program in
the 2008 Farm Bill.

Officials said the funds can be used for projects that involve research, food
safety, nutrition, promotion, distribution, best management procedures and more.

and a variety of other uses to advance the specialty crop industry in South
Dakota.

Applications are due by March 25.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                     October 19, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

CARE NEEDED IN SPENDING $64 MILLION FOR CROPS

BYLINE: DONALD G. GORDON JR.

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 08

LENGTH: 558 words


LAST JULY, CONGRESS passed and President Bush signed a special $6.4 billion
assistance package to stabilize the nation's troubled economy. Although the
legislation covered many of the traditional federal commodity programs, it also
provided an unprecedented $159.4 million to the states to promote specialty crop
agriculture.

As the nation's leading producer of specialty crops, California received the
largest portion of the funds, roughly $64 million. In comparison, Florida, the
second largest producer, received about $18 million.

The $64 million is appropriated to the state in the form of a block grant, which
means that there are basically no strings attached, other than the priority that
is given to specialty crops. The law defines specialty crops to mean "any
agricultural crop, except wheat, feed grains, oil seeds, cotton, rice, peanuts
and tobacco." The U.S. Department of Agriculture has offered suggestions
regarding the use of the funds (i.e. pest and disease prevention, control and
eradication; food safety; research; and market promotion).

However, these are not binding with respect to the state's actions.

The California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) currently receives
about $100 million from the state General Fund. Most of these state funds go to
two primary program areas: pest prevention and eradication, and plant and animal
health protection. Therefore, the $64 million in federal monies represents a
significant increase in public support for agriculture.

The task that is now in the hands of state policy leaders is how to apply the
funds in a manner that will best serve California's ailing agricultural economy.

This may prove to be a formidable undertaking since California has approximately
89,000 farms and 300-plus specialty crops. The state has a long track record of
experience in effectively responding to regional emergencies such as the
disastrous citrus freeze in 1998 or the current glassy-winged
sharpshooter/Pierce's Disease problem.

However, the $64 million economic assistance package is an entirely different
matter. It will have to address the needs of a very diverse, statewide industry
that is being pummeled by a number of deep-seated economic problems.

Although $64 million is a lot of money, it is a very limited amount when
compared to the $26 billion in gross income earned by California farmers in
1999. If the grant is spread among too many programs, it will be of little
assistance. Therefore, a lot of careful thought and analysis must be given to
the uses of these emergency assistance funds.

The first step in the process will be a series of field listening sessions
conducted by the CDFA to hear ideas from agriculture and allied interests. These
are scheduled for:

* 9 a.m. Tuesday, San Joaquin County Fairgrounds

* 9 a.m. Thursday, Richard Nutter Agricultural Center, Salinas

* 9 a.m. Oct. 29, Mid-Winter Fiesta Fairgrounds, El Centro.

* 9 a.m. Oct. 31, CDFA Auditorium, Sacramento.

There undoubtedly will be a myriad of well-intentioned recommendations put
forward. The challenge will be to determine which combination of ideas provide
the "biggest bang for the buck" and equitably assist the greatest number of
farmers.

Donald Gordon is president of the Agricultural Council of California.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Producers urge better incentives for niche crops

BYLINE: Lynnette Hintze, Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words


Oct. 22--Local specialty crop producers made their case for more flexible grant
application processes and enhanced incentives for small growers during a
round-table discussion Thursday with Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont.

Tester held his second "Barnstormin' Farm Bill" session at Glacier Hops Ranch
near Whitefish to hear from farmers as Congress begins constructing a new Farm
Bill. The current Farm Bill expires in 2018 but hearings begin next year.

Sue Snow, co-owner of Tabletree Juice in Bigfork, pointed out how the
value-added producer grant application process has too short of a turnaround
between the time applications are available and when they're due.

Kathy Hadley, executive director of the Butte-based National Center for
Appropriate Technology said she has gotten many comments from small producers
about the ill-timed June deadline for specialty-crop grants. That's one of the
busiest times of year for farmers. She wondered if a winter time line could be
set up.

Tom Britz of Glacier Hops Ranch made a pitch for more flexible grant programs.

"As an entrepreneur you have to plan a year in advance," Britz said. "If you had
the ability to have a flexible application process" small producers would be
better able to react to market opportunities for their crops.

Other producers said the amount of time it takes to administer the grant, such
as completing the required paperwork, makes the process cumbersome.

Pat McGlynn, Montana State University Extension Agent for Flathead County, said
she believes specialty-crop block grants are useful and would like to see an
agriculture innovation center with a food scientist sponsored by the university
system in Montana. In other states the costs of such programs are picked up by
universities.

"At Cornell you could use [the ag innovation center] for free and have access to
a food scientist," McGlynn pointed out.

Mike Jopek of Purple Frog Gardens in Whitefish told Tester about the challenges
of local vegetable producers competing with vegetables imported from other
countries.

"We do compete with growers south of the border," Jopek said. "The cost of labor
is so wildly different for domestic producers. It's a real competition issue."

Andy Sponseller, owner of 10 Spoon Winery in Missoula, echoed Jopek's concern.
He pointed to the huge amount of nationally subsidized wine pouring into
American markets, and stressed the need for more incentives and help with
marketing for small producers.

"How are we going to get the guy down the road to eat our vegetables, drink our
wine?" Sponseller asked. Even if local products are superior to others, "being
at the top of your game is not enough," he said.

Bruce Johnson, president of the Flathead Lake Cherry Growers, told Tester the
Flathead's cherry industry remains heavily dependent on migrant workers,
employing 200 to 300 migrant workers during the harvest season.

"We want to make sure the [new] Farm Bill doesn't have language that would
prohibit" access to the migrant workforce, Johnson said.

Tester said it's important for farmers to start talking now about what works and
what doesn't in the current Farm Bill.

"You guys approach agriculture from the standpoint of economic development,"
Tester said at the round-table discussion. "We need thoughtful discussion rather
than reactive" response.

Britz said afterward that local farmers have found that "completely unrelated
agriculture segments oftentimes share the same problems and are looking for
similar solutions."

A third listening session is planned at 8:30 a.m. Friday, Oct. 28, at the
University of Montana in Missoula.

Anyone with input about what changes could be made to the federal Farm Bill can
email farmbillcomments@tester.senate.gov

Features editor Lynnette Hintze may be reached at 758-4421 or by email at
lhintze@dailyinterlake.com

___ (c)2016 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161022-KG-Producers-urge-better-incentives-for-niche-crops
-1022-20161022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2016 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.


                              306 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Grants Available for Michigan's Specialty Groups

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Home has issued the following news release:



  The Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development today announced a
request for proposals through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program from the
United States Department of Agriculture Agriculture Marketing Service. The grant
funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA.





 The program is designed to enhance the competitiveness of Michigan's specialty
crops. Grant proposals must be received by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on
Thursday, April 6, 2017, by submitting them to MDA-grants@michigan.gov



 The grants, with a maximum award of $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of
the state 's specialty crops, including but not limited to the following:
promotion; marketing; research; nutrition; trade enhancement; food safety; food
security; plant health programs; education; increased knowledge and consumption;
increased innovation; improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution
systems; environmental concerns and conservation; product development; good
agricultural practices; good handling practices; and good manufacturing
practices.

 Funding priority will be given to projects with a focus on Market Enhancement;
Research; and Training and Education.



 Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations; local, state, and federal
government entities; and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole, and exclusively benefit a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 415 words


COMPANY TO CONSIDER 'ONRAMP' FOR PIPELINE

BILLINGS, Mont. - Trans-Canada executives say they will consider letting Montana
and North Dakota crude oil onto a proposed pipeline to the Gulf Coast, after
hearing from U.S. oil producers.

Calgary-based TransCanada Corp. aims to start construction this year on the
1,980-mile Keystone XL pipeline, which also will travel through Nebraska. It's
part of a $12 billion investment to move crude from Canada's oil sands to
refineries in the United States.

The company previously rebuffed calls to build an "onramp" for crude from
Montana and North Dakota, but facing political pressure to reconsider,
Trans-Canada Vice President Robert Johnson said Wednesday that Keystone XL was
"open for business" with U.S. producers.

Baxter recalls devices for home dialysis

CHICAGO - Baxter International Inc. said it is recalling an in-home dialysis
device that has been linked to serious injury reports and at least one death in
the last two years.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has classified the recall as a Class I
recall, the agency's most serious, for Baxter's Home-Choice and HomeChoice Pro
peritoneal dialysis cyclers because the device is causing an "overfill" of fluid
in the patient's stomach.

A Class I recall means the FDA wants the company to address the problems.

STATE SEEKING SPECIALTY CROP APPLICATIONS

The Nebraska Department of Agriculture is again seeking grant proposals from
organizations or groups of individuals interested in enhancing the
competitiveness of the state's specialty crop industry. Specialty crops are
defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and
nursery crops (including floriculture).

"Specialty crop production continues to be an important segment of Nebraska's
agricultural industry," said Ag Director Greg Ibach. "As our state's specialty
crop production continues to grow, we encourage those involved to look into the
opportunities available through this grant program."

The department is requesting grant proposals as part of its effort to develop a
state plan for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program.

Grant proposal guidelines and application information are available by calling
(800) 422-6692, or e-mailing casey.foster @nebraska.gov. More information on the
process also can be accessed on the Ag Department Web site at www.agr.ne.gov.
Additional information is also available at the USDA Web site at
www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              May 1, 2008 Thursday

Farm bill negotiators near agreement

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON _ Lawmakers late Thursday came close to wrapping up a farm bill that
offers record spending for fruits and vegetables while falling short of some
demands for crop subsidy reform.

Capping a long and tumultuous ride, House and Senate negotiators effectively
endorsed the farm bill that's expected to cost about $280 billion over five
years. More than $1 billion will support the specialty crop producers who
complain they've been ignored too long.

"I believe we have a package here," Sen. Tom Harkin, the Iowa Democrat who
chairs the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, said early
Thursday evening. "I'm hoping we can get through this and put this puppy to
bed."

Negotiators were meeting several hours after the House and Senate approved a
two-week extension Thursday. Congress now has through May 16 to finish the bill.

Congressional negotiators anticipated working into the night Thursday, though
final approvals won't come until budget numbers are firmed up next week.
Negotiators did complete, though, certain provisions including a new $986
million specialty crop chapter closely watched in states like Florida and
California.

The specialty crop funding includes $499 million for a block grant program. The
money will be distributed among all 50 states for help with marketing, promotion
and food safety, among other efforts. In a separate research chapter,
negotiators included $230 million for specialty crop research.

"They've made me happy on some things," said Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Calif.

Cardoza chairs the House horticulture and organic agriculture subcommittee. Like
other lawmakers with a big stake in the farm bill, he's been enduring a rough
ride in recent weeks. As late as Thursday afternoon, he was fuming about how
negotiations were being handled.

On Wednesday night and Thursday morning, for instance, California Democratic
Sen. Barbara Boxer flexed her Senate muscles to temporarily block passage of the
simple farm bill extension. Boxer finally lifted her hold once she fended off
unwanted changes in conservation and wetlands reserve funding.

"We are now making some progress," said Boxer's spokeswoman, Natalie Ravitz.

(EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM)

Myriad other policies have appeared to remain fluid throughout the negotiations.
House plans to charge dairy importers a fee to cover U.S. dairy promotions
suddenly disappeared one day. After some lawmakers kicked up a fuss, the new
fees returned.

Still other provisions keep getting more complicated. In particular, negotiators
are concocting Rube Goldberg-type systems ostensibly designed to reduce
subsidies received by wealthy farmers. Bush originally sought an income limit of
$200,000, which Congress considers far too low.

"It changes by the hour," Cardoza said of the overall negotiationsCardoza is one
of 60 congressional negotiators appointed to reconcile two sprawling and
distinct farm bills approved by the House in July and the Senate in December.

The House and Senate conference committee met for the first time April 10, and
then quickly dropped from sight. During the intervening three weeks, follow-up
meetings were scheduled and then abruptly canceled. Several committee chairmen
and congressional leaders handled most of the heavy lifting in private meetings.

Last Friday, with some fanfare, the key negotiators trumpeted an agreement on
important issues. They established a new permanent disaster relief program,
costing roughly $3.75 billion over five years, and they set new funding for
conservation and food aid.

By the weekend, though, negotiators were stumbling over further details. The
extension approved by voice vote Thursday, the sixth so far, keeps current farm
policies in place while lawmakers resolve their differences and staff write the
language that will easily exceed 1,000 pages when all is said and done.

"This horse has been beaten enough," said Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, the
senior GOP member of the Senate agriculture committee.

Chambliss met privately with President Bush on Thursday, in an effort to soften
White House skepticism about the bill.

___

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau on the World Wide Web at
www.mcclatchydc.com.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080501-BC-FARMBILL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              309 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Oklahoma Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 520 words


Capitol Abstract to change nameCapitol Abstract, Oklahoma's largest title
company, is changing its name to Chicago Title Oklahoma Co. Even though the firm
has&nbsp;been a part of Chicago Title for 10 years, leaders&nbsp;recently
decided to change the company name to align the brand with the largest title
company in the country.&nbsp;"We have provided title services to Oklahoma for 80
years and we have been in the Chicago Title family for the last 10 years," said
Ken McBride, president of the local firm. "We are proud to be a part of Chicago
Title and believe that it is time that we took the family name." Nothing is
changing within the company but the name. The name change helps clear the
confusion of multiple brand names being used. Chicago Title Oklahoma Co. offers
services in commercial, residential and lending with six Oklahoma City metro
locations.&nbsp;Halliburton lowers injury rateEL RENO -&nbsp;Recordable injuries
at Halliburton's El Reno service facility decreased 31 percent the past year,
thanks in part to a training partnership between the energy company and nearby
Canadian Valley Technology Center. Due to the business relationship, Halliburton
has been named as Canadian Valley&nbsp;Tech's 2016 Partner for Progress.

The award, sponsored by the state Association of Career and Technology
Education, is given annually to a training partner by each of the 29 Career Tech
districts statewide. Halliburton's El Reno facility is the operational hub for
the energy company's Mid-continent operations. The facility employs roughly 400
people. Canadian Valley Tech responded by assisting Halliburton personnel with
customized training, including lock out/tag out training, working safety,
respirator fit testing and by coordinating driver training.Funds offered for
specialty cropsThe Oklahoma Department of Agriculture Food and Forestry
announces the availability of funding to enhance the specialty crop industry
within the state. Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations, local,
state, and federal government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges
and universities. The funding is offered by&nbsp;the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program through the U.S.&nbsp;Department of Agriculture's Agriculture Marketing
Services. &nbsp;Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible:
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, as
well as nursery, floriculture and horticulture crops. Proposals may be for but
not limited to: research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, food safety and
security, education, increased knowledge and consumption, improved efficiency
and reduced costs of distribution systems, conservation, product development,
good agricultural practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing
practices.Grant proposals must be received by the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture Food &amp; Forestry&nbsp;no later than 5 p.m. April 20. Online
resources include a Specialty Crop Grant Program application, grant application
manual, and an evaluation form. Go to www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/scg.htm for
details.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Oklahoma business briefs for March 10

SECTION:

LENGTH: 520 words


Capitol Abstract to change nameCapitol Abstract, Oklahoma's largest title
company, is changing its name to Chicago Title Oklahoma Co. Even though the firm
has&nbsp;been a part of Chicago Title for 10 years, leaders&nbsp;recently
decided to change the company name to align the brand with the largest title
company in the country.&nbsp;"We have provided title services to Oklahoma for 80
years and we have been in the Chicago Title family for the last 10 years," said
Ken McBride, president of the local firm. "We are proud to be a part of Chicago
Title and believe that it is time that we took the family name." Nothing is
changing within the company but the name. The name change helps clear the
confusion of multiple brand names being used. Chicago Title Oklahoma Co. offers
services in commercial, residential and lending with six Oklahoma City metro
locations.&nbsp;Halliburton lowers injury rateEL RENO -&nbsp;Recordable injuries
at Halliburton's El Reno service facility decreased 31 percent the past year,
thanks in part to a training partnership between the energy company and nearby
Canadian Valley Technology Center. Due to the business relationship, Halliburton
has been named as Canadian Valley&nbsp;Tech's 2016 Partner for Progress.

The award, sponsored by the state Association of Career and Technology
Education, is given annually to a training partner by each of the 29 Career Tech
districts statewide. Halliburton's El Reno facility is the operational hub for
the energy company's Mid-continent operations. The facility employs roughly 400
people. Canadian Valley Tech responded by assisting Halliburton personnel with
customized training, including lock out/tag out training, working safety,
respirator fit testing and by coordinating driver training.Funds offered for
specialty cropsThe Oklahoma Department of Agriculture Food and Forestry
announces the availability of funding to enhance the specialty crop industry
within the state. Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations, local,
state, and federal government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges
and universities. The funding is offered by&nbsp;the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program through the U.S.&nbsp;Department of Agriculture's Agriculture Marketing
Services. &nbsp;Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible:
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, as
well as nursery, floriculture and horticulture crops. Proposals may be for but
not limited to: research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, food safety and
security, education, increased knowledge and consumption, improved efficiency
and reduced costs of distribution systems, conservation, product development,
good agricultural practices, good handling practices, and good manufacturing
practices.Grant proposals must be received by the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture Food &amp; Forestry&nbsp;no later than 5 p.m. April 20. Online
resources include a Specialty Crop Grant Program application, grant application
manual, and an evaluation form. Go to www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/scg.htm for
details.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Food expo helps producers with new business tools

BYLINE: Chris Boyd, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words


March 14--The West Virginia Department of Agriculture and WVU Extension Service,
in partnership with the West Virginia Food and Farm Coalition, held a free
"Preparing for Market" workshop Thursday at the Beckley Dream Center.

The free workshop was held to provide food-producers with the tools they need to
engage in more formal business relationships such as selling food to
restaurants, schools or distributors. Attendees learned about pricing and
invoicing and were given invoice templates and tools to help calculate their
optimal price points.

Elizabeth Spellman, executive director for the West Virginia Food and Farm
Coalition, explained the event.

"This is the second in our series of local food expos that we are hosting
throughout the state. We got a Specialty Crop Block Grant through the Department
of Agriculture to host these and our intention is to introduce as many farmers
to as many purchasers throughout the state as possible so that they can do
volume sales and have more marketing opportunities."

Greenbrier Nurseries' Jim Monroe said he is excited about the opportunities that
this program is facilitating.

"Our company is Greenbrier Nurseries and we have a garden center just across the
road, but we also have a garden center in Roanoke (Va.) and then we have a big
production facility down in Summers County, in Talcott. We started back in the
summer we had about 90 greenhouses that we weren't using because the market for
landscaping, since the economy has been down, has been falling. So we started
growing lettuce greens.

"Our big goal this summer is to work with the school systems in what is called
Farm to School. We are adding 4,000 flats of lettuce to our production down in
Talcott. That's like 2 acres of lettuce. We're going to grow enough lettuce so
we can supply all of the school systems."

David Richmond, Raleigh and Summers County West Virginia University Extension
agent, said his job is to look for more producers to meet higher demand.

"I'm the agricultural agent for WVU, I'm working a lot with the local producers
in marketing strategies. My charge is to grow the growers, to develop more
producers because we've got a heck of a market going.

"People are wanting to eat healthier right now. What my agency is charged with
is, if producers have problems or they need technical help on growing products,
then that's where we step in and provide assistance on educational programs on
actually producing the crops."

West Virginia Department of Agriculture Marketing Specialist Cynthia Martel
helps producers with grants and supports them as they take their product to
market.

She said this is part of block grant program provides funding for the portion of
this activity that applies to sales of specialty crops which are essentially
fruits, vegetables, nuts, berries, horticultural products, honey, maple syrup.

"We are working on developing buy/sell relationships through this activity
through the Food and Farm Coalition and it's a way of getting the word out to
our institutional buyers, our restaurateurs, our hospitals, our schools in
addition to local restaurants that are interested in using local as a
cornerstone of their menus."

Beef producer Jennifer Jones, who owns Swift Level Land and Cattle, is involved
with getting the word out about this program.

"I'm a producer but I am also really involved with marketing product in the
state for all farms so I've got a real vested interest in seeing everybody
succeed and seeing West Virginia's people get really good food. I produce
all-grass beef that is traditionally dry-aged on my farm in Greenbrier County
outside of Lewisburg. I have all cuts, I process my meat at a USDA facility, so
we offer about 30 different cuts."

Lewis Payne, producer of Appalachian Farm Heirloom salt said, "We are producers,
we make salt in Malden, West Virginia. We drilled a mine for brine, it's an
all-natural process, we allow the brine to dry in greenhouses so it crystallizes
naturally."

Lewis Rhinehart, owner of the Secret Sandwich Society in Fayetteville, was on
hand to find local items for his restaurant.

"As many locally sourced ingredients as we can find. We use a lot of mixed
greens. We use a lot of leafy spinach and vegetables, Roma tomatoes and eggplant
and fresh herbs."

For more information on this program, visit www.wvhub.org/wvffc.

-- E-mail: cboyd@register-herald.com

___ (c)2014 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140314-WZ-Food-expo-helps-producers-with-new-business-tools-0314-20140314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Register-Herald


                              312 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

State's agriculture industry receives nearly $1 million in federal grants

BYLINE: Amanda Leigh Brozana, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Sept. 25--The state's largest industry -- agriculture -- received nearly $1
million in federal grants to increase visibility, especially of specialty crops.

Agriculture Secretary Russell C. Redding announced last week that 17 projects
received funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Speciality Crop
Block Grant Program authorized under the federal Farm Bill.

Redding said in a statement that specialty crop sales surpass $1 billion each
year, and the grants will assist expanding "the presence of specialty crops in
national and international markets, making these products more accessible to
consumers and more profitable for producers."

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, a member of the House Agriculture Committee, said in
a statement Thursday, "It is imperative that we recognize the vital
contributions of our family farms by ensuring that specialty crop growers
continue to play an important role in the future of American agriculture."

Specialty crops are defined by the USDA as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture."

Holden said, unlike other states, Pennsylvania has "one of the most diverse
agriculture economies in the country" with "a robust portfolio" of commodities
ranging from dairy and poultry to fruits, vegetables and Christmas trees.

"Because of this variety, these grants are important to enhance the
competitiveness of our fruits, vegetables and horticulture and nursery crops by
investing in specialty crop research; developing new and improved seed
varieties; improving pest and disease control; and creating direct marketing
opportunities, like farmers markets, for specialty crop producers," Holden said.

Food safety, marketing, nutrition programs and sustainability were the focus of
the projects which received funding, according to Redding.

"We think with the local movement now, it's important for people to be able to
find apples close to home," said Karin Rodriguez, executive director of the
Pennsylvania Apple Marketing Association, which received $60,000 in grant funds.

Funds from a grant received last year have been used to create a farm market
campaign, Rodriguez said, and the $60,000 received in this round of funding will
finance the campaign next year.

Other grant recipients include Philadelphia public schools, which was awarded
$34,795 for the "Fair Food" program, a nutrition education initiative, and Penn
State University, which received six grants totaling almost $290,000 for
research and training mainly, related to food safety and ways to better protect
crops from disease.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100925-RN-State-s-agriculture-industry-receives-nearly-1-million-in-federal-gr
ants-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                              313 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Noble researcher awarded hoop house grant

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 254  words


ARDMORE - Noble Foundation research horticulturist Charles Rohla received a
two-year, $144,880 specialty crop block grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry to
conduct a research project with mobile hoop houses.

The grant will support Rohla in evaluating the potential benefits of the
moveable hoop houses compared with traditional field production and permanent
hoop house structures.

"This project will benefit specialty crop growers throughout the nation who are
interested in growing both summer and winter crops utilizing protected
structures," Rohla said. "Many producers aren't familiar with moveable hoop
houses, so this study will allow growers to see the benefits of utilizing the
entire growing season of crops. "

The long-term goal of the study is to evaluate the moveable houses and to
educate interested growers on the benefits of using the houses in their cropping
systems.

The project will examine the length of the growing season and total production
of selected vegetables produced in each system. It will provide the data to
determine if these structures allow growers to maximize the growing season of
chosen crops while still allowing growers to establish additional crops that can
benefit from these structures.

This research is part of the Noble Foundation's Center for Pecan and Specialty
Agriculture.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Fifteen projects get 2016 Specialty Crop funding

BYLINE: IDAHO DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, Writer

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


BOISE - Fifteen specialty crop projects across Idaho have been submitted to the
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program for funding approval.

The state of Idaho's estimated allocation is $1,902,565 for these projects that
improve specialty crops throughout the state.

Specialty crops are defined to include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Eligible
projects are required to benefit more than one organization and solely enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Many projects focus on increasing crop
sustainability, disease control, as well as marketing and promotion.

Eighteen grant applications were submitted to the Idaho Department of
Agriculture at a total request of just over $2.3 million. A panel of industry
representatives with experience in agriculture, business management, and/or
science reviewed and scored all applications, providing input to the state
Agriculture Department for the final selection. Fifteen projects were selected
for funding, including research, promotional and educational activities for
commodities such as potato, apple, onion, wine grape and nursery crops.

"This has been another great year of receiving high quality specialty crop grant
projects." commented Agriculture Director Celia Gould. "During the past eight
years of the program, over $9 million dollars of Federal funding has been
awarded and directly injected into Idaho's specialty crop industry."

The department's State Plan included 15 projects, selected for funding, and was
submitted to the USDA the first week of July. Final approval is expected from
the USDA by the end of September, with funding expected to be available sometime
in October or November.

For more information, contact Eric Boyington at eric.boyington@ISDA.Idaho.gov,
332-8537 or 332-8500.

The list of project applicants, project titles and funds requested includes:

· American Pulse Association, Increasing Consumer Knowledge and Awareness of
Pulse Crops through Education Programming, $132,900.

· Boise State University, Challenges and opportunities for expansion of the wine
grape production industry in Idaho, $75,638.

· Idaho Apple Commission, Increasing Sales, Creating Demand, and Building
Relationships for Idaho Apples with Idaho Retailers, $86,112.

· Idaho-E. Oregon Onion Committee, Filling Knowledge Gaps in order to Develop
Robust Disease Management Strategies for Fusarium Proliferatum in Onions,
$124,664\.

· Idaho-E. Oregon Onion Committee, Increasing Sales, Creating Demand, and
Developing Market Share in International Market, $61,000.

· Idaho Nursery & Landscape Association, Domestication, Propagation and
Commercialization of New-generation Native Plant Products for the Idaho Nursery
Industry, $99,284.

· Idaho Potato Commission, International Business Development for Idaho Potatoes
- Risk Mitigation During Transit, $93,684.

· Idaho Potato Commission, Identify Pale Cyst Nematode (PCN) effectors to
develop PCN resistance in potato, $109,316.

Idaho Preferred, Marketing Idaho Specialty Crops through Idaho Preferred
Advertising, Social Media, Public Relations and Retail Promotions, $222,000.

· Idaho Wine Commission, Raising Awareness and Promoting Idaho's Wine Quality,
$90,824.20.

· Idaho Wine Commission, Advancing Idaho's Vineyard Quality and Production,
$27,232.

· Northwest Nazarene University, Fruit Count App: A Fruit Crop Yield Estimation
System for Specialty Crop Growers in Idaho, $90,436.80.

· University of Idaho, Optimizing Harvest Date and Storage Life to Maximize
Yield and Quality of Nectarines and Peaches, $161,609.

· University of Idaho, Mitigation of Effects of the Tuber Necrotic Strains of
Potato Virus Y on Idaho Potato, $202,417.58.

· USDA-ARS, Commercial Vineyard Testing of Sensor-based Water Stress Index for
Precision Irrigation of Wine Grape, $112,516.68.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Exploit new ag markets

BYLINE: St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 397 words


Feb. 17--The definition of agriculture varies widely in places like Texas, Maine
and Missouri and is influenced greatly by things outside the control of farmers.

But the message this morning is about opportunities rather than limitations.

While farmers and their ag industry supporters may not be able to dictate the
weather or soil conditions, they do possess talents and wits that make them
uniquely qualified to exploit emerging agricultural markets.

This comes to mind as the Missouri Department of Agriculture seeks proposals for
funding through the USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. From now through
mid March, the agency welcomes concept papers whether they originate with
research institutions, community organizations or individuals.

The USDA -- the federal Department of Agriculture -- considers specialty crops
to be fruits and vegetables, dried fruit, tree nuts, honey, horticulture and
nursery crops. Somewhere in that broad description is an opportunity to be
identified and exploited by capable farmers, researchers and agribusiness
interests in our midst.

The department states its goal is to expand local, regional and international
markets and distribution channels for specialty crops, plus boost education,
marketing and infrastructure development. See the guidelines for full details.

Some examples of the 2014 awards in Missouri:

Kansas City Community Gardens, $29,600, to increase fruit and vegetable
production for Kansas City low-income urban gardeners through support of a
community garden concept; Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture, $8,650, to
educate new farmers about specialty crops through a hands-on, skill-based series
of internships; and University of Missouri, Grape and Wine Institute, $33,811,
to assist grape growers in making decisions to increase fruit quality by
expanding basic analytical testing.

More information is available on the department's website,
www.agriculture.mo.gov. Concept papers are due no later than March 16. Selected
applicants will be invited to submit detailed grant proposals in April.

If your passion is to expand the success of agriculture in our region,
particularly through specialty crops, this program is worth investigating.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150217-JM-EDITORIAL-Exploit-new-ag-markets-0217-20150217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                              316 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 31, 2010 Friday

USA: WSDA announces availability of $3 million in specialty crop grants

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


OLYMPIA, Dec. 31 -- The State Of Washington has issued following press release:

The Washington State Department of Agriculture (WSDA) announced today that
federal grants will be available to enhance the state's fruit, vegetable and
nursery industry. The U.S. Department of Agriculture will be providing more than
$3 million to Washington through its Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP),
authorized by the federal 2008 Farm Bill.

Private and non-profit organizations, commodity commissions and other public
entities may request funds for projects of $75,000 to $250,000 that benefit the
competitiveness of fruit, vegetable, nursery and turfgrass producers. In
addition, WSDA will set-aside a portion of funds for small projects of $10,000
to $74,999. All projects must be completed within three years.

The first step in applying for grant funding is to submit a brief pre-proposal
to WSDA. The submittal should be e-mailed to Rianne Perry, WSDA grant
coordinator, at specialtycrop@agr.wa.gov

The pre-proposals will be reviewed by WSDA and specialty crop industry
stakeholders. Successful applicants will be asked to submit full proposals for
further review. Application information and forms are available on WSDA's
website at http://agr.wa.gov/grants/. For more information on the program, lists
of eligible products and the federal requirements, go to the USDA's Agricultural
Marketing Service at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp or contact WSDA's Rianne Perry at
(360) 902-2177.

Based on recent feedback from Washington's specialty crop industries, WSDA is
seeking projects that focus on controlling pests and diseases, improving food
safety, promoting international trade, protecting key resources, enhanced
in-state trade, and reduced regulatory barriers. Projects that benefit
Washington's specialty crop producers in other ways are also encouraged. Each
project must demonstrate measurable benefits for the specialty crop industry and
must not assist just a single producer or company. Projects that benefit
Washington in addition to other states are encouraged, as are projects that
benefit new farmers or socially disadvantaged farmers. Matching funds are not
required but are strongly encouraged.

Washington is the third leading producer of specialty crops in the nation, which
includes being the number one grower of apples, cherries, raspberries, hops,
spearmint and many other commodities. This past September, WSDA announced the
distribution of $3.4 million to fund 27 projects that will benefit the state's
diverse specialty crop industry. The list may be viewed at
http://agr.wa.gov/grants/docs/2010AwardAbstracts.pdf.

Timeline for WSDA's 2011 grant competition includes:

* Pre-Proposals are due to WSDA by 4 p.m. Jan. 31, 2011.

* WSDA will review pre-proposals and invite full proposals by March 21.

* Complete grant proposals are due to WSDA on April 22.

* WSDA will select and submit the winning proposals to USDA by July 29.

* USDA will announce their awards in late September and WSDA grant agreements
will be issued by November 2011.

* WSDA will offer unsuccessful applicants the opportunity to request feedback on
their proposals.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday

Agriculture Briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 498 words


Tillage seminar set in Delaware County MANCHESTER, Iowa - The Delaware Soil and
Water Conservation District and the Delaware County Iowa State University
Extension will host a tillage seminar at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, Feb. 24, at the
Community Center on the Delaware County Fairgrounds. The seminar, entitled
"No-Till from a Farmer's Perspective," will highlight no-till and strip-till
conservation systems.

For more information, call 563-927-4590 or 563-927-4201. Dairy Beef Feeding
scheduled in Oelwein OELWEIN, Iowa - Dairy beef feedlot operators and
agricultural professionals are invited to attend the Dairy Beef Feeding meeting
from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Thursday, Feb. 26, at Two Brothers Restaurant in
Oelwein. Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. the day of the event. Registration
costs $40. For more information, call 641-394-2174. Gardening workshop slated in
Mount Carroll MOUNT CARROLL, Ill. - The University of Illinois Extension Master
Gardeners of Carroll County are presenting their annual Gardening Workshop from
9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday, March 7, at the Mount Carroll Church of God.
Topics include landscaping with edibles, container makeovers, the versatile
herb, local bounty and new plant varieties. For more information, call
815-244-9444. Groups may apply for program grants DES MOINES - Iowa Secretary of
Agriculture Bill Northey is encouraging eligible groups to apply for grants
through the Iowa Specialty Crops Block Grant Program, which is designed to
support the competitiveness of specialty crops in Iowa. Proposals are being
accepted through Feb. 26. Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, dried
fruit, Christmas trees, honey, tree nuts and nursery crops, including flowers.
The Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship is re-granting $40,000
to groups focused on enhancing the competitiveness of specialty crops.
Organizations may submit only one proposal and each proposal chosen will be
eligible for up to $4,000. Individuals are not eligible to receive the grant.
For more information, call 515-281-7657. Seed available at local FFA chapters
Area farmers can purchase seed directly from their local FFA chapters. Harry
Stine, of Stine Seeds in Adel, Iowa, donated eight Stine hybrid seed versions to
Iowa FFA chapters, ranging in maturity from 92- to 112-day. All of the proceeds
benefit the FFA. Farmers interested in purchasing seed should contact their
local FFA chapter or call Dianne Fuller, project coordinator at 641-895-0750.
Dairy project meeting planned in Manchester MANCHESTER, Iowa - FFA Dairy Project
members and 4-H members are invited to a dairy project meeting at the extension
office in Manchester at 8 p.m., Monday, Feb. 23. The meeting focuses on dairy
record keeping, and members should bring record books from past years. Members
also are encouraged to think of program topics for upcoming spring project
meetings. Project leader David Kunde will outline dairy opportunities for the
new year. Pizza will be served.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 814 DOCUMENTS



              McKenzie River Reflections (McKenzie Bridge, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 11, 2012

Farm to plant truffles with help from specialty crop block grant

BYLINE: McKenzie River Reflections staff

LENGTH: 445  words


CAMP CREEK: A agricultural commodity, with the potential to rival the current
value of Oregon's lucrative wine industry could soon take root locally. This
year, the Oregon Department of Agriculture has awarded $1.49 million in federal
funds to 22 diverse projects, including establishing a demonstration three-acre
truffle orchard at the Berggren Demonstration Farm.

Just like French wine grapes, Oregon has the climactic conditions required for
truffle production. The state is one of just three places in the world with its
own native truffles and has a six-decade legacy of truffle research, giving us a
strong competitive advantage in developing a reputation as the 'truffle capital'
of North America.

Annual truffle commerce is expected to exceed $6 billion within the next two
decades, rivaling many other agricultural commodities traded worldwide. It's
anticipated cultivated and native truffles produced in Oregon could annually
exceed $200 million in direct sales income.

"A majority of Oregon's agricultural production comes from specialty crops, so
this is truly an important federal program that has a direct, positive impact on
our growers," says ODA Director Katy Coba. "The program is a reminder of the
need for Congress to pass the new Farm Bill so that Oregon and other states can
count on future projects that keep our specialty crops competitive."

"By investing in projects that stimulate growth and development for specialty
crop growers of all sizes, we're helping American farmers establish a
marketplace for new businesses opportunities in each region of the country,"
says US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These investments will support local
and regional markets, and improve access to healthy food for millions of
children and supply thousands of farmers markets, restaurants and other
businesses with fresh, high-quality fruits and vegetables. The grants also help
growers solve technology needs or make better informed decisions on
profitability and sustainability, leading to stronger rural American communities
and businesses." Cascade Pacific Resource Conservation & Development received
the ODA grant. It will fund the demonstration orchard and farmer training
opportunities at the Berggren Demonstration Farm, a 92-acre piece of property on
the lower McKenzie River near Walterville that encompasses approximately 30
acres of farmland and 50 acres of riparian zones. The McKenzie River Trust is
the land owner, while EWEB is responsible for the funding, planning, oversight
and programming of the agricultural area and associated activities. Cascade
Pacific Resource Conservation and Development is the fiscal agent for farm
operations.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 McKenzie River Reflections


                              319 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Noble Foundation: Moveable Hoop Houses Provide Flexbility, Versatility

LENGTH: 430  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Hoop houses (high tunnels) have long been used by agricultural producers to
extend the growing season and to establish crops earlier as compared to crops
grown in the field. A growing trend in the horticulture industry is the idea of
a moveable hoop house that would provide more flexibility and versatility, and
allow a grower to establish multiple crops within a year.





 Noble Foundation research horticulturist Charles Rohla, Ph.D., received a
two-year, $144,880 specialty crop block grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry to
conduct a research project with mobile hoop houses. The grant will support Rohla
in evaluating the potential benefits of the moveable hoop houses compared to
traditional field production and permanent hoop house structures.



 "This project will benefit specialty crop growers throughout the nation who are
interested in growing both summer and winter crops utilizing protected
structures," Rohla said. "Many producers aren't familiar with moveable hoop
houses, so this study will allow growers to see the benefits of utilizing the
entire growing season of crops."



 The long-term goal of the study is to evaluate the moveable houses and to
educate interested growers on the benefits of using the houses in their cropping
systems. The project will examine the length of the growing season and total
production of selected vegetables produced in each system. It will provide the
data to determine if these structures allow growers to maximize the growing
season of chosen crops while still allowing growers to establish additional
crops that can benefit from these structures.



 This research is part of the Noble Foundation's Center for Pecan and Specialty
Agriculture (CPSA). The CPSA conducts research and demonstrations that will
enhance production as well as educate producers and the community on
opportunities in specialty agriculture. Beginning in 2017, field days will be
conducted during the growing season to inform and educate producers about the
technology being used.



 "Interest in specialty agriculture continues to rise as the population
increases, agricultural land availability decreases and consumers become more
interested in food production," Rohla said. "This growing trend has created the
opportunity for the Noble Foundation to further examine this critical area of
agriculture."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 15, 2012 Monday

El Dorado Winery Association gets Specialty Crop Block Grant from CDFA

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Wine

LENGTH: 156 words



HIGHLIGHT: El Dorado Winery Association (EDWA), a California-based 35-member
winery association, has received a Specialty Crop Block Grant of $179,000 from
the California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA) to give a strong
marketing push for its region's wines during the next three years.


Initiated in May 2012, EDWA's marketing campaign 'Taste At A Higher Level' was
started to focus on increasing awareness for growing California American
Viticulture Area (AVA) and expand brand recognition within the Lake Tahoe,
Sacramento and San Francisco Bay Area metro markets.

The grant will allow EDWA to create new marketing data, new technology to
enhance its website, annual communications plan to build awareness, enhanced
social media platform, familiarization tours for media and wine buyers, opening
up new target markets and leveraging partnerships with tourism partners,
reported Wine Business.com.

EDWA public relations and marketing committee chair and Mt Aukum Winery owner
Terrie Prod'hon told the website that their association is growing and they are
seeing how popular their wines are becoming.

"The grant will help us build a complete, coordinated effort to get the word out
about El Dorado Wine County," Prod'hon added.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2011 Friday

Ag department offers grants for specialty crops

BYLINE: Karen Hollish, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 707 words


July 08--ST. THOMAS -- Charles Barry's farm in Dorothea buzzes with thousands of
bees, many of which he rescued from homeowners who wanted nothing to do with the
insects or their hives.

They since have pollinated countless plants and provided extra income for Barry,
a U.S. Postal Service retiree who entered the V.I. Agriculture Department's
beekeeper-training program several years ago. Barry hopes his little charges
soon will do even more work for him, as he plans to plant an orchard of guava
trees for them to pollinate.

"Right now, I can only sell honey," said Barry, who hopes that the guava fruits
will provide another steady income stream.

He may be able to find help reaching his goal, as V.I. Agriculture Commissioner
Louis Petersen Jr. is offering specialty crop grants through the Virgin Fresh
Orchard and Fruit Plot Planting Project. Individual producers can request up to
$3,000, and organizations can ask for $5,000, for cultivating specialty crops.
While certain vegetables, flowers and other plants are considered specialty
crops, preference will be given to applicants who want to establish orchards for
banana, pineapple, papaya, mango, avocado or other citrus trees. Participants
must be able to match their grant award with an equal amount of cash, or a
combination of cash and in-kind contributions, such as labor or materials.

The grants will come from what remains of a $163,000 U.S. Department of
Agriculture Specialty Crop Block Grant that the department received in 2009,
Petersen said. The department already has put part of that money toward 400
fruit trees and 2,000 pineapple plants established on farms across the
territory. An additional 2,000 pineapple plants recently were put into the
ground using other funds, he said.

Initiatives such as this newest grant opportunity are part of Petersen's plan to
increase sustainable agriculture throughout the territory. Sustainable food
production, he said, happens on farms that take care of the environment, have
positive economic impacts and treat their workers and consumers well.

Making and preserving more food right here -- instead of importing it from-off
island producers -- also should improve the territory's food security, Petersen
said. Having food security means the territory's people will be nourished even
if a citrus freeze strikes Florida farmers, or if a natural disaster prevents
container ships from entering our harbors, he said.

The department made sure to get the Virgin Fresh Beekeeping Project rolling
before offering the new orchard grants, Petersen said. Across the territory,
more than 100 budding beekeepers already have received education, equipment and
marketing help through the program.

"Think about the synergy," Petersen said. "The more fruit-bearing trees we have,
the more pollinators we need."

On Wednesday, Petersen sat in his St. Thomas office in Dorothea, surrounded by
his colorful collection of miniature farm equipment. As he put the finishing
touches on his press release about this latest grant program, Peterson picked up
the phone and reached out to farmers he thought might be up to the challenge of
cultivating a specialty crop.

One of them was Barry, who Petersen called a "shining star" of the beekeeping
project.

"I know what I'm looking for," Petersen said. "I don't want sloppiness; I want
seriousness."

The deadline to apply for one of the grants is July 15. Applicants can learn
more at the department's website, www.vifresh.com. The request for grant
proposals can be found by clicking on "forms and documents," scrolling down to
the "marketing" header and selecting the third item on the list.

For more information or help with the application process, call Assistant
Commissioner Luther Renee at 778-0997 ext. 222 or send an email to
luther.renee@doa.vi.gov

- Contact reporter Karen Hollish at 774-8772 ext. 304 or email
khollish@dailynews.vi

To see more of The Virgin Islands Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virgin
Islands Daily News, St. Thomas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110708-1VI-Ag-department-offers-grants-for-specialty-crops
-0708-20110708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              322 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Missouri: Grants Awarded to Grow Demand for Missouri Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1008  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Missouri has issued the following press
release:

The Missouri Department of Agriculture announced today that 14 organizations
across Missouri will receive grants given by the USDA's Specialty Crop Block
Grant program to strengthen the market for Missouri grown crops and produce.
More than $450,000 in federal funding will be used to educate consumers and
producers about Missouri specialty crops as well as to research methods to
improve nut, berry, grape, native fruit, vegetable, beekeeping and honey
production, food safety, youth education and plant protection throughout the
state.

The following organizations were awarded grant funding for 2014:

o Columbia Farmers Market - to implement a youth education program promoting and
teaching the benefits of specialty crops improving the healthy habits of
children, raise consumer awareness and improve knowledge of specialty crops
through offering a series of education programs and promote the market as a
routine and reliable source of specialty crops effectively increasing  sales -
$12,993

o EarthDance Organic Farm School - to increase consumer interest  and organic
fruit production in Missouri by demonstrating the market potential of pawpaw
(native) fruit and providing growers with education about commercial scale
organic fruit production - $7,452

o Kansas City Community Gardens - to assist low-income families and community
groups in the Kansas City area with growing fresh fruits, vegetables and
culinary herbs and improve community access to healthy food - $27,200

o Lincoln University - two grants
(1) To increase awareness about wild leeks and other native edible plants with
potential as specialty crops, develop protocols to grow wild leeks and wild
greens as crops in Missouri based on existing research and develop value-added
products using wild leeks, examine nutrient content and outreach and education
for promoting production and consumption - $28,065

(2) To enhance the small and large scale production of many specialty crops by
improving current monitoring systems for the Spotted Wing Drosophila (SWD)
recently introduced as a new species of fruit fly in the US.  The SWD has a wide
host-range but is primarily a pest of berry crops, (brambles, blueberries,
elderberries and grapes) and some stone fruits (cherry, nectarine and peach).
Results from this project will aid in the development of behaviorally-based
Integrated Pest Management approaches such as mass trapping that may lead to
effective SWD control with reduced insecticide sprays - $33,102

o Missouri Department of Agriculture - two grants
(1) To start a certification cost-share program in Missouri and increase the
number of operations with GHP and GAP Certification, improve overall food safety
and increase overall Missouri produce grown, handled and processed by owned and
located operations and increase the total amount of produce specialty crops -
$44,135

(2) To establish a 2-year insecticide cost-share program for Missouri small
fruit growers, support their efforts to protect susceptible fruits from Spotted
Wing Drosophila while they gain confidence in adding new practices and adjust to
new insecticide input costs.  The program will reimburse the purchase price of
insecticides to participants at 50% up to $750 per grower, depending on the
acres treated (non-bearing crop acreage would not be included) - $62,034

o Missouri River Communities Network (MRCN) - to increase the number of
specialty crop producers in the 19 counties in the Missouri River Valley, gather
information from MRCN producers about their growing practices, future plans and
willingness to collaborate with other producers on marketing activities, raise
awareness of MRCN consumers where to purchase locally grown specialty crops and
increase the number of local specialty crop producers and consumers - $28,638

o Missouri State University - two grants
(1) To record the grade of resistance against powdery mildew and downy mildew
and conduct an assessment of the seven new grape varieties with the parents
"Norton" and "Cabernet Sauvignon" for their viticultural characteristics in 2015
and 2016 - $14,000

(2) To develop a Norton and Cabernet Sauvignon linkage map using genetic
markers, conduct segregation analysis of the population for rooting ability and
identify genetic markers associated with the rooting for future marker-assisted
selection - $29,988

o Missouri Vegetable Growers Association - to focus on educating people new to
beekeeping by increasing knowledge of integrated pest management practices in
beekeeping of at least 100 individuals through six advanced beekeeping
workshops, increase the number of managed beehives in Missouri through beginning
and advanced beekeeping workshops and the Great Plains Growers Conference -
$32,276

o University of Missouri - two grants
(1) To provide new information to elderberry producers, Extension personnel and
researchers on quantifiable juice characteristics and identify and compare the
flavor descriptors of the juice of six different elderberry cultivars using
descriptive sensory analysis  - $18,192

(2) To examine innovative strategies used in other developing wine regions
including wine trail and appellation development in 3 areas with developing wine
industries to advance the collective marketing options used by Missouri
wineries.  Describe processes used by growers to develop collective
entrepreneurial strategies, participation by state government, consultants and
other parties.  Define the successful strategies for regional/local industry
development, identity based reputations of successful wine trails and
specifications used to define the wine styles and production practices adopted
in new appellations - $53,128

o Webb City Farmers Market - to address the need for increased production of
fruits and vegetables in both fresh and value-added form for winter markets in
southwest Missouri - $30,069


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday

Domenici: Senate Farm Bill restores peanut program

BYLINE: Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 603 words


WASHINGTON -- U.S. Senator Pete Domenici has reported successful Senate action
to restore a peanut storage and handling payment program that is important to
New Mexico farmers, but said the 2007 Farm Bill, passed by a key committee,
poses continued problems to the state's dairy industry.Domenici provided an
initial assessment of the 2007 Farm Bill that was approved Thursday by the
Senate Agriculture and Nutrition Committee. The five-year $280 billion measure
is now ready for consideration by the full Senate -- possibly as early as this
week."I am pleased we finally have progress on a new Farm Bill. I'm concerned
about the overall cost of the committee bill, but it gives us something to
improve," Domenici said. "While peanut and specialty crop provisions are good
for New Mexico agriculture, the dairy provisions continue a program that is
blatantly unfair to our dairy producers."Following a July recommendation from
Domenici, the committee bill continues all peanut provisions, including storage
and handling payments that allow New Mexico's peanut industry to increase its
productivity and competitiveness. Congress failed to extend the program earlier
this year. The loss of the program could cost peanut growers up to an additional
$50 to $60 per ton, which represents at least $74 million to peanut
producers."The peanut provisions should allow New Mexico peanut growers to
remain viable, and I will work to ensure the Senate bill retains this program,"
Domenici said.Domenici noted that the committee-passed bill also adds support
for specialty crop production, which will benefit such crops as chile, pecans,
pistachios, and fruits and vegetables in New Mexico. The committee bill
authorizes $365 million in mandatory funding for USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants, $80 million for specialty crop research, and $24 million to address
export barriers for U.S. specialty crops."This new bill moves to address the
benefits that diverse specialty crops bring to the agriculture industry, and
toward the promotion of sounder nutrition for children and the general public,"
Domenici said. To promote child health and nutrition, the Senate's Farm Bill
expands the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program to every state in the country and
targets benefits to low-income children.Domenici expressed deep disappointment
with dairy provisions in the bill that will extend and broaden the Milk Income
Loss Contract program (MILC). Domenici has been a consistent opponent of the
MILC program which is unfair to New Mexico dairy producers."Our producers are
penalized with MILC, having to pay into a program that basically benefits less
productive and efficient dairy operations in other states. I am very
disappointed this program will remain on the books," Domenici said.The
committee-passed bill extends MILC through the life of the 2007 Farm Bill, and
beginning in October 2009 increases the payment rate from 34 percent to 45
percent. The bill also increases the quantity of milk that is eligible to
receive MILC payments from 2.4 million pounds to 4.15 million pounds.Domenici
said the committee action ignores a U.S. Department of Agriculture report
showing that the MILC program has actually reduced the price paid to farmers for
milk and is at odds with the Dairy Price Support Program. Domenici also noted
the following miscellaneous provisions within the committee-passed 2007 Farm
Bill that should benefit New Mexico:n Provides lower interest rates to rural
electric cooperatives for renewable electric energy production.n Applies
mandatory funding to pending applications for rural water and wastewater
assistance.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 6, 2012 Saturday

Grant goes to Garrett for culinary event, guide

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Oct. 06--OAKLAND -- The Garrett County Department of Economic Development
received more than $20,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, which was authorized in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The $20,120 grant will be used to increase public awareness of the culinary
heritage of the area, to develop a local foods guide and to host a culinary
heritage event similar to the Cast Iron Cook-Off at the Greenbrier in White
Sulphur Springs, W.Va., according to Cheryl DeBerry, natural resources business
specialist.

"I'm very excited to highlight the crops that grow very well in Garrett County.
We have a high quality of crops and plenty to harvest," said DeBerry. "We have a
wonderful berry produce that has been here for generations. There are a few
benefits to living in the mountains."

The grant must be used on noncommodity  foods and can't be spent on wild foods
like ramps, DeBerry said during a county commission meeting on Tuesday.
Specialty crops are defined as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, according to a news release from the USDA.

Nicole Christian, president and CEO of the Garrett County Chamber of Commerce,
indicated that there may be Heritage Area money available to help support the
local foods guide.

During the commission meeting, DeBerry said that she hoped the grant would help
local farmers, increase farm sales and get people interested in farming.

"There was a study out last year that said Appalachia was the most diverse
foodshed in the whole U.S.," said DeBerry during the commission meeting. "There
are over 15,000 indigenous plants that include edible fruits and vegetables. I
think we need to celebrate that."

This is the first time that the Department of Economic Development has gotten
this grant, said DeBerry, who noted she requested $22,500 when applying for the
grant.  The Maryland Department of Agriculture announced that $354,466 in grants
were funded in the state.

This will likely be the last of the Specialty Crop grant program, pending the
U.S. Congress passage of a new Farm Bill, according to a news release.

"The 2008 Farm Bill provided significant grant funding dedicated to specialty
crops to become available," said Agriculture Secretary Buddy Hance. "These funds
are a great opportunity to help farmers and value-added producers advance and
promote local specialty crops in the marketplace, spark new markets, job
creation and help keep Maryland smart, green and growing."

Of the USDA's $101 million in Specialty Crop grants, approximately $55 million
will be invested in 56 specialty grants to states that fund 748 initiatives
across the country to strengthen markets and expand economic opportunities for
local and regional producers, according to the news release.

An additional $46 million will go to support new and continuing research and
extension activities to address challenges and opportunities for growers and
businesses that rely on a sustainable, profitable specialty crops industry.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121006-UM-Grant-goes-to-Garrett-for-culinary-event-guide-1006-20121006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                              325 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2015

Research grant applications due June 4

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 236  words


About $326,000 in federal funding is now available for projects to help produce,
market or access Delaware-grown fruit, vegetables and certain other crops.

The Delaware Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through June 4.

The program, funded through the federal farm bill, covers products known as
specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture.

Projects may run for one to three years, with funding available between $5,000
and $50,000 per project.

Applications must be submitted by agricultural producers, nonprofit
organizations, government entities, for-profit companies or educational"
institutions based in Delaware or with a business or educational affiliation
here. Funding cannot be used for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or
animal agriculture.

Past Delaware projects have included research on heat-tolerant lima bean
varieties, work to improve sales of local produce in Wilmington, expanding a
community-supported agriculture program, research on blueberry varieties, and
advertising to promote locally run farm stands.

Applications are available at de.gov/scbg, or from DDA marketing specialist
JoAnn Walston at 302-698-4592 or joann. walston@state.de.us

Applications must be received by 4:30 p.m. June 4. A review team will rank
applications for a final decision.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                              326 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $97 Million Available to Expand Access to Healthy Food,
Support Rural Economies

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WICHITA, Kan., March 16, 2015 - In a speech at the National Farmers Union
Convention today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability
of $96.8 million in grants to fund innovative projects designed to support
specialty crop producers, local food entrepreneurs, and farm to school efforts,
which in turn will increase access to healthy, nutritious food for American
families and children. The announcement is part of USDA efforts during National
Nutrition Month to focus on improving access to fresh, healthy, and nutritious
products for millions of Americans.

"Increasing market opportunities for local food producers is a sound investment
in America's rural economies, while also increasing access to healthy food for
our nation's families," Vilsack said. "Consumer demand for local, healthy food
is skyrocketing in schools, hospitals and wholesalers. These grant opportunities
allow farmers and ranchers to meet this demand, and feed our nation's kids."

Secretary Vilsack also announced changes in the Noninsured Crop Disaster
Assistance Program (NAP) to help increase access to the program for beginning,
limited-resource and other producers who do not have risk protection available
through crop insurance products. Many of these producers grow fruits, vegetables
and other specialty crops.

"With these changes, more farmers can enter the specialty crop marketplace with
peace of mind that they have risk protection should disaster strike," said
Vilsack.

The grant programs administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program which covers two types of grants: the Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). Also included in the
announcement is the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School Grant
Program, designed to bring local foods into the school cafeteria. USDA's Farm
Service Agency implements the NAP program, which has been expanded to better
protect specialty crop and other eligible producers from losses due to natural
disasters.

"American farmers and ranchers feed the nation. These grant programs provide
vital support to specialty crop producers, whose fruits and vegetables fill over
half of the MyPlate recommendations," said Agricultural Marketing Service
Administrator Anne Alonzo. "They also support local and regional food systems
that are meeting consumer demand and creating economic opportunities in rural
and urban communities around the country."

Over $63.2 million in SCBGP grants are allocated to U.S. States and territories
based on a formula that considers both specialty crop acreage and production
value. Interested applicants should apply directly through their State
department of agriculture. A listing of state contacts and application due dates
can be found at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

The FSMIP provides $1 million in matching funds to State departments of
agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other appropriate state
agencies. Funds will support research projects that address challenges and
opportunities in marketing, transporting, and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total of
$26.6 million divided equally between its two grant programs. The FMPP provides
$13.3 million to support projects for direct farmer-to-consumer marketing
projects such as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs,
roadside stands, and agritourism. The LFPP offers $13.3 million in funds for
projects that support intermediary supply chain activities for businesses that
process, distribute, aggregate, and store locally- or regionally-produced food
products.

Grant applications for FSMIP, FMPP and LFPP must be submitted electronically
through www.Grants.gov by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 14, 2015. Applicants
should start the Grants.gov registration process as soon as possible to ensure
that they meet the deadline.

AMS will host a webinar on March 25, 2015, to introduce FMPP and LFPP to
potential applicants and a teleconference about FSMIP on March 31, 2015. For
more information about SCBGP, FSMIP, FMPP, and LFPP, including program
background and webinar information, visit the AMS grants website:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSgrants.

With $6 million in funding available, four different types of USDA Farm to
School grants are available. Planning grants help schools get started, while
implementation grants enable schools to expand existing programs. Support
service grants allow community partners such as non-profit entities, Indian
tribal nations, state and local agencies, and agriculture producers to provide
broad reaching support to schools in their efforts to bring local products into
the cafeteria. Training grants are used to disseminate best practices and spread
strategies known to succeed. Proposals for planning, implementation, and support
service grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, May 20, 2015. Letters of
intent for training grants are due by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, April 30, 2015.

More information about the Farm to School grant program, upcoming webinars
relevant to applicants, and sample grant applications can be found at:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/farm-school-grant-program.

These programs are key elements of the USDA's Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer
initiative which coordinates the Department's support for local and regional
food systems. The Secretary has identified local and regional food systems as
one of the four pillars of rural economic development.

A recent USDA Economic Research Service (ERS) report indicates that more than
160,000 farmers and ranchers nationwide are tapping into growing consumer demand
by selling their products locally. This segment of agriculture is a vibrant
growth area that is drawing young people back to rural communities, generating
jobs and improving quality of life in rural communities.
    In FY13-14, USDA made over 500 infrastructure investments that create new
markets for local food- including food hubs, scale-appropriate processing, and
distribution networks - that are connecting farmers and ranchers with new
sources of revenue and creating jobs.
    Since the program began in 2012, USDA's Farm to School program has funded
221 projects in 49 states, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands.
According to the USDA's Farm to School Census, schools spent over $385 million
on local food purchases during the 2011-2012 school year.
    USDA has expanded access to healthy foods in underserved communities by
making EBT available at farmers markets. Over 5,000 farmers markets now accept
EBT, and SNAP redemption at farmers markets nationwide rose from $4 million in
2009 to over $18 million in 2014.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Capps Highlights Central Coast Priorities Contained in House Farm Bill

LENGTH: 769  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Lois Capps, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today Congresswoman Lois Capps (CA-24) highlighted key priorities for Central
Coast farmers she worked to include in the Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk
Management (FARRM) Act (H.R. 1947), which is under consideration on the House
floor this week.

Agriculture is an important part of our local economy and daily lives on the
Central Coast, and I have been working to ensure our local priorities are
included in the Farm Bill.  In particular, I'm pleased the FARRM Act includes
several key provisions that I championed, including a strengthened enforcement
structure for organic farming, and increased support for specialty crops,
agricultural research, and pest detection. These programs support local farmers,
promote jobs and economic growth, and help farmers take advantage of the latest
farming technologies and techniques," said Capps.

Throughout the process, Rep. Capps has been working closely with local
agriculture stakeholders to advocate for the programs and provisions that
Central Coast farmers depend on. Anticipating that the Farm Bill would be
reauthorized by the House, last year Capps held Farm Bill listening sessions to
discuss local priorities with Central Coast farmers and ranchers, as well as
other key stakeholders in San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties. Many of
these priorities were subsequently included in two letters Capps sent with other
members of the California delegation to the House Agriculture Committee and are
now included in the FARRM bill, such as:

$600 million over 10 years for the Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI) to
encourage the development of new technologies and improved efficiencies in the
production of specialty crops;
    $375 million for the Specialty Crop Block Grants Program over the life of
the 2013 Farm Bill to strengthen the market for the specialty crops we grow on
the Central Coast like fruits, vegetables, and nuts;
    $630 million over 10 years to prevent the introduction and spread of plant
pests and diseases;
    $200 million for the Market Access Program, which helps develop, expand, and
maintain foreign markets for agricultural products, including strawberries and
wine;
    Reauthorization of the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI),
which supports research partnerships like Cal Poly's Agricultural Research
Initiative and the University of California Cooperative Extension Service that
bring the latest agriculture science from the laboratory into the fields;

The FARRM Act also includes provisions based on bipartisan legislation Capps
authored, the Organic Standards Protection Act, to ensure that products bearing
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) organic seal comply with the Organic
Foods Production Act of 1990. Her legislation, written with Rep. Richard Hanna
(R-NY), would protect the growing organic farming industry and its expanding
consumer base by granting the USDA's National Organic Program (NOP) the
legislative authority it needs to more effectively protect the integrity of
certified organic products.

While Capps supports these critical provisions in the bill, she also expressed
her serious concerns with the $20.5 billion in cuts to the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) included in the FARRM Act. These cuts would
force nearly two million low-income Americans to go hungry, including one
million children. The school lunch program would also be affected, with an
estimated 210,000 low-income children losing benefits. Those most affected will
be low income working families and senior citizens. Research has found that the
economy grows by $1.73 for every $1.00 invested in the SNAP.

While I support these important local priorities, I strongly oppose the major
cuts to SNAP--our nation's investment in keeping our children and families fed
during tough times--that were included in the FARRM Act and will be working to
stop them," Capps said. "1 in 6 Americans are food insecure, often not knowing
how they will get their next meal. In these difficult fiscal times, we must make
tough decisions to be sure, but cutting $20.5 billion from SNAP, from a program
that inherently must be strong when our economy is struggling, is unfair and
cruel. It places the burden on the children and families and seniors, our
friends and neighbors who can least afford it. I look forward to working with my
colleagues to resolve these issues and produce a strong, bipartisan Farm Bill
that works for all Americans."

For further information please visit: http://capps.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Late harvest is underway

BYLINE: The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


Sept. 25--SPRINGFIELD _ Let the harvest begin.

As of Sunday, 5 percent of the Illinois corn crop and 1 percent of the state's
soybean crop had been harvested, according to the National Agricultural
Statistics Service.

In the state's eastern region _ which includes Champaign-Urbana, Danville and
Kankakee _ 6 percent of the corn crop and virtually none of the soybean crop had
been harvested.

Late planting and late-season dryness led to crops maturing later than they did
last year. As of Sunday, only 47 percent of the state's corn crop was mature,
compared with 95 percent at the same point last year.

Despite the lack of rain through August and early September, only 12 percent of
the corn and 14 percent of the soybeans were rated in "poor" or "very poor"
condition.

Here's the breakdown of condition ratings for corn: 10 percent excellent, 48
percent good, 30 percent fair, 9 percent poor, 3 percent very poor.

For soybeans, the condition ratings were: 6 percent excellent, 44 percent good,
34 percent fair, 11 percent poor, 3 percent very poor.

Illinois receives federal dollars for specialty crops

Thirteen projects in Illinois will share in nearly $540,000 awarded through
specialty crop block grants, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced this
week. The money awarded to the Illinois Department of Agriculture will be used
to:

_ Work with the University of Illinois to identify optimum varieties and
planting dates for hydroponic strawberries grown in "high tunnels" in central
and southern Illinois.

_ Work with the Illinois Stewardship Alliance to solicit commitments from chefs
to make at least 10 percent of their purchases from local specialty crop
growers.

_ Work with the Ag in Progress Partnership on a mentoring program for FFA
members that would teach them about honey bee biology.

_ Work with the IAA Foundation to develop and print a Pumpkins Ag Mag and teach
students and teachers about pumpkin production in Illinois.

Some of the other projects include: working with the Horseradish Growers of
Illinois to improve the size, color and taste of horseradish; and working with
Southern Illinois University and grape growers associations to improve soil
management methods for vineyards.

Separately, the Illinois Department of Agriculture has announced the deadline to
apply for a sustainable agriculture grant is Oct. 15.

Grants will be awarded for on-farm research and demonstrations, educational
outreach and university research projects.

Individuals can qualify for grants up to $10,000, while governmental units,
nonprofit groups, institutions and organizations can qualify for awards of up to
$20,000.

Program guidelines and application forms can be found on the Illinois Department
of Agriculture website at www.agr.state.il.us.

___ (c)2013 The News-Gazette (Champaign, Ill.) Visit The News-Gazette
(Champaign, Ill.) at www.news-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130925-CM-AGRICULTURE-ROUNDUP-20130925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2013 The News-Gazette


                              329 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             April 3, 2016, Sunday

FOOD Notes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P12F

LENGTH: 1019 words


Celebrating the Season

J.Q. Dickinson Salt-Works in Malden has announced the lineup for its 2016
Celebrating the Season dinners. The popular farm-to-fork dinners feature a
rotating list of prominent chefs serving unique cuisine on the salt-works site
in Malden.

Tickets will go on sale three weeks prior to each event and are $85 per person.
The dinners are bring your own beer and do not include gratuity. For more
information email Paige at paige@jqdsalt.com

-May 16: Chef Tom Grant and the Pro-Start Culinary Students from Carver Career
Center, Rand

-June 8: Chef Tim Urbanic from Cafe Cimino Country Inn, Sutton

-July 19: Chef Dale Hawkins from Fish Hawk Acres, Rock Cave

-Aug. 16: Chef Geoff Kraus, Thyme Bistro, Weston

-Sept. 21: Chef Joy Marr, Gourmet on the Gorge, Fayetteville

-Oct. 10 (tentative): Chef Richard Arbaugh, South Hills Market and Cafe,
Charleston.

Gourmet On The Gorge

Gourmet On The Gorge, located at JM Catering in the River Rock Retreat Hostel in
Lansing, has several upcoming Cooking On The Gorge classes:

-Uncork & Cook is a two-and-a-half-hour, hands-on cooking class. It will be
offered at 6 p.m. Thursday, April 21 and May 19. Instructor Joy Marr will
provide the fresh foods, aprons, recipes, equipped kitchen and instruction.
Students bring their beverage of choice.

-Julia & Joy is a three-and-a-half-hour cooking class that includes a character
performance by actress Karen Varunch who will bring the indomitable Julia Child
to life. Classes will be held May 21, July 16 and Aug. 27.

For more information visit www.gourmetonthegorge.com, or call 304-574-0394.

Uncork & Create classes

Uncork & Create Kitchen, 1031 Quarrier St., has several classes coming up that
may be of interest to area cooking enthusiasts:

-Create Your Own Succulent Garden Terrarium will be held at 2 p.m. April 16.
Participants will be guided step by step in the creation of their own large
glass globe succulent garden terrarium. All materials and supplies provided. The
cost is $55 per person.

-Advanced Sushi Making 2.0 will be at 6:30 p.m. April 16 with Chef Paco Aceves.
Participants will learn how to make a variety of rolls including traditional,
rice only, inside out and hand roll, pressed sushi and Nigiri. These will
include Alaska, California, dynamite, spicy tuna, Hawaiian and hand rolls with
several vegetables including tempura-style. sashimi, chirashizushi (sushi rice
salad), and several sauces including Yum Yum, Miso Mayo and Japanese Ginger
Dressing will be taught.

The cost is $65 per person. Visit www.uncorkandcreate.com or call 304-552-3331
for more information or to register.

Murder mystery tickets

Tickets are on sale for the next murder mystery dinner theater at 7 p.m. Friday
at Blossom Dairy, 904 Quarrier St. Tickets are $50 per person and include
dinner, sushi preparation and show. Call 304-345-9999 for more information.

Anniversary celebration

Fusion Teriyaki Grille of Kanawha City, located at 4002 MacCorkle Ave. SE, will
celebrate its one year anniversary from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday with special offers
and free samples of its new bubble tea. For more information call 304-925-3663
(FOOD).

CSA memberships

HUNTINGTON - Spots are still available through May 20 for The Wild Ramp
Community Supported Agriculture (CSA). The cost is $265 per standard share
(feeds two people) and starting May 27, for 10 weeks, participants will receive
a random bag of produce from area farmers.

Meat and vegetarian options are available. Both options include produce, cheese,
dairy products and the occasional value-added item.

Pick up is from 3 to 6 p.m. each Friday at The Wild Ramp, 555 14th St. W. Call
304-523-7267 or email info@wildramp.org for more information.

2016 WV Specialty Crop Block Grants

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is now accepting project proposals
for the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The deadline to apply is
Monday.

The grant program, funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and administered
by the WVDA, gives specialty crop growers the opportunity to learn new
techniques, test them out, and share their knowledge with other producers.

Those applying for a grant must deal with a specialty crop such as fruits,
vegetables, horticulture products, tree nuts, herbs and spices, maple syrup,
honey and Christmas trees, among others.

Products explicitly excluded are livestock, eggs, corn, soybeans and other
commodity type crops. All projects must focus on industry related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops.

The program is available to groups and organizations that qualify to receive
grant funding but cannot be used to fund individual farms or enterprises. Visit
agriculture.wv.gov or call 304-558-3708 for more information.

1863 Grill classes

ELKINS - 1863 Grill, 830 Harrison Ave., is continuing its series of winter
cooking classes throughout April. Classes include:

-Sushi making at noon Saturday. Cost is $60 per person.

-Mother sauces at noon April 16. Cost is $40 per person.

Class sizes are limited. Visit www.1863grill.com/winter-cooking-classes or call
304-637-1863 for more information.

Tamarack Dinner Theatre

BECKLEY - Tamarack, One Tamarack Park, will present "The Country House at 6:30
p.m. Friday and Saturday as part of the 2016 Tamarack Dinner Theatre Series. The
cost is $48 per person. Visit or call 304-256-6843 for more information.

Chef's Challenge tickets

Tickets for Covenant House's signature fundraiser, Chef's Challenge, are on sale
now. The cost is $100 per person. The event will be from 5:30 to 8 p.m. Tuesday
at the Charleston Civic Center.

Seven local celebrity chefs from across the state will prepare a multi-course
meal with ingredients typically found in the Covenant House Food Pantry.

There will also be a silent and live auction and a drawing for an original Mark
Blumenstein sculpture called "House, which he created specifically for Chef's
Challenge. Online tickets for the "House drawing may be purchased for $10. The
winner will be announced during the dinner on Tuesday. You must be present to
win.

Visit http://bit.ly/ChefsChallenge2016 for more information or call Angie at
304-344-8053 x22.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              330 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


          RECIPIENT: Maine Organic Farmers And Gardeners Association
                 DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Program


                        LAST UPDATED: September 13, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Maine Organic Farmers And Gardeners Association
TAXCODE:  01-6048322
URL:  http://mofga.org
LOCATION:  Unity, ME, 04988
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant Program
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017


                              331 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                RECIPIENT: Oregon Museum of Science and Industry
           DONOR: Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant through the Oregon
                           Department of Agriculture


                         LAST UPDATED: January 14, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2015

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 150,000 - 249,999

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Oregon Museum of Science and Industry
TAXCODE:  93-0402877
URL:  http://www.omsi.edu
LOCATION:  Portland, OR, 97214
CATEGORY:  Arts Culture and Humanities

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Usda Specialty Crop Block Grant through the Oregon Department of
Agriculture
DONOR TYPE:  Other

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016


                              332 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 16, 2009 Saturday

Farm Focus In Brief: 05/16/2009: Department offers pilot program

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


May 16--TRAVERSE CITY -- A pilot program to help private landowners develop a
forest management plan is available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Financial assistance through the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service
is available for professional development of a forest management plan addressing
timber production, wildlife habitat, recreation and other uses.

Landowners selected for the program will receive fixed payments based on acreage
included in the plan. The plans must be developed by a professional forester
approved by the USDA. Owners also will be eligible for additional financial help
to implement conservation measures recommended in the plan.

More information is available from area NRCS offices or by contacting a local
county Conservation District office.

Grants to enhance specialty crops

TRAVERSE CITY -- A new federal block grant program to enhance development of
specialty crops in Michigan is available through the state Department of
Agriculture.

Grants from $10,000 to $75,000 will be available to nonprofit and for-profit
organizations, universities and local, state and federal entities for projects
that benefit the specialty crop industry, including fruits and vegetables, tree
nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops. A full list of specialty
crops is available at www.michigan.gov/mda.

Activities eligible for funding include research, promotion, marketing,
nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety and security, innovation,
distribution, manufacturing and other processes related to specialty food
production. Applicants must reside in and/or do business in Michigan, and grant
applications will be accepted through July 7.

The state agriculture department is conducting five workshops around the state
to outline the grant program and help applicants develop their proposals. A
workshop in Traverse City is set for May 21 from 10 a.m. to noon at the Traverse
City Area Chamber of Commerce office at 202 E. Grandview Parkway. Registration
is required and seating is limited to 40 applicants. Sign-up for the free
workshop is available by contacting the chamber at (231) 995-7105.

Spring wheat projections down

TRAVERSE CITY -- Wheat production in Michigan is expected to fall this year
according to spring projections from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The state's wheat production is expected to total 39.33 million bushels this
year, down 20 percent from last year's record crop of nearly 49 million bushels.
Yields are projected to be equal to last year at around 69 bushels per acre, but
only 570,000 acres are expected to be harvested, down from 710,000 acres in
2008, according to the USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service.

Nationally, winter wheat production is forecast at 1.5 billion bushels, down 20
percent from 2008. The expected area for harvest as grain or seed totals 34
million acres, down 14 percent from last year. The U.S. yield is forecast at
44.2 bushels per acre, down 3 bushels from 2008.

Hay stocks in Michigan as of May 1 totaled 450,000 tons, up 41 percent from last
spring. Nationally, hay stocks totaled 22.1 million tons, up 2 percent from a
year ago.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090516-ZK-Farm-Focus-In-05-16-2009-0516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2009


                              333 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 16, 2013, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10C

LENGTH: 644 words


Cruiser fire intentional, Bluefield police say

BLUEFIELD - Bluefield Police officers arriving to work Friday morning found one
of their police cruisers engulfed in flames.

Someone set the car ablaze with an accelerant, most likely gasoline, at about 5
a.m. on the department's parking lot along Rogers Street, Sgt. G.W. Lightfoot
said.

No one was injured, but the fire destroyed the cruiser. Lightfoot said
detectives are reviewing hours of footage from the department's many security
cameras nearby.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious Friday morning is asked to call the Bluefield
Police Department at 304-327-6101.

Tomblin seeks boost for Rainy Day, infrastructure

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin wants to increase West Virginia's already robust emergency
reserves, and hopes to win over lawmakers by also pledging funding for basic
road needs and special infrastructure projects.

The proposal was among 13 introduced Friday on behalf of the governor for this
session, which began Wednesday. One of those other measures would support the
general revenue portion of the state budget by rerouting several taxes now
earmarked for other purposes.

State law requires that half of any annual budget surplus go into a so-called
Rainy Day fund. These automatic deposits stop once that fund equals 13 percent
of general revenue spending.

The fund has reached that target. It now has more than $565 million, one of the
healthiest reserves among the states.

Tomblin's Rainy Day legislation would increase the reserve's target to 15
percent of spending. Once that new threshold is reached, half of any surplus
would go into a new "Infrastructure Modernization and Development Special
Revenue Fund'' created by the bill. Each year, this new account would send half
its balance to an existing program that funds water and sewer projects, and the
other half to the chronically ailing State Road Fund.

The bill also earmarks interest from investing reserve funds for Medicaid.

Manchin picked to head Senate mining panel

U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin will chair a subcommittee that oversees national mining
policy and mining education and research.

The West Virginia Democrat announced his appointment Friday to the Senate energy
subcommittee, saying he'll have a say in many issues state residents care about.

Besides national mining policy, the subcommittee on public lands, forests and
mining has oversight over federal mineral leasing, lands administered by the
Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service, and the establishment of
wildlife refuges on public lands and wilderness designations.

Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon selected Manchin as the subcommittee's chairman.

W.Va. specialty crop block grants available

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the
2013 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

Officials say that funding for 2013 is expected to be about $180,000.

Applicants must submit a two-page proposal by March 15 for review. Selected
projects will then be required to submit a formal grant proposal.

Since 2007, the department has awarded more than $1.5 million into development
of the West Virginia specialty crop industry.

The program is funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Funding is
available to groups and organizations involved in the production, processing
and/or marketing of fruits and vegetables.

Weirton area ranks low in high-pay households

WEIRTON - The U.S. Census Bureau says the Weirton and Steubenville metropolitan
area is one of two in the country with the lowest percentage of high-income
households.

It defines high income as being in the top 5 percent of national income
distribution, which is a household income of at least $191,469 per year.

According to the report, only 1.3 percent of households in the area that
includes two counties in the Northern Panhandle and one in Ohio were considered
high income.

- from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              334 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      October 11, 2011 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Organizations Earn $75,000 USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant

LENGTH: 387  words


New Delhi, Oct. 11 -- Michigan Christmas Tree Association issued the following
news release:

The Michigan Christmas Tree Association, Michigan Floriculture Growers Council
and Michigan Floral Association, in cooperation with Michigan State University
Department of Horticulture, AgBioResearch (formerly Michigan Agricultural
Experiment Station), have been awarded a $75,000 USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grant.

With the award of this grant, the funding will launch and support a new campaign
called "Make it a Real Michigan Christmas" that will promote and encourage the
purchase of live poinsettias and real Christmas trees. The goal of the campaign
is to increase consumer awareness regarding the role Michigan plays in the
production of trees and poinsettias, the negative environmental implications of
buying artificial trees and poinsettias, the emotional benefits of real flowers
and plants in the home, as well as the economic contributions these two iconic
Christmas symbols make in Michigan.

Currently, Michigan ranks third in the U.S. in the number of trees harvested,
with no other state producing more Christmas tree varieties, and seventh in
poinsettia production, having grown 2.3 million plants in 2010. However,
Michigan Christmas tree and poinsettia growers are at a critical juncture in
their businesses as sales are slow to declining. Through this grant, industry
leaders hope to rejuvenate sales and profitability by promoting the benefits of
including real poinsettias and Christmas trees in consumers' Christmas
celebrations. By choosing to Make it a Real Michigan Christmas, consumers are
not only supporting important industries, but making an economically,
emotionally, and ecologically beneficial choice, as well as helping to preserve
or create important Christmas traditions.

Make it a Real Michigan Christmas campaign will kick off Monday, October 17,
2011. The campaign will have many facets, including public service
announcements, point-of-purchase materials, marketing and media relations
campaigns, and research, all targeted at consumers to encourage the purchase of
fresh Michigan Christmas trees and poinsettias.

To find out more about the Make it a Real Michigan Christmas initiative, please
visit www.RealMichiganChristmas.com or like us on Facebook.

Source: Michigan Christmas Tree Association

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2011 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 814 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                       RECIPIENT: Bread for the City Inc
              DONOR: University of the District of Columbia (USDA
                     Specialty Crop Block Grant) Share Fund


                           LAST UPDATED: May 7, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2012

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Bread for the City Inc
TAXCODE:  52-1138207
URL:  http://www.breadforthecity.org
LOCATION:  Washington, DC, 20001
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  University of the District of Columbia (USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant)
Share Fund
DONOR TYPE:  Foundations

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014


                              336 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Washington: WSU research for specialty crops boosted by $1.7 million

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Olympia: Wahington State University, The State of Washington has issued the
following news release:



 More than $1.7 million was awarded to Washington State University for specialty
crop research including berries, potatoes, grapes, tree fruit, onions, carrots
and Christmas trees, the Washington State Department of Agriculture announced
today.





 WSU received grants for 10 of the 24 projects funded through the 2015 U.S.
Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The total award
for the state was $4.1 million.



 &ldquo;This program, which is made possible by funding through the federal farm
bill, is absolutely essential for WSU to support the specialty crop industries
for which Washington is a leading producer,&rdquo; said Jim Moyer, associate
dean of research in the WSU College of Agricultural, Human and Natural Resource
Sciences.



 Washington ranks first in the nation for the production of apples, raspberries
and pears and second for grapes, onions, carrots and potatoes.



 The WSU projects, lead investigators and award amounts include:



 &bull; Pre-Plant Management Techniques for Nematodes and Soilborne Raspberry
Diseases; Lisa Wasko DeVetter, WSU NWREC, Mount Vernon; $141,274

 &bull; Improved Disease Control Strategies of Potato Powdery Scab; Kiwamu
Tanaka, Department of Plant Pathology, Pullman; $236,127

 &bull; Strengthening the Grapevine Supply Chain for Healthy Vineyards; Naidu
Rayapati WSU IAREC, Prosser; $247,878



 &bull; Identification, Distribution and Management of Needle Cast Diseases on
Noble Fir; Gary Chastagner, Puyallup Research and Extension Center; $104,624

 &bull; Cosmic Crisp: Training System and Orchard Management; Stefano Mussachi,
Tree Fruit Research and Extension Center, Wenatchee; $249,191

 &bull; Deep Sub-Surface Micro-Irrigation to Increase Water Use Efficiency in
Vineyards; Pete Jacoby, Department of Crop and Soil Sciences, Pullman; $249,971

 &bull; Evaluations of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi of Onions and Carrot;
Lindsey du Toit, WSU NWREC, Mount Vernon; $211,099



 &bull; Physiological Responses of Apple under Photoselective Hail Netting; Lee
Kalcsits, Tree Fruit Research and Extension Center, Wenatchee; $248,608

 &bull; Developing Value-Added Products from Washington Grown Red Raspberries;
Shyam Sablani, Department of Biological Systems Engineering, Pullman;  $91,878

 &bull; Sliced Pears: A Novel Avenue for Pear Consumption in the U.S.; Amit
Dhingra, Department of Horticulture, Pullman; $204,466.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday

Produce growers like farm legislation

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 715 words


WASHINGTON (AP)   Fruit and vegetable farmers in California and elsewhere would
reap a bonanza of new money in a giant farm bill passed by the House on
Wednesday that for the first time includes significant expenditures for produce
growers.

Money for traditional commodity subsidies, food stamps and other programs in the
$290 billion bill still dwarfs spending on so-called "specialty crops"   fruits,
vegetables, nuts and nursery products, which together account for about half the
country's crop value.

Nonetheless fruit and vegetable producers and their allies said they'd made a
landmark advance. The bill would spend more than $1 billion directly on
specialty crops through grants and other programs, while hundreds of millions
more would go for related programs, such as a $1 billion fresh fruit and
vegetable snack program for schools.

Senate Democrats calculated the total specialty crop spending in the bill at
around $3 billion.

"For the first time the farm bill makes an historic investment in specialty
crops especially important to my state of California," House Speaker Nancy
Pelosi, D-San Francisco, said on the House floor. "The producers who account for
more than half of all crop value in the United States are now represented in our
farm bill."

California with its grapes, pears, avocados and almonds is the country's top
specialty-crop producing state, followed by Florida, Washington, Texas, Oregon,
North Carolina, Michigan, New York, Georgia and Arizona, according to the
Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance.

The alliance represents 120 groups of growers and producers that came together
over the past few years to lobby for inclusion after the last farm bill, in
2002, once again mostly ignored specialty crops.

"What we've tried to do is create and support programs that are going to help a
broad cross-section of our industry," said Robert Guenther, senior vice
president of public policy for the United Fresh Produce Association and
spokesman for the specialty crop alliance. "Finally we hit the tipping in this
farm bill."

The bill passed the House 318-106 despite a veto threat from President Bush, who
complained it's too expensive and doesn't reduce commodity spending, and debate
on the legislation began in the Senate.

Among the specialty crop spending in the bill:

· $1.02 billion to expand a pilot fresh fruit and vegetable snack program at
schools to all 50 states.

· $466 million for specialty crop block grants.

· $377 million for a new program to combat pest and disease.

· $230 million for research on food safety, mechanization, genetics, breeding
and other issues.

· $59 million for trade assistance and marketing promotion.

"California agriculture is finally getting the respect and treatment it
deserves," said Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, who helped negotiate the bill.

Also included was $170 million added in by Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, to
help families and businesses in California, Oregon and Washington affected by
the shutdown of the Pacific salmon season. Some Republicans criticized that
measure as pork that didn't belong in the farm bill but Thompson called it
"desperately needed."

A provision by Rep. Doris Matsui, D-Sacramento, to establish the fragile
Sacramento River watershed as a "national priority region" eligible to compete
with six other regions for $280 million for water projects also made it into the
bill.

According to the office of Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., California's top
specialty crops along with their 2006 value are: grapes, over $3 billion;
nursery and greenhouse products, $2.7 billion; almonds, $2 billion; lettuce,
$1.6 billion; strawberries, $1.2 billion; tomatoes, $1.1 billion; and
floriculture (flowers), $1 billion.

Feinstein and Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., both planned to support the bill
when the Senate votes, which was expected Thursday.

Of California's House delegation, all but three of the 34 Democrats voted "yes"
on the bill. The three who voted "no" were Reps. Henry Waxman of Los Angeles,
Pete Stark of Fremont and Jane Harman of Venice.

Of the 19 California Republicans, most voted "no" but there were four "yes"
votes: Reps. John Doolittle of Rocklin, Wally Herger of Marysville, Elton
Gallegly of Simi Valley and George Radanovich of Mariposa.

Rep. Mary Bono Mack, R-Palm Springs, didn't vote.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                     Hells Canyon Journal (Halfway, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2010

ODA Accepting Grant Proposals for Specialty Crop Projects

BYLINE: Hells Canyon Journal staff

LENGTH: 516  words


As of December 30, 2009, the Oregon Department of Agriculture began accepting
grant proposals for project funding as part of a federal program for specialty
crops. Approximately $1 million is available to agriculture industry
associations, producer groups, commodity commissions, and local government
agencies in Oregon.

ODA is requesting one- to two-page concept papers from applicants describing
their proposed projects. Concept papers are due by 5:00 p.m., Tuesday, February
16, 2010.

The federal funds are part of the US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program and authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. Specialty crops are
defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops.
Oregon ranks fifth in the nation in production of specialty crops.

In December, ODA held listening sessions for producers, industry groups, and the
public across the state to receive comment on areas of need and funding
priorities for the 2010 round of specialty crop grants. Based on comments
received from these sessions, ODA has identified the following areas as
priorities for the 2010 funding. They are not listed in any priority order:

Market development and access, both international and farm-direct/local;

Product and varietal development;

Value-added initiatives;

Innovation and productivity;

Consumer education;

Food safety and trace-ability;

Certification and producer outreach, including, but not limited to, GAP/GHP,
identity preserved, organic, sustainability, or other market assurance programs.

An advisory board of industry representatives will evaluate concept papers and
select the top ranked applicants by March 15, 2010. Successful applicants will
then be asked to submit full proposals by April 30 for further review. Projects
chosen to receive funding will be announced by October or November of 2010.

ODA and the advisory board will be looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon producers as well as partners in other states that
share common specialty crops. Projects that benefit new producers or socially
disadvantaged farmers are also strongly encouraged.

Concept papers may be submitted for a project funding level minimum of $25,000
and a maximum of $100,000, and for a project timeline of up to two years.
Applicants are highly encouraged to provide a dollar-for-dollar cash match.
Applications without a match will not be valued as highly as those with a match.

Concept papers can be submitted online and must be received by February 16,2010
at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time to be considered for funding.

ODA staff is available to provide applicants an understanding of the 2010
granting process and requirements. However, to ensure that all applicants
receive equal treatment, staff cannot provide assistance with preparing concept
papers.

Directions on submitting concept papers and other information is available at
oregon.gov/ODA/grants_spec_crops.shtml or by contacting ODA's Agricultural
Development and Marketing Division at 503-872-6600.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEL

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Hells Canyon Journal


                              339 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday

Lawrence couple touts Tunnel to Table project

BYLINE: Jan Biles.

jan.biles@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 560 words


LAWRENCE - A Lawrence couple says a new project spearheaded by the Kansas Rural
Center will help farmers evaluate the use of polytunnels to increase and expand
the production of fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, mushrooms, flowers, herbs and
other specialty crops.

The Tunnel to Table project's goals are to produce an online decision-making
tool, a resource guide and a regional workshop series throughout this year's
growing season, according to Cole Cottin, program coordinator at the Kansas
Rural Center, and her husband, Dan Phelps, activity coordinator for the Tunnel
to Table project.

"The economic potential for specialty crops grown in polytunnels is enormous,"
Phelps said.

The project is funded by a Specialty Crop Block Grant from the Kansas Department
of Agriculture. In addition, the Kansas Rural Center has received a $5,000 grant
from FarmAid to bring polytunnel technology to women and minorities interested
in growing specialty crops in the state.

Polytunnels - sometimes known as hoop houses - are unheated structures that
protect growing spaces from climate challenges. Phelps said the structures range
from do-it-yourself tunnels made of bent metal pipe covered with a single layer
of plastic to mobile tunnels that can be moved from one growing site to the next
and withstand high winds, hot temperatures and heavy snowfalls.

The cost of a polytunnel can range from a few hundred dollars to thousands of
dollars.

High tunnels are tall enough to walk inside - about 12 feet tall, 30 feet wide
and 90 feet long, he said. Low tunnels are only high enough to cover the tops of
the crops. When a low tunnel is placed inside a high tunnel, two growing zones
can be produced with the same structure.

Polytunnels allow farmers to extend their growing season and the revenue from
selling their crops, as well as help control pests.

Of the $760 million Kansans spend annually on fruits and vegetables, only 4
percent of that produce is grown and harvested in the state, Cottin said.
Kansas-grown specialty crops amount to $32 million annually.

"Specialty crops make up .3 percent of Kansas farming income, and we can do
better," she said. "Our mission is to increase productivity and a longer growing
season so they are more able to produce food."

Phelps said farmers lack adequate resources to help them make decisions about
how to access and integrate tunnels into their existing growing systems and
which tunnel would be best to maximize the return on their investment.

Recently, he distributed a survey to growers to gauge the challenges, growing
practices and other aspects of using polytunnels and identify farmers who would
be interested in hosting an on-farm workshop.

"The Rural Center likes to use farmers as teachers," he said. "We hope to
identify three farms soon."

The series of on-farm workshops will begin this spring and offer hands-on
experience on the production of specialty crops in polytunnels and how they are
used during various seasons and regions of Kansas.

The resource guide will bring together information already available through
publications, websites, farmer networks and farm service providers.

Cottin said the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation
Service offers an initiative through the Environmental Quality Incentives
Program that will reimburse a farmer half of the cost of installing a
polytunnel.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

Aid for farmers in jeopardy;
Cranberry growers among the groups that would be hurt by cutting or elimination
of federal funding

BYLINE:  Aarthi Gunasekaran, Patriot Ledger Washington Bureau

SECTION: Business; pg. 11

LENGTH: 410 words


Federal funding aimed at boosting Massachusetts crops may face cuts or
elimination later this year, as the current law governing the nation's farm
programs is due to expire at the end of September.

Although the federal farm law contains some programs that are mandatory and
therefore will extend beyond the expiration of the current law, there are more
than 30 programs on the chopping block this year.

Several of the affected programs are related to specialty crops, a sector that
includes the cranberry growers of southeastern Massachusetts.

The state's cranberry industry has benefited from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Block Crop Grant program, while Massachusetts dairy
farmers have been aided by the agency's Rural Electricity for America program.
Both are due to expire this fall, absent action from Congress. Other programs
that are similarly at risk include initiatives for organic agriculture and
farmers' markets.

According to the Congressional Research Service, up to $10 billion annually in
federal farm programs nationwide could disappear if Congress does not act to
continue them.

Cranberries rank second among sources of farm income in Massachusetts, behind
plant nurseries. Bay State growers produce more than 25 percent of the
cranberries grown in the nation.

In 2010, the Cape Cod Cranberry Growers' Association received an initial
specialty-crop block grant of $35,000 - with another $50,000 added in 2011 - to
develop sustainability standards for Massachusetts cranberry production .

Many of the region's bogs were planted more than 100 years ago, and these
hand-built bogs tend to be less productive over time. The grants allowed growers
to rebuild the bogs, which resulted in less water use while boosting the level
of cranberry production.

The REAP program, which benefits dairy farmers in this state, is also set to
expire. It awards grants on a competitive basis to small businesses, to aid them
in energy-conservation and production efforts. Dairy ranks third in
Massachusetts in terms of farm income, behind nurseries and cranberry
production.

A spokeswoman for U.S Rep. William Keating of Quincy said the congressman
believes federal funding should continue for the cranberry industry.

"(He) has been working to preserve vital programs in the Farm Bill that provide
our local cranberry farmers with necessary capital, and strongly supports the
bill's reauthorization this year," said Keating spokeswoman Lauren Almendolara.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Patriot Ledger


                              341 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

California: Capital Press: Researcher Developing Early-Season Fruit Counting
System

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   Below is an article written by Sean Ellis from Capital Press highlighting a
successful project under the USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program
administered by the Idaho State Department of Agriculture



 A university researcher is trying to develop a fruit crop yield estimation
system that could help orchardists make important early-season decisions.





 Northwest Nazarene University Professor Duke Bulanon has received a $90,000
specialty crop grant from the Idaho State Department of Agriculture for the
two-year project, which is designed to help orchardists accurately predict
yields early in the growing season.



 He will work with some of Idaho's largest orchards to develop the system.



 Having an accurate idea of crop load and fruit size early in the year "could
help us decide which markets to target a little better," said Jamie Mertz,
co-owner of Symms Fruit Ranch in Caldwell.



 Symms has limited cold storage, so "if we knew we were going to have a big crop
, we would know we would have to go out and rent some more storage," he said.



 In previous work at the University of Florida, Bulanon developed a system that
helped autonomous robots find and pick ripe fruit. For this project, he wants to
develop a system that can accurately predict yields based on the number of
immature fruit.



 That's a bigger challenge because the color of most immature fruit matches the
color of the tree, he said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: AGRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 -- (Senate - February 24, 2014)

LENGTH: 2483  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I wish to discuss the Agricultural Act of 2014,
otherwise known as the farm bill.

I sincerely appreciate the Agriculture Committee chairwoman's and ranking
member's work in moving the process forward.

I have made it a priority to keep Pennsylvania's agricultural industry and our
rural economies strong to support Pennsylvanian families.

Agriculture is the Commonwealth's largest industry. Pennsylvania's farm gate
value--that is cash receipts to growers--is about $5.8 billion. Agribusiness in
Pennsylvania is a $46.4 billion industry. Seventeen and one-half percent of
Pennsylvanians are employed in the food and fiber system. What does this mean?

It means that we must have a five-year farm bill.

The farm bill creates economic opportunities in our rural areas and sustains the
consumers and businesses that rely on our rural economy.

This farm bill would reduce the deficit by approximately $23 billion through the
elimination of some subsidies, the consolidation of programs and producing
greater efficiencies in program delivery.

Furthermore, dairy farmers deserve the best dairy program possible. The Senate
bill contains many improvements that I support. Dairy is Pennsylvania's No. 1
agricultural sector. The dairy industry annually generates more than $1.8
billion in on-farm cash receipts, which represent about 32 percent of
Pennsylvania's total agricultural receipts.

There are so many other important items that come out of having a five-year farm
bill.

I am especially thankful to the chairwoman and ranking member for inclusion of a
provision to establish cooperative lending pilot projects to aid administration
of microloans. These projects will help provide business planning support and
financial management expertise to farmers to ensure their success in order to
foster economic development in agriculture and sustain farm profitability.

Making risk management and crop insurance products work better for
Pennsylvanians, especially small farmers, specialty crop farmers and organic
farmers, is very important. Providing funding through risk management,
conservation and agricultural marketing agencies to underserved states, the
Agricultural Management Assistance, AMA, program helps to make the farm bill
more equitable among regions. I genuinely appreciate the chairwoman's and
ranking member's work to enhance the Agricultural Management Assistance program,
including support for organic transition assistance. The improvements in this
bill to crop insurance delivery are important.

We have worked to address the unique concerns of specialty crop farmers and
beginning farmers, and we have done so in a bipartisan way. Specialty crops are
very important to Pennsylvanian agriculture. The Specialty Crops Research
Initiative, SCRI, Specialty Crops Block Grant program and Fresh Fruit and
Vegetable Snack Program all advance the specialty crops industry, playing a key
role in ensuring that this important agricultural sector receives continued
acknowledgement in the farm bill. These programs remain strong under this bill.

In addition, the Nation's organic industry has grown exponentially from $3.6
billion in 1997 to $29 billion in 2010, with an annual growth rate of 19 percent
from 1997-2008. In 2008, Pennsylvania was ranked 6th in number of organic farms
with 586 and 3rd in sales at $212.7 million.

I also support the improvements in promotion programs within the farm bill.

Through research, we develop more efficient and effective farming methods.
Research also helps producers maintain a competitive edge in the global market
by fighting threatening diseases and pests.

I am pleased that the farm bill invests in relevant and targeted research and
maintains the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service programs that work to
eradicate the invasive species that threaten our nation's forests and farms.

The farm bill's forestry programs are essential for assisting forest landowners
in managing threats and enhancing stewardship. I am pleased that the farm bill
continues important forestry programs so that forest owners can continue to
create new economic opportunities. I am also grateful to the chairwoman and
ranking member for working with me to fix USDA's Biopreferred program to even
the playing field for Pennsylvanian forestry products. Revenues from
Pennsylvania's forest products industry exceed $5.5 billion annually. Over 10
percent of the State's manufacturing workforce is involved in the forest
products industry.

I am appreciative to the committee for the inclusion of my provision directing
USDA to work with the Food and Drug Administration toward the development of a
standard of identity for honey, a tool which will promote honesty and fair
dealing and serve the interest of consumers and Pennsylvania's honey industry.
The majority of our honey is imported, but because there is no standard,
contaminated, low-quality honey continues to pass through customs and undercut
our domestic product. Pennsylvania is a major player in the honey industry.
Honey bee pollination can be directly attributed to the production of about $60
million of agricultural produce in Pennsylvania annually.

I am committed to keeping Pennsylvania's rural communities strong and support
rural development programs that provide access to capital for rural businesses
to provide economic opportunities and create jobs. A

[Page: S998] GPO's PDF

rural community's viability in attracting and keeping businesses is often
directly related to the condition of its infrastructure and facilities. USDA's
Rural Development programs empower rural communities, transform local economies
and preserve the quality of life in small towns across the Commonwealth. A rural
economic development program that saves and creates jobs in rural economies and
improves rural life is extremely important for Pennsylvanian families.

Farmers are the original stewards of the land and continue to lead the charge in
protecting our natural resources. I believe the voluntary conservation programs
in the farm bill provide important tools to help farmers comply with Federal and
State regulations while keeping farmers in business. I am committed to making
conservation programs more efficient, effective and relevant to farmers.

Conservation programs are an extremely important resource for many Pennsylvanian
farmers. I worked with my Senate colleagues to support enhancements to
conservation programs through this process in an effort to ensure that these
remodeled programs would better serve the needs of Pennsylvanians.

Pennsylvania's watersheds contribute more than half of the fresh water flowing
to the Chesapeake Bay. While Pennsylvania does not border the bay, activities in
the Commonwealth profoundly affect the bay's health. The bay's tributaries, such
as Susquehanna and Potomac Rivers, are important to the region's economy,
culture and outdoor recreation.

Under the 2008 farm bill, the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative, CBWI,
provided essential support to farmers facing Federal and State regulations
concerning water quality and helped to meet demand for conservation programs. In
advance of the Agriculture Committee's consideration of the 2012 farm bill, I
introduced the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Fairness Act, which among other things
reauthorized the CBWI, because I know Pennsylvania farmers used this program
very well.

I am grateful that the 2014 farm bill contains portions of this legislation
which are aimed at equipping farmers with the tools necessary to better meet
water quality goals. To reduce the number of conservation programs, the farm
bill consolidates four different programs into one that will provide competitive
funds to regional partnerships and will also provide conservation funding
directly to producers. CBWI was one of the programs that got folded into this
new program.

I worked very closely with other Senators from the watershed to strengthen the
conservation title to better benefit our region. Together we secured significant
policy improvements. The current bill focuses on the most critical conservation
areas and will help farmers in the Chesapeake Bay watershed participate in
conservation programs so that they can help the region meet water quality
standards.

Pennsylvania's agricultural producers and forest land owners use the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program, EQIP, to implement conservation
practices, which might otherwise be cost prohibitive, to protect valuable
natural resources.

Further, the Farmland Protection Program, FPP, protects prime farmland from
development. FPP is rolled into a new Agriculture Lands Easement, ALE, Program
to help keep working lands preserved as farm land. I support USDA in its efforts
to craft the rules of this program to allow flexibility so that States are
allowed to use their own easement terms and conditions as long as they are
consistent with the program purposes, in order to certify successful entities
like the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture's Bureau of Farmland Protection
and improve the efficiency of this program.

While I do not mention all of the farm bill conservation programs, I do believe
that each serves an important purpose.

My constituents, and all Americans, deserve some certainty and having a farm
bill will put us in that direction. A comprehensive farm bill is something that
I fought for years to enact and I certainly support the goal of a comprehensive
Farm bill to provide long-term certainty for our farmers.

Chairwoman Stabenow deserves a lot of credit for her tireless work to get this
bill across the goal line. She managed the very difficult task of negotiating a
bill that advanced without some of the most egregious and draconian proposals,
including $39 billion in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP, cuts
that the House had passed.

However, this farm bill contains cuts to SNAP that will be devastating for many
of my constituents. There are 1.7 million SNAP recipients in Pennsylvania. I
support changes in SNAP to increase accountability like stopping lottery winners
from continuing to receive assistance and cracking down on retailers and
recipients engaged in benefit trafficking.

But this farm bill will adversely impact many children, seniors, people with
disabilities and working families in Pennsylvania.

According to the Greater Philadelphia Coalition Against Hunger, the SNAP cut in
this farm bill will cause 175,000 Pennsylvanian households to lose, on average,
$65 for food each month. These same households already saw a cut to their
monthly benefits just 3 months ago when the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act, ARRA, increase in benefits expired.

My guest for the 2014 State of the Union was Tianna Gaines-Turner, a
Philadelphia woman who knows all too well the challenges working families face.
Tianna lost her job in December and is the mother of a nine-year-old and twin
six-year-olds. Her husband works in a minimum wage job. Tianna participates in a
research and advocacy project founded by the Center for Hunger-Free Communities
at Drexel University: ``Witnesses to Hunger.''

In 2008, Dr. Mariana Chilton provided cameras to 42 single mothers in
Philadelphia, simply asking that they use them to take pictures to tell us about
their lives and their children. These Witnesses to Hunger, seeing the
opportunity to spread awareness and create change, accepted Dr. Chilton's
challenge and started documenting the poverty and hunger that they face on a
daily basis. Living it each day, these remarkable mothers understand the trials
of hunger and raising a family more than anyone else. The Witnesses to Hunger
inspire me and challenge me to do more in the Senate. I am incredibly grateful
for the guidance they provide.

Tianna wrote me a letter that said:

Our voices and pictures show our pain, struggles. When you're voting, close your
eyes and think of the picture of my children. Their hunger pains rest in your
hands.

Another Witness to Hunger, Angela Sutton's son Jahzaire wrote me a letter that
said:

I was told that you were cutting food stamps and I want to know why? I need food
stamps so I can eat to be big and strong. So I can become Senator one day.

Every child deserves adequate food so that the light inside them can continue to
burn brightly. It is an impossible situation to raise a family and have to make
the choice between heating a home or putting food on the table. Recent research
from Children's HealthWatch demonstrated that improved SNAP benefit levels also
have a positive impact on children's health. Children in families receiving SNAP
were significantly more likely to be classified as ``well'' than were young
children whose families were eligible but did not receive SNAP.

Hunger and food insecurity is an unfortunate and preventable reality for many
Pennsylvanians. Hunger affects working families, children, and older Americans
across the Nation and not one community across this country is Hunger Free.
Nearly half of all SNAP participants are children and 76 percent of families
receiving SNAP have at least one employed member. Cutting SNAP is not a way to
address the deficit.

Moody's Analytics estimates that in a weak economy, every $1 increase in SNAP
benefits generates $1.72 in economic activity. In fact, economic importance is
demonstrated in part by Walmart, which on January 31, 2014 put out updated
expectations for its fourth quarter. Its report stated:

Despite a holiday season that delivered positive comps, two factors contributed
to lower comp sales performance for the 14-week period for Walmart U.S. First,
the sales impact from the reduction in SNAP (the U.S. government Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program) benefits that went into effect Nov. 1 is greater
than we expected .....

[Page: S999] GPO's PDF

CBO rated an increase in SNAP benefits as one of the two most cost-effective of
all spending and tax options it examined for boosting growth and jobs in a weak
economy.

About 94.6 percent of Federal spending goes directly for food; administrative
costs are low. SNAP's error rates stand at record lows; fewer than 2 percent of
SNAP benefits are issued to households that do not meet all of the program's
eligibility requirements.

I am thankful that The Emergency Food Assistance Program will receive increased
funding under this bill, but there is no way for our already-strained food banks
to make up for the increased demand they will see due to the SNAP cuts in
Pennsylvania.

Therefore, I could not in good conscience vote for this bill.

I want this Senate to think about the children of the Witnesses to Hunger and
all others who face hunger in this Nation--and what more we can do to help them
succeed in the face of low wages, unemployment or underemployment.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

PA Agriculture Department Awarded One of Four Grants Nationally Through New
Specialty Crop Multi-State Program

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



   A fungus that can kill most species of deciduous and coniferous trees - but
that is particularly devastating to peach and cherry trees - is the target of a
multi-state research project being administered by the Pennsylvania Department
of Agriculture in conjunction with universities in Georgia, Michigan and South
Carolina.





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week announced more than $922,000 in
funding to support a multi-state, interdisciplinary project to increase the
profitability and sustainability of peach, sweet cheery and tart cherry
operations by limiting crop losses caused by Armillaria root rot, or ARR. The
project is being funded through the new Specialty Crop Multi-State Program.



 Pennsylvania was one of only four states to be awarded funding under the
program which, according to state Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding, is a
reflection of the commonwealth's exceptional record administering projects
through the related federal Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 "The problems facing America's specialty crop producers do not confine
themselves to state borders," said Redding. "What threatens our growers affects
growers in other states, so having resources that bring states together to
figure out collaboratively how we tackle these threats is very much welcome.
We're especially proud to be one of the four states to be given the
responsibility of administering one of the chosen projects, which is a testament
to the confidence USDA puts in Pennsylvania to manage this type of multi-state
effort."



 A number of different tree species can serve as hosts of the ARR pathogen,
including fruit tree species and forest tree species, most notably oak trees.
ARR is a soil-borne fungus that first infects the roots, and then makes its way
through a tree's wood tissue until it reaches and destroys the lower tree trunk.




 Infected trees typically collapse right when they are nearing their maximum
production potential. Even after the trees collapse, though, the land is
unsuitable for further productive use because the fungus persists in the soil,
forcing prime orchard land out of production.



 Clemson University in South Carolina, Michigan State University, the University
of Georgia, and the University of Georgia Cooperative Extension will collaborate
on the project to evaluate short- and long-term solutions for Armillaria root
rot.



 Redding said that although the research supported by this project is being done
by other states, its findings are valuable to Pennsylvania given the size of the
fruit industry here. According to the National Agriculture Statistics Service,
as of 2012, there were more than 400 farms in Pennsylvania that grew sweet
cherries and more than 260 that grew tart cherries, accounting for nearly 900
acres of production. About 900 farms covering more than 4,800 acres grew
peaches.



 The Specialty Crop Multi-State Program is administered by USDA's Agricultural
Marketing Service (AMS). It is designed to support food safety and research;
address threats to plants such as pests and diseases; and increase new marketing
opportunities for specialty crops. Projects funded through the Specialty Crop
Multi-State Program must involve at least two partners located in different
states. Partners can include state agencies, Tribal governments, universities,
non-profits, and other specialty crop organizations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

PA Agriculture Department Awarded One of Four Grants Nationally Through New
Specialty Crop Multi-State Program

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



   A fungus that can kill most species of deciduous and coniferous trees - but
that is particularly devastating to peach and cherry trees - is the target of a
multi-state research project being administered by the Pennsylvania Department
of Agriculture in conjunction with universities in Georgia, Michigan and South
Carolina.





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week announced more than $922,000 in
funding to support a multi-state, interdisciplinary project to increase the
profitability and sustainability of peach, sweet cheery and tart cherry
operations by limiting crop losses caused by Armillaria root rot, or ARR. The
project is being funded through the new Specialty Crop Multi-State Program.



 Pennsylvania was one of only four states to be awarded funding under the
program which, according to state Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding, is a
reflection of the commonwealth's exceptional record administering projects
through the related federal Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.



 "The problems facing America's specialty crop producers do not confine
themselves to state borders," said Redding. "What threatens our growers affects
growers in other states, so having resources that bring states together to
figure out collaboratively how we tackle these threats is very much welcome.
We're especially proud to be one of the four states to be given the
responsibility of administering one of the chosen projects, which is a testament
to the confidence USDA puts in Pennsylvania to manage this type of multi-state
effort."



 A number of different tree species can serve as hosts of the ARR pathogen,
including fruit tree species and forest tree species, most notably oak trees.
ARR is a soil-borne fungus that first infects the roots, and then makes its way
through a tree's wood tissue until it reaches and destroys the lower tree trunk.




 Infected trees typically collapse right when they are nearing their maximum
production potential. Even after the trees collapse, though, the land is
unsuitable for further productive use because the fungus persists in the soil,
forcing prime orchard land out of production.



 Clemson University in South Carolina, Michigan State University, the University
of Georgia, and the University of Georgia Cooperative Extension will collaborate
on the project to evaluate short- and long-term solutions for Armillaria root
rot.



 Redding said that although the research supported by this project is being done
by other states, its findings are valuable to Pennsylvania given the size of the
fruit industry here. According to the National Agriculture Statistics Service,
as of 2012, there were more than 400 farms in Pennsylvania that grew sweet
cherries and more than 260 that grew tart cherries, accounting for nearly 900
acres of production. About 900 farms covering more than 4,800 acres grew
peaches.



 The Specialty Crop Multi-State Program is administered by USDA's Agricultural
Marketing Service (AMS). It is designed to support food safety and research;
address threats to plants such as pests and diseases; and increase new marketing
opportunities for specialty crops. Projects funded through the Specialty Crop
Multi-State Program must involve at least two partners located in different
states. Partners can include state agencies, Tribal governments, universities,
non-profits, and other specialty crop organizations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Fresno Bee

                           December 9, 2004, Thursday

Federal bill could give California the largest share of specialty crop funding

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle

LENGTH: 551 words



WASHINGTON -- California's fruit and vegetable growers can start competing for
more federal funds under a bill heading to the White House for President Bush's
signature.

In theory, California could gain an estimated $ 18 million a year to promote its
unsubsidized crops under the legislation approved by the Senate on Tuesday.

The Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act authorizes grants to all 50 states, but
California's share would be the largest.

"The Senate's approval -- represents an important step in the right direction
for the nation's specialty crop growers," A.G. Kawamura, secretary of the
California Department of Food and Agriculture, said Wednesday. "It's also
important because it helps California meet Gov. Schwarzenegger's request to
receive its fair share of federal funding."

California and other states, however, will have to fight to harvest the money
authorized under the legislation. Although the bill authorizes a nationwide
total of more than $ 270 million through 2009, none of that is guaranteed.

Instead, Congress will decide each year how much money -- if any -- to provide.
That will pit the specialty crop producers against other Agriculture Department
clients in the fight for funds; a fight, moreover, that is likely to become more
competitive in future years.

"It's going to be hard," said Devin Nunes, R-Visalia, a member of the House
Agriculture Committee. "However, hopefully, this is a first step in getting
people around the country to recognize the importance of specialty crops."

California's farm advocates also are seeing considerable promise in what amounts
to a last-minute victory.

Senate champions including Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein won voice approval
of the measure in the final hours of the 109th Congress, after retiring
Sacramento Republican Doug Ose had secured House passage in the final weeks of
his own lame-duck term.

"This bill has won congressional approval against all odds and will be seen in
the future as a turning point for the fresh-produce sector of agriculture," said
Tom Nassif, president of Western Growers Association.

The bill authorizes $ 44.5 million a year in block grants to state departments
of agriculture for the promotion of specialty crops -- fruits, vegetables, nuts
and flowers.

The bill also authorizes $ 5 million annually in methyl bromide research, $ 2
million a year for technical assistance and $ 1 million annually for a pest and
disease program.

Like a previous federal program initiated in 2001 (and now ended), the lock
grant provision guarantees every state some money but lavishes the biggest share
on the states with the greatest specialty crop production.

California farm lobbyists estimate this would mean roughly $ 18 million for the
state if the entire $ 44.5 million were provided nationwide.

Advocates contend the money will help specialty crop producers compete with
subsidized foreign competitors. Feinstein, for instance, said that
"globalization is making it more difficult for California's specialty crops to
compete both in the United States and abroad."

The grants themselves could fund lots of activities.



-----

To see more of The Fresno Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fresnobee.com


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FR-GROWERS-20041209

JOURNAL-CODE: FR

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 The Fresno Bee


                              346 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 24, 2002 Sunday
                                  City Edition

AG BRIEFS

SECTION: F; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 553 words


FARM BUREAU NOT PLEASED WITH APPLEBEE'S

The Nebraska Farm Bureau Association is not happy about the recent decision of
the Applebee's restaurant chain to require its vendors to comply with a variety
of animal welfare rules in serving its 1,286 outlets.

The state's largest farm organization accuses Applebee's of trying to avoid a
confrontation with animal rights organizations.

The Farm Bureau said the restaurant chain "wants to influence air-quality
standards in production facilities and it wants to buy meat only from
free-roaming chickens and ducks. It's not interested in purchasing meat from
animals that have been branded, and it wants vendors to take all possible steps
to improve the living conditions of dairy cows"

The Farm Bureau and other farm organizations said the animal welfare ideas are
not based on sound science and that the ultimate goal of animal rights groups is
a vegetarian diet.

Applebee's spokeswoman Cathie Koch, based in Overland Park, Kan. said new
policies are "a work in progress" through the National Council of Chain
Restaurants. No changes have been adopted yet, she said, and none will be until
at least midsummer.

GRAIN GROUP APPLAUDS LEASE PROTECTION ACT

The Nebraska Grain and Feed Association is hailing recent passage of the
Agricultural Suppliers Lease Protection Act.

Spokesman Pat Ptacek said the new state jaw will help protect association
members from unreasonable lease proposals and purchase offers from railroads and
other owners of property near grain, facilities.

The bill originally was introduced in 1999. Ptacek said it came at a time when
grain handlers were seeing large increases in lease rates, many from
land-management companies that had taken over leases without the knowledge of
those operating on a lease basis. The law allows lease holders to file
complaints with the state Department of Agriculture to resolve questions of
fair-market value.

SPECIALTY CROPS GET BOOST FROM BLOCK GRANTS

Gov. Mike Johanns has announced block grants for I production of specialty crops
in Nebraska.

The $640,000 comes from Congress' 2001 emergency disaster , relief package and
18 recipients in the state qualified for funds for ( research, education and
promotion. among the aided products are dry ) beans, chic peas, potatoes and
grass S seed. Two wine and grape projects in  Southeast Nebraska made the list.

The Nebraska Winery and Grape Growers Association got $35,000 for S promotion of
its efforts. The Five Rivers RC & D also got $35,000 for a cooperative vineyard.

CATTLEMEN'S CLASSIC PULLS IN RECORD JUNIOR ENTRIES

The 11th annual Nebraska Cattlemen's Classic brought a record number of more
than 500 junior entries to Kearney recently. Southeast Nebraska names on the
winners' list included:

Matt Ditloff, Bradshaw, reserve champion breeding heifer; Jordan Hronek,
Dorchester, champion, Simmental; Dalton Hartman, Tecumseh, reserve champion
shorthorn; Cassie Hoblyn, York, champion Chianina; Julie French, Lincoln,
reserve champion Maine Anjou; Ryan Duncloud, Lincoln, reserve champion Limousin
market steer; Clara Crays, Tobias, reserve champion polled Hereford market
steer.

AG CALENDAR

Collection sites for waste pesticides this week include ABK Fencing in Tecumseh
Monday and the Plymouth Farmers Co-op Tuesday, Collection hours are 8 a.m. to
noon.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1212 words


No-till conference

scheduled in Belmont

BELMONT, Wis. - Registration is under way for the University of Wisconsin
Extension Driftless Region No-Till Conference, an event that will take place
from noon to 3:15 p.m., Wednesday, March 13, at the Belmont Convention Center in
Belmont.

Program presenters and topics include: Joe Lauer, corn specialist for
UW-Extension, will review 30 years of research comparing different crop
rotations and tillage system interactions for yield and economic performance;
Francisco Arriaga, UW-Extension soil scientist, will present his data on the
long-term impact of no-till on carbon in the soil and the soil's ability to
capture and retain moisture; and Bryan Black, of Ag Trac Consulting, will
discuss how no-till systems can work with manure from dairy and livestock
operations.

Registration including lunch is $25 per person, due by Wednesday, March 6. Send
checks to: Grant County UW Extension, 916 E. Elm St., Suite A, Lancaster, WI
53813. Include name, address, email and telephone number.

Apple-growing event available in Madison

MADISON, Wis. - The Midwest School for Beginning Apple Growers, a three-day
workshop for people wanting to start an orchard business, will be offered March
15-17 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus. The course will prepare
participants to grow and sell apples.

This program combines the expertise of seasoned growers and university faculty.
The school will emphasize sustainable and organic production methods, including
integrated pest management strategies, as well as risk management and business
planning. The course also offers participants an opportunity to network with
others who share their interest in making a business out of growing and selling
apples.

The school is sponsored by the UW-Madison Center for Integrated Agricultural
Systems and the Wisconsin Apple Growers Association, and is open to the public.
Registration is $300. For more information, call 608-265-3704.

Wetlands program

applications due soon

DES MOINES - Federal Wetlands Reserve Program applications are due Friday, March
15. The program helps Iowa landowners restore agricultural land to natural
wetlands.

The program is voluntary and provides technical and financial assistance to
eligible private landowners to restore, protect and enhance wetlands in exchange
for retiring eligible land from agriculture. The Wetlands Reserve Program is a
continuous sign-up program, although the federal Natural Resources Conservation
Service periodically makes funding selections as program funding allows.

To apply or to find out more about program eligibility and enrollment options,
individuals should visit their local federal agriculture department service
center or go online to http://tinyurl.com/a7gj6lc

Marketing aid offered

for specialty crops

MADISON, Wis. - Financial support is available to improve production and
increase marketing of Wisconsin's specialty crops.

The state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection reports that
applications for Specialty Crop Block Grant Program money are due by Monday,
April 15. The grants are awarded to projects that enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crop industries. Projects are meant to benefit the specialty crop
industry as a whole and not directly benefit one individual. Selected projects
will be included in Wisconsin's state plan and submitted to the USDA for
approval and funding.

Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Nonprofit organizations,
producer organizations, government agencies, universities and other agricultural
organizations are encouraged to apply.

Application materials are online at http://tinyurl.com/auccpw2.

Family wins special

Monsanto funding

A Holy Cross, Iowa, family's good fortune will benefit two Dubuque County
charities.

Michael and Michele Schmitt have been selected as a winner in America's Farmers
Grow Communities, which gives farmers a chance to win $2,500 for local nonprofit
organizations. The Schmitts designated the Western Dubuque schools and The
Salvation Army-Dubuque to each receive $2,500 donations.

The funding comes from the Monsanto Fund, which is a philanthropic arm of
Monsanto Co.

To further support counties that have been declared disaster areas due to
drought by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, winning farmers in these counties
were able to double the donation.

Grant County team

prevails at 4-H event

LANCASTER, Wis. - A Grant County team took top honors in the senior division of
the recent Wisconsin 4-H Meats contest at the UW-Madison Meat Laboratory.

Team members were: Lena Frank, Amber Patterson, Cordt Esser and Charlie
Connolly. Dennis Patterson coached the team. The 4-H members will represent
Wisconsin at the National 4-H Meats judging contest to be held this fall in
Kansas City.

The state contest consisted of evaluating classes of hams, beef, pork and lamb
carcasses, and two retail cut classes. The youths also identified 40 retail cuts
of beef, pork or lamb and graded five beef carcasses.

Swiss Valley honors

several area members

Several area Swiss Valley Farms Cooperative members were recognized at the
recent co-op annual meetings.

Swiss Valley Farms honors its dairy producers who received Blue Ribbon Milk
Quality Awards during the past year. They include:

* Mike and Cheryl Meier, of Glen Haven, Wis., received their 35-Year Quality
Award for successfully meeting high-quality milk production standards for 35
years. In addition to receiving an engraved crystal vase, they received a $2,000
bonus check from their cooperative.

* The Schlitzer Family, of Dubuque, and Rick and Luann Kauffmann, of Farley,
Iowa, 30-Year Quality Awards. They each received an engraved silver tray and
$1,500 bonus checks.

* Dan and Laurie Clemen, of Holy Cross, Iowa, and Thomas Brimeyer, of Sherrill,
Iowa, recognition for 25 years of quality milk production. They each received a
framed Bonnie Mohr print and a $1,000 bonus check.

UW-P student elected

youth representative

PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - Erica Lamers, a sophomore majoring in agricultural education
at the University of Wisconsin-Platteville, was recently elected to serve as the
youth representative for the Wisconsin Dairy Goat Association.

Lamers, of Brillion, Wis., went through a process used by the association to
elect board members. She was nominated by a fellow member, applied and was put
on the ballot. Association members voted on the candidates and Lamers was
elected to serve as the youth representative for a one-year term.

Wisconsin group

to host Seed Day

LANCASTER, Wis. - The Southwest Chapter of Wings Over Wisconsin is hosting its
annual Seed Day from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday, March 22, at the Scenic River's
Energy Cooperative Lancaster site at 231 N. Sheridan St.

Corn, sorghum and sunflower seed will be available free to landowners for
planting on wildlife food plots. Food plots must not be harvested, but left for
wildlife food and habitat. Membership in Wings Over Wisconsin is not required to
receive seed.

A service is available to landowners to assist in establishing food plots.
Representatives from various conservation agencies will provide literature and
answer questions from landowners during Seed Day.

Lunch will be served.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               September 2, 2009

Idaho State Ag Dept. submits specialty crop grant requests to USDA

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 449  words


Specialty crop projects across Idaho soon will receive funding from the Idaho
State Department of Agriculture thanks to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Idaho agency said.

Idaho was allocated $876,435.46 for projects seen as enhancing the
competitiveness of specialty crops. In May, the Idaho State Department of
Agriculture announced a competitive grant process and began accepting
applications.   Thirty-one grant applications were submitted at a total request
of nearly $2.8 million.   A panel of industry representatives reviewed and
scored all applications and provided input to the Idaho State Department of
Agriculture for final selection.

Eleven projects were selected, and submitted Aug. 26 as part of the state's
plan. Final approval is expected from USDA sometime in September.

Grants submitted to USDA for final approval are:

Caldwell / Canyon County Economic Development Council - $30,000 Value-added
solutions for post-harvest perishables Agricultural Research Service, Dr. Krista
Shellie - $58,306 Adaptation of lesser-known wine grape cultivars to climate
features of the Snake River Valley AVA

Idaho Apple Commission - $93,000 Increasing fruit quality and global
competitiveness of Idaho apples through efficient use of water, nutrition and
orchard design Idaho Bean Commission - $122,000 Development of virus-resistant
yellow bean seed for domestic sale and export to Mexico Idaho Hunger Relief Task
Force - $2,759 "Just" Food for Idaho   Idaho Mint Commission - $36,447
Development of an economic threshold for mint root borer in peppermint Idaho
Potato Commission - $167,080 Sustainable production of new varieties from the
Pacific Northwest potato variety development Snake River Table Grape Growers
Association - $73,691 Variety selection and evaluation of growth regulators,
canopy design and crop load to improve fruit quality of Idaho table grapes for
the global market Boise State University dba TechHelp - $80,033 Improving the
competitiveness of onion, potato, apple, cherry and dry bean packaging /
processing operations through training and on-site assistance University of
Idaho - $74,999 Potato Virus Y control in Idaho Idaho State Department of
Agriculture, Idaho Preferred - $58,441 Television promotion of Idaho specialty
crops Program requirements governing eligibility were published in the Federal
Register.   Specialty crops were defined to include fruits and vegetables, tree
nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture.
Eligible projects were required to benefit more than one product or
organization.

Additional information: Lacey Menasco, lacey.menasco@agri.idaho.gov or
208-332-8538.



LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA Announces $96 Million in Available Funding to Support Local Food,
Specialty Crops and Farm to School Efforts

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee,
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has made almost
$96 million available for innovative agricultural projects that will help
Americans gain better access to healthy, nutritious food.

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) administered the grants, which include
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State Marketing
Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program (LFPP). The USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School
Program grants, also included in the announcement, are designed to help
qualified entities implement farm to school programs that improve access to
local foods in eligible schools.

"Today, there is a high demand for fresh, healthy food," Hoeven said. "These
grants will help our nation's food producers expand their market opportunities,
and also help families and schools have better access to nutritious food."

The SCBGP grants are distributed to states and territories based on a formula
that takes into account both specialty crop acreage and production value. These
grants reflect just one of the ways Senator Hoeven is working to make sure the
farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota's producers. Last
spring, Hoeven announced that USDA had awarded grant funding to the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture through SCBGP that was reauthorized in the 2014 farm
bill.

Interested SCBGP applicants should apply through their State department of
agriculture. State contacts and application due dates can be found here.

The FSMIP funds will support research projects that aim to address challenges
and opportunities in marketing, transporting and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program will divide funding equally
between its two grant programs: the FMPP, which supports direct
farmer-to-consumer marketing projects, e.g. farmers markets, community-supported
agriculture programs, agritourism, while the LFPP funds projects that support
intermediary supply chain activities for food products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 814 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2015 The Seattle University Law Review
                         Seattle University Law Review

                                  Summer, 2015

                         Seattle University Law Review

                           38 Seattle U. L. Rev. 1271

LENGTH: 2021 words

SEATTLE UNIVERSITY LAW REVIEW SYMPOSIUM: RE-TOOLING FOOD LAW: HOW TRADITIONAL
LEGAL MODELS CAN BE RE-TOOLED FOR FOOD SYSTEM REFORM: ARTICLE & ESSAY: The 2014
Farm Bill: Farm Subsidies and Food Oppression

NAME: Andrea Freeman *

BIO:


* Assistant Professor of Law, University of Hawai i William S. Richardson School
of Law. I am very grateful to the participants and organizers of Harvard Law
School's Just Food? Forum on Justice in the Food System, especially Emily Broad
Leib, and the Seattle University Law Review symposium, Re-Tooling Food Law. Many
thanks to Justin Marceau for his helpful comments on an earlier draft, and to
Angela P. Harris, Joy Milligan, and Nathan Rosenberg for their important work on
racial discrimination against farmers. I am also indebted to Fem Ann Grether for
her excellent, thoughtful, patient, and persistent research assistance.

 TEXT:
 [*1294]  From a health perspective, the most important change introduced by the
Bill is the reduction of funding for food stamps provided by the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).  n132 The 2014 Farm Bill cut over $ 8
billion from SNAP.  n133 These cuts affected approximately 1.7 million people
across fifteen states, with participants losing an average of $ 90 per month in
benefits.  n134 This loss is particularly significant because food stamps
already do not, by design, cover monthly food expenses.  n135 By forcing
families and individuals to stretch benefits even further than before, these
cuts compel the poor to spend a higher percentage of their food budget on
subsidized processed and junk foods, increasing their risk of suffering from
related health conditions.  n136 The reduction in benefits may also drive
low-income families into cycles of debt that will entrench them further in
poverty and increase their vulnerability to health disparities associated with
socioeconomic class.  n137 More specifically, health experts anticipate that
these cuts will lead to disease-related complications for diabetics, and a
retardation of child and adolescent development.  n138 They also foresee an
increase in food insecurity that will tax the capacity of soup kitchens and
other service providers to the poor.  n139

   On the brighter side, the 2014 Farm Bill does contain some new provisions
intended to increase access to healthy foods, both in federal nutrition programs
and more generally. Several of these new provisions directly affect SNAP
recipients. For example, one new provision allows farmers markets, community
supported agriculture programs, and online retailers to accept food stamp.  n140
Another provides funding for the Healthy Incentives Program Pilot, which
motivates SNAP participants to purchase fruits and vegetables by matching
dollars spent on them, resulting  [*1295]  in an increase in benefits for
individuals who select these healthier foods.  n141 The Food Insecurity
Nutrition Incentive also puts aside grant money for other fruit and vegetable
incentive programs.  n142 Additionally, the Bill implements a minor increase in
requirements for SNAP retailers--including small corner stores--to increase
their offerings of healthy foods to SNAP participants.  n143 The Bill expands
the SNAP Education program to allow participants to use funds for physical
activity.  n144 Finally, perhaps to counter in part the effects of the cuts to
SNAP, the Bill increases funding for The Emergency Food Assistance Program
(TEFAP).  n145

   In schools, the Bill funds a pilot program that introduces beans and lentils
into school lunches.  n146 It also increases access to tribal, kosher, and halal
meals for school children and TEFAP recipients.  n147 For farmers, the Bill
marginally increases funding for a block grant program for specialty crops
--which include fruits and vegetables--and for research and support for
specialty crop farmers. These provisions fall short of subsidizing fruits and
vegetables, but represent a slightly increased level of support for farmers who
grow them.  n148 The Bill also offers some small benefits to organic farmers.
n149 Additionally, it launches a new micro-lending program for farmers and
ranchers, including ones who qualify as  [*1296]  socially disadvantaged.  n150
This program may signal an attempt to reverse the long history of racial
discrimination against minority farmers. To benefit communities, the Bill
expands funding for the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program;
Community Food Projects, including urban agriculture and access to healthy food
in underserved communities; and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which
provides grants and loans to healthy food retail outlets.  n151

   Despite all of these encouraging aspects of the 2014 Farm Bill, however, the
Bill makes no fundamental changes to the basic structure and priorities of
agricultural subsidies. The Bill also harms thousands of families in need
through its cuts to the SNAP program. Therefore, it has an overall detrimental
effect on health that exacerbates existing health disparities and fails to
reverse or mitigate the oppression that arises from farm subsidies.

   V. CONCLUSION: LOOKING AHEAD

   There is no easy or obvious solution to the problem of health disparities
that arise in part from farm subsidies, largely because of the complexity of the
issues involved. Poverty, for example, is one of the most important factors
contributing to health disparities. Poverty is also foundational to the
capitalist system upon which American society is based. Therefore, absent the
dismantling of this system and its replacement with another societal model,
health disparities will likely persist. Similarly, racism is entrenched in both
the history and present structure of the United States so deeply that it may be
impossible to eliminate it from common understandings of how American society
does and should operate.

   Nonetheless, it is possible that incremental steps toward a food policy
framework designed to improve health outcomes and reduce health disparities
could bring about some positive change. For example, the administrative
structure of the USDA is partially responsible for the agency's lack of
commitment to health-related objectives. Problematically, the USDA is a federal
agency tasked with conflicting mandates.  n152 One of its primary tasks is to
protect the agricultural sector, which it does by providing support for
subsidized commodities and their secondary  [*1297]  markets. At the same time,
it is responsible for promoting health and nutrition through the federal Dietary
Guidelines. Unfortunately, under the present farm subsidy system, these two
mandates appear to be irreconcilable. Therefore, the simple act of removing
these conflicting tasks from the agency's purview could result in clearer policy
decisions. Until now, agricultural subsidies have clearly triumphed over health
in the USDA's priorities. If, however, another agency became entirely
responsible for health, perhaps the resulting interagency battles would result
in more victories for health-motivated food policy choices.

   Of all the potential pathways to eliminating food oppression arising from
farm subsidies, the most likely to succeed is a reduction of corporate influence
on food policy. Corporate influence over government decision-making, however,
appears to be gaining, not losing, strength, as evidenced by the Supreme Court
decision in Citizens United and its progeny.  n153

   Eliminating subsidies altogether would have an interesting, if unpredictable,
effect on this problem. It is unclear how the market would drive food
preferences in the absence of subsidies. At the very least, however, future Farm
Bills should remove the secrecy shrouding subsidy recipients to make
accountability more likely. Fruit and vegetable growers should receive subsidies
designed to increase production to the point where American farmers can provide
them at the levels recommended by the federal Dietary Guidelines. These
guidelines should also be free from corporate influence. Food stamp benefits
should reflect need, not satisfy demands for spending cuts, and should therefore
increase, not decrease, until structural reforms designed to reduce poverty and
racism are in place. Lastly, at the very least, the government should provide
public school students with nutritious meals designed to help counter challenges
to healthy eating they might encounter beyond the school day.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawFood & NutritionFood Stamp ProgramBenefit
Overissuances, Reductions & Terminations

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret,
Sunlight FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://sunlightfoundation.com/blog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep-
crop-subsidies-secret/.





n2  See 1 U.S.C. § 1502(c)(4)(B) (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 1502(c)( 1 )(2014).





n3  These include U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher, who collected nearly $ 3.5 million
in subsidies 1999-2012, and Iowa Senator Joni Ernst. Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy
Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y. TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_i=0;, Luke Brinker, Joni Ernst's Family Received Nearly Haifa
Million Dollars in Federal Farm Subsidies, SALON (Jan. 22, 2015),
http://www.salon.com/2015/01/22/joni_emsts
family_received_nearly_half_a_milIion_dollars_in_federal_farm_subsidies/.





n4  The list of billionaires includes Paul Allen, cofounder of Microsoft;
Charles Ergen, cofounder of DISH Network; Philip Anschutz, owner of Anschutz
Entertainment Group and cofounder of Major League Soccer; Leonard Lauder, son of
Estee Lauder and former CEO of the Estee Lauder Companies Inc.; Jim Kennedy,
Chairman of Cox Enterprises; S. Truett Cathy, founder of Chick-fil-A; Leslie
Wexner, CEO of L Brands Inc., which owns Victoria's Secret; Charles Schwab,
founder of brokerage firm Charles Schwab Corporation; Stewart and Lynda Resnick,
owners of POM Wonderful, Fiji Water, and Teleflora; David Rockefeller, Sr.,
former chair and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Bank; and Penny Pritzker,
U.S. Secretary of Commerce. Alex Rindler, Forbes Fat Cats Collect Tax-payer
Funded Farm Subsidies, ENVTL. WORKING GRP. (Nov. 7, 2013),
http://www.ewg.org/research/forbes-fat-cats-collect-taxpayer-funded-farm-subsidi
es.





n5  See, e.g., Debbie Stabenow, Farm Bill Ends Direct Payment Subsidies, U.S.
SENATE COMM. ON AGRIC., Nutrition & Forestry (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.ag.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/farm-bill-ends-direct-payment-su
bsidies. On the other hand, critics point to equal, if not worse, potential for
corruption in the crop insurance programs. See, e.g., David J. Lynch, Fraud
Stealing $ 100 Million Shows Flaws in U.S. Crop Insurance, BLOOMBERG BUSINESS
(Sept. 10, 2013),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-09-11/fraud-stealing-100-million-sho
ws-flaws-in-u-s-crop-insurance.





n6  See 1 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n7  See Andrea Freeman, Transparency for Food Consumers: Nutrition Labeling and
Food Oppression, 41 AM. J.L & MED. (forthcoming 2015).





n8  U.S. Farm Bill: Frequently Asked Questions, SNAP TO HEALTH,
http://www.snaptohealth.org/farm-bill-usda/u-s-farm-bill-faq/ (last visited Mar.
24, 2015).





n9  AMY RADICAN-WALD, CTR. FOR MISS. PUB. HEALTH, FROM FIELD TO FITNESS:
ALIGNING FARM POLICY WITH HEALTH POLICY TO IMPROVE NUTRITION AND HEALTH 5
(2014), available at
http://www.researchgate.net/publication/265125183_From_Field_to_Fitness_Aligning
_Farm_Policy_with_Health_Policy_to_Improve_Nutrition_____Health ("Com was the
most highly subsidized commodity at 44.6 percent, followed by wheat at 24
percent, soybeans at 14 percent, rice at 9.0 percent, grain sorghum at 4.2
percent, and all other food crops (including fruits and vegetables) at 3.9
percent.").





n10  See Chuck Gill, Producers Weighing Dairy Policy Shift in New Farm Bill,
PENN ST. NEWS (Mar. 12, 2014),
http://news.psu.edu/story/307552/2014/03/12/producers-weighing-dairy-policy-shif
t-new-farm-bill ("Another provision in the farm bill established the new,
margin-based Dairy Product Donation Program. Under this program, USDA will
create demand by purchasing dairy products to donate to food banks or similar
nonprofit organizations only if margins fall below $ 4 for two consecutive
months. The purchases will occur for three consecutive months or until margins
rebound above $ 4").





n11  Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 2015, U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS.,
http://www.health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015.asp (last visited May 4, 2015)
("[T]he Dietary Guidelines for Americans is reviewed, updated, and published
every 5 years in a joint effort between the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).").





n12  Dietary Guidelines Consumer Brochure, U.S. Dep'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.choosemyplate.gov/print-materials-ordering/dietary-guidelines.html
(last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n13  Tamar Haspel, Farm Bill: Why Don't Taxpayers Subsidize the Foods That Are
Better for Us?, WASH. POST (Feb. 18, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/farm-biII-why-dont-taxpayers-subsid
ize-the-foods-that-are-better-for-us/20l4/02/14/d7642a3c-9434-11e3-84e1-27626c5e
f5fb_story.html.





n14  SNAP became the new name for the program in 2008. Architects of the name
change intended it to signal the program's focus on participants' nutrition and
transition to healthy lifestyles. RadicanWald, supra note 9, at 6.





n15  See, e.g., LESLIE F. BODEN, GREENTHUMB, GROWING SCHOOL AND YOUTH GARDENS IN
NEW YORK CITY (2009), available at
https://www.nycgovparks.org/sub_aboutlpartners/greenthumb/school_garden_resource
_guide.pdf.





n16  See, e.g., Monica Eng, Most School Garden Produce is Forbidden Fruit in CPS
Lunchrooms, CHI. TRIB. (Oct. 19, 2010),
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2010-10-19/health/ct-met-school-gardens-201_0
1019_1_cps-spokeswoman-monique-bond-chartwells-thompson-school-garden.





n17  See, e.g., School Lunch Menus, VICTORIA ADVOCATE (Feb. 28, 2015, 8:21 PM),
https://www.victoriaadvocate.com/news/2015/feb/28/school-lunch-menus/.





n18  See Andrea Freeman, "First Food" Justice: Racial Disparities in Infant
Feeding, 83 FORDHAM L. REV. 3053 (2015).





n19  George Kent, The High Price of Infant Formula in the United States, 17
AGROFOOD INDUSTRY HIGH TECH. 6 (2006).





n20  See Freeman, "First Food" Justice, supra note 18, at 3061.





n21  SNAP beneficiaries can purchase breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP): Eligible Food Items, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/eligible-food-items (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n22  INST. OF MED., U.S. HEALTH IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE: SHORTER LIVES,
POORER HEALTH (REPORT BRIEF) (2013), available at http://www.iom.edu/
/media/Files/Report%20Files/2013/US-Health-Intemational-Perspective/USHealth_Int
l_PerspectiveRB.pdf ("The U.S. health disadvantage spans many types of illness
and injury. When compared with the average of peer countries, Americans as a
group fare worse in at least nine health areas: 1. infant mortality and low
birth weight 2. injuries and homicides 3. adolescent pregnancy and sexually
transmitted infections 4. HIV and AIDS 5. drug-related deaths 6. obesity and
diabetes 7. heart disease 8. chronic lung disease 9. disability.").





n23  Mary Story et al., Schools and Obesity Prevention: Creating School
Environments and Policies to Promote Healthy Eating and Physical Activity, 87
MILLBANK Q. 71, 73 (2009).





n24  "Race data show that Whites are the largest group of WIC participants (58.2
percent) followed by Blacks or African Americans (19.8 percent)." U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., WOMEN, INFANTS, AND CHILDREN (WIC) PARTICIPANT AND PROGRAM
CHARACTERISTICS 2012: SUMMARY 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/WICPC2012_Summary.pdf. Blacks are
only 13.2% of the U.S. population. State and County QuickFacts, U.S. CENSUS
BUREAU, http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html (last revised Feb. 5,
2015). In 2010, 31.9% of TANF recipients were black and 85.2% were women. See
U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., CHARACTERISTICS AND FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES OF
TANF RECIPIENTS, FISCAL YEAR 2010, at tbl.A (Aug. 8, 2012), available at
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/
ofa/resource/character/fy2010/fy2010-chapl0-ys-final; Z. Fareen Parvez, Women,
Poverty, and Welfare Assistance (Jan. 2009) (unpublished manuscript), available
at http://www.socwomen.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/fact_00-2009-welfare.pdf.





n25  See Andrea Freeman, Fast Food: Oppression Through Poor Nutrition, 95 CAL.
L. REV. 2221, 2221 (2007).





n26  African Americans have a 26% greater incidence of cancer (36% greater for
prostate cancer), while an African American woman is 67% more likely to die of
breast cancer than her white counterparts. African Americans have a 40% higher
incidence of hypertension. Latinas suffer from heart disease at twice the rate
of white women, and African American and Chicanas face a 45% greater incidence
of obesity. Latinos are 53% more likely to suffer from diabetes, African
American men are 69% more likely to suffer from diabetes, and African American
and Native American women face more than two and three times higher rates of
diabetes than white women. John Robbins, Racism, Food and Health,
JOHNROBBINS.INFO (Apr. 18, 2010),
http://johnrobbins.info/blog/racism-food-and-health/.





n27  Latetia V. Moore, Availability of Recreational Resources in Minority and
Low Socioeconomic Status Areas, 34 AM. J. PREVENTIVE MED. 16, 16 (2008)
("Minority neighborhoods were significantly more likely than white neighborhoods
not to have recreational facilities ... Low-income neighborhoods were 4.5 times
more likely to not have facilities than high-income are-as ....").





n28  HENRY J. KAISER FAMILY FOUND., HEALTH CARE AND THE 2008 ELECTIONS I (2008),
available at https://kaiserfamilyfoundation.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/7830.pdf
("At least 1 in 3 nonelderly Latinos (36%) and [American Indians or Alaskan
Natives] (33%) is uninsured, as compared with 22% of African Americans, 17% of
Asian and Pacific Islanders, and 13% of Whites.").





n29  See, e.g., Rob Stein, Race Gap Persists in Health Care, Three Studies Say,
WASH. POST (Aug. 18, 2005),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/08/17/AR2005081701437.
html ("Black Americans still get far fewer operations, tests, medications and
other life-saving treatments than whites ... [B]lacks remain much less likely to
undergo heart bypasses, appendectomies and other common procedures. They receive
fewer mammograms and basic tests and drugs for heart disease and diabetes, and
they have fallen even further behind whites in controlling those two major
killers, according to the first attempts to measure the last decade's efforts to
improve equality of care."); Vanessa Ho, Doctors Treated Black Patients Worse in
UW Study, SEATTLE PI (Mar. 19, 2012, 9:00 PM),
http://www.seattlepi.com/local/article/Doctors-treated-black-patients-worse-in-U
W-study-3419063.php ("Studies have shown that white patients are more likely to
get pain medication--and be in less pain--than minority patients.").





n30  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 3.





n31  Michael Heiligenstein, A Brief History of the Farm Bill, SATURDAY EVENING
POST (Apr. 17, 2014), http://www.saturdayeveningpost.com/2014/04/
17/culture/politics/a-brief-history-of-the-farm-bill.html.





n32  See PETE DANIEL, DISPOSSESSION (2015) (tracing the history of
discrimination against black farmers by the USDA). The first farm subsidies
allowed the white owners of large farms to invest in machines and chemicals,
leading to their growth, while small farms operated by blacks received no
assistance in the quest to modemize. Id. at 9. In 2007, after many years of
documented discrimination against black and Latino farmers by the USDA and other
federal agencies, farm owners were ninety-eight percent white. Dorothy A. Brown,
Race and Class Matters in Tax Policy, 107 COLUM. L. REV. 790, 815 (2007). See
also CIVIL RIGHTS ACTION TEAM, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., CIVIL RIGHTS AT THE UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (1997), available at
http://www.federationsouthemcoop.com/pigford/research/CRAT%20Report%20I997.pdf;
Jim Chen, Of Agriculture's First Disobedience and its Fruit, 48 VAND. L. REV.
1261, 1307 (1995).





n33  A lawsuit challenging this discrimination, Pigford v. Glickman, resulted in
a settlement between the USDA and some minority farmers.  Pigford v. Glickman,
206 F.3d 1212, 1217-18 (D.C. Cir. 2000) (holding that district court did not
abuse its discretion in approving consent decree settling class action for race
discrimination in allocation of federal farm loans because class members bore
the risk that federal regulations might change before execution). See also
DANIEL, supra note 32, at 71, 79 (describing the domination of farm services and
agencies by whites that perpetuated discrimination); Joy Milligan, Protecting
Disfavored Minorities: Toward Institutional Realism, UCLA L. REV. (forthcoming
2016). Farming has one of the highest percentages of white owners in any
American business. Brown, supra note 32, at 815.





n34  Food Distribution: FDD--Histoty and Background, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. (Nov.
12, 2013), http://www.fns.usda.gov/fdd/fdd-history-and-background; RADICAN-WALD,
supra note 9, at 5.





n35  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 15.





n36  Id.





n37  Haspel, supra note 13.





n38  Snejana Farberov, Genesis of a National Plague, DAILY MAIL (July 19, 2013),
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2371051/How-modem-Americas-obesity-epide
mic-began-1950s.html.





n39  See, e.g., OBESITY (Scott Barbour ed., 2011); A.H. BARNETT & SUDHESH KUMAR,
OBESITY AND DIABETES (2004); MABEL BLADES, OBESITY (2005); ALEXANDRA A. BREWIS,
OBESITY (2010); JEFFERY KOPLAN ET AL., PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY: HEALTH IN
THE BALANCE (2005); PROGRESS IN PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY (Jeffrey P. Koplan
et al. eds., 2007); OBESITY (Gerald Litwack ed., 2013); NAT'L INST. OF HEALTH,
CLINICAL GUIDELINES ON THE IDENTIFICATION, EVALUATION, AND TREATMENT OF
OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY IN ADULTS (1998); F. SASSI, ORG. FOR ECON. COOPERATION &
DEV., OBESITY AND THE ECONOMICS OF PREVENTION (2010); David Arterbum, Obesity,
66 AM. FAM. PHYSICIAN 1279 (2002); Richard Barnett, Obesity, 366 LANCET 984
(2005); Per Bj[#xF6]mtorp, Obesity, 350 LANCET 423 (1997); Adam Gilden Tsai &
Thomas A. Wadden, Obesity, 159 ANNALS OF INTERNAL MED. ITC3-1 (2013); David W.
Haslam & W. Phillip T. James, Obesity, 366 LANCET 1197 (2005); Michael Rosenbaum
et al., 337 NEW ENGLAND J. MED 396 (1997); Susan Z. Yanovski & Zack A. Yanovski,
Obesity, 346 NEW ENGLAND J. MED. 591 (2002).





n40  An Epidemic of Obesity: U.S. Obesity Trends, HARVARD SCH. PUB. HEALTH,
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/an-epidemic-of-obesity/ (last
visited Mar. 23, 2015).





n41  Id.





n42  Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., FOOD RES. AND ACTION CENTER,
http://frac.org/initiatives/hunger-and-obesity/obesity-in-the-us/ (last visited
March 24, 2015).





n43  Some critics understand these diagnoses as an indication of a desire for
social control over black and brown bodies. See, e.g., JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING
IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF CAPITALISM (2011); ABIGAIL SAGUY,
WHAT'S WRONG WITH FAT? (2014); Jeanne Firth, Healthy Choices and Heavy Burdens:
Race, Citizenship and Gender in the Obesity Epidemic, 13 J. INT'L WOMEN'S STUD.
33 (2012).





n44  Claudio Nigg, Adolescent At-Risk Weight (Overweight and Obesity) Prevalence
in Hawai'i, 70 HAW. MED. J. SUPP. I, 4 (2011) ("60% of overweight/obese children
show at least one cardiovascular disease risk factor and an estimated 1/3 of all
US children are expected to eventually develop type 2 diabetes... Additionally,
persistently elevated blood pressure occurred approximately nine times more
frequently among overweight/obese children compared to normal weight children.
Overweight/obese children are also more likely to experience negative social and
psychological consequences, including discrimination, stigmatization, and low
self-esteem. If weight gain continues through adolescence, there is a
significantly high likelihood these youth will become obese adults. Obese adults
are at increased risk for the premature development of several chronic diseases,
including heart disease, stroke, osteoarthritis, and various forms of cancer.").





n45  For a description of the debates that delayed the 2014 Farm Bill by two
years, see Neil D. Hamilton, The 2014 Farm Bill: Lessons in Patience, Politics,
and Persuasion, 19 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 1, 9 (2014).





n46  See LET'S MOVE, http://www.letsmove.gov/ (last visited May 4, 2015).
Further, obesity diagnoses are not necessarily grounded in sound medical
practice or research. Body mass index (BMI) provides the measurement of
overweight and obesity. BMI is calculated by dividing a person's weight in
kilograms by that person's height in meters squared, resulting in an estimate of
a "healthy" weight for a person of that height: a measure of less than 18.5 is
"underweight"; 18.5-25 is "normal"; 25-30 is "overweight"; greater than 30 is
considered "obese"; and greater than 40 is seen as "morbidly obese." BMI does
not directly measure body fat. Firth, supra note 43, at 37 n.11. BMI measurement
also fails to take into account individual characteristics such as bone density
and larger physical frames, both of which are often associated with specific
racial groups. Higher bone density and larger frames are associated with being
African American, as is obesity. Bruce Ettinger et al., Racial Differences in
Bone Density Between Young Adult Black and White Subjects Persist After
Adjustment for Anthropometric, Lifestyle, and Biochemical Differences, 82 J.
CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY & METABOLISM 429, 429 (1997). The scientific inaccuracy
of this measurement bolsters suspicions that obesity diagnoses play a role in
society beyond measuring health and implicating relevant treatment. Obesity may
in fact be a socially constructed illness that has little medical meaning aside
from the illnesses and conditions with which it is associated. See Peter Conrad
& Kristin K. Barker, The Social Construction of Illness: Key Insights and Policy
Implications, 51 J. HEALTH & SOC. BEHAVIOR, SUPP. S67 (2010).





n47  Laura Collins, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't Go Far Enough. AM.
ACTION F. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-
go-far-enough.





n48  Id.





n49  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n50  See KING CORN (Mosaic Films 2007).





n51  Since 2005, the Renewable Fuel Standard has required gasoline companies to
blend ethanol with regular gas, raising the price of gas for consumers. See
Robert Bryce, Op-Ed., End the Ethanol Rip-Off, N.Y. TIMES (Mar. 10, 2015),
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/10/opinion/end-the-ethanol-rip-off.html?_r=0.





n52  Tony Dreibus & Jesse Newman, U.S. Farmers Are Up to Their Ears in Corn,
WALL ST. J. (Aug. 17, 2014),
http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-farmers-are-up-to-their-ears-in-corn-1408318910.





n53  Id.





n54  See AICR's Foods That Fight Cancer: Soy, AM. INST. FOR CANCER RES.,
http://www.aicr.org/foods-that-fight-cancer/soy.html (last visited Apr. 22,
2015); Mark Hyman, How Soy Can Kill You or Save Your Life, DRHYMAN.COM (Feb. 25,
2013),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/08/06/how-soy-can-kill-you-and-save-your-life/#clos
e. See also, e.g., Margaret Adgent, Early Life Soy Exposure and Age at Menarche,
26 PAEDIATRIC PERINATAL EPIDEMIOLogy 163 (2012) (finding that feeding of
soy-based infant formula may increase the likelihood of early onset of puberty);
Melissa A. Cimafranca et al., Acute and Chronic Effects of Oral Genistein
Administration in Neonatal Mice, 83 BIOLOGICAL REPRODUCTION 114 (2010) (finding
serum genistein concentrations mimicking those in soy formula-fed human infants
produced estrogenic effects on the organs of mice); Susan Goodin et al.,
Clinical and Biological Activity of Soy Protein Powder Supplementation in
Healthy Male Volunteers, 16 CANCER EPIDEMIOLOGY BIOMARKERS PREVENTION 829 (2007)
(finding that soy protein powder decreases serum testosterone levels in healthy
men by approximately 19%).





n55  Hidden in Plain Sight: Trans Fats Hidden in Many Foods, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.
(May 22, 2015),
http://www.ewg.org/research/hidden-plain-sight/trans-fats-hidden-many-foods.





n56  See Ashley Hayes, Put Down That Doughnut: FDA Takes on Trans Fats, CNN
(Nov. 13, 2013), http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/07/health/fda-trans-fats/#.





n57  A 1995 paper entitled "Trans Fatty Acids and Coronary Heart Disease Risk"
published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is widely considered one
of the first studies to make the link between trans fats and heart disease.
Penny M. Kris-Etherton, Trans-Fats and Coronary Heart Disease, 50 FOOD, SCI. &
NUTRITION 29, 29 (2010).





n58  Haspel, supra note 13 ("Specialty growers supported the rules that, until
now, prevented commodity growers from devoting some acreage to fruits and
vegetables; this year's farm bill allows commodity farmers to use up to 15
percent of their acreage for specialty crops without losing benefits.").





n59  MICHAEL CAROLAN, CHEAPONOMICS: THE HIGH COST OF LOW PRICES 65 (2014).





n60  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 16.





n61  Id. at 1.





n62  INST. FOR AGRIC. & TRADE POLICY, FOOD WITHOUT THOUGHT (2006), available at
http://www.nffc.net/Learn/Fact%20Sheets/Obesity%20and%20Ag.pdf.





n63  Roland Sturm & Ruopeng An, Obesity and Economic Environments, 64 CA: A
CANCER J. FOR CLINICIANS 337, 347 (2014).





n64  See, e.g., Ryan T. Hurt, The Obesity Epidemic: Challenges, Health
Initiatives, and Implications for Gastroenterologists, 50 GASTROENTEROLOGY &
HEPATOLOGY 780, 780 (2010) ("The incidence of obesity has risen in the United
States over the past 30 years; 60% of adults are currently either obese or
overweight. Obesity is associated with a higher incidence of a number of
diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer."); WORLD
HEALTH ORG., OBESITY AND OVERWEIGHT (2003), available at
http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/media/en/gsfs_obesity.pdf ("Increased
consumption of more energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods with high levels of sugar
and saturated fats, combined with reduced physical activity, have led to obesity
rates that have risen three-fold or more since 1980 in some areas of North
America ....").





n65  Studies have shown that increasing fruit and vegetable servings by just two
per day can lower the risk of developing cancer by 4%. Whole-grain and
fiber-intensive diets may reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes, and
hypertension. Consumption of whole grains is also correlated with reduced risk
of obesity and its health consequences. Replacing white rice with brown rice can
reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 16%. Replacing processed grains with whole
grains can reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 36%. Increasing the intake of
fruits and vegetables and other nutrient-rich foods while lowering the intake of
high-fat foods, including fatty meats, significantly reduced the risk of
dementia in patients with Alzheimer's. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n66  The United States Needs 13 Million More Acres of Fruits and Vegetables to
Meet the RDA, ARIZ. ENERGY (July 7, 2010),
http://arizonaenergy.org/News_10/News_July10/The%20United%20States%20Needs%2013%
20Million%20More%20Acres%20of%20Fruits%20and%20Vegetables%2Oto%20Meet%20the%2ORD
A.htm.





n67  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 19.





n68  The USDA's subsidy choices also have an international impact because they
affect trade. See Ag Economy; Trade; Biotech; Farm Bill; Budget; and, Biofuels,
FARMPOLICY.COM (Feb. 2, 2015),
http://farmpolicy.com/2015/02/02/ag-economy-trade-biotech-farm-bill-budget-and-b
iofuels-monday/#more-16865.





n69  Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2245-47.





n70  Jessica Hoffman, Farm Subsidies Overwhelmingly Support White Farmers,
COLORLINES (Jan. 29, 2009),
http://www.colorlines.com/archives/2009/01/farm_subsidies_overwhelmingly_support
_white_farmers.html.





n71  James Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, N.Y. TIMES (July 19,
2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/20/business/richer-farmers-bigger-subsidies.html?
_r=0.





n72  For an analysis of the USDA's policy of dealing with the milk surplus and
its effect on marginalized communities, see Andrea Freeman, The Unbearable
Whiteness of Milk: Food Oppression and the USDA, 3 U.C. IRVINE L. REV. 1251
(2013).





n73  Items eligible for SNAP include breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. For more information, see
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, supra note 21.





n74  See Eleanor Yang Su, School Meals Face Rules on Fat, Meat, Veggies -- But
No Limits on Sugar, CTR. FOR INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING (Oct. 3, 2013),
http://cironline.org/reports/school-meals-face-rules-fat-meat-veggies-%E2%80%93-
no-limits-sugar-5323.





n75  See Alice Park, Banning Sugared Drinks in Schools Doesn't Lower Student
Consumption, TIME (Nov. 8, 2011),
http://healthland.time.com/2011/11/08/banning-sugared-drinks-in-schools-doesnt-l
ower-student-consumption/.





n76  See Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2227.





n77  Health v. Pork: Congress Debates the Farm Bill, 16 GOOD MED. 11, 11 (2007),
available at http://www.pcrm.org/images/gm/autumn2007/gm07autumn.pdf.





n78  McDonald's targets Latino customers through its "Me Encanta" website. See
ME ENCANTA, http://www.meencanta.com (last visited Feb. 27, 2013). African
Americans are targeted through the McDonald's 365 Black website. See 365 BLACK,
http://www.mcdonalds.cotn/365black/en/home.html (last visited Feb. 27, 2013)
("Deeply rooted in the community 365 days a year!").





n79  Jonathan S. Goldman, Comment, Take That Tobacco Settlement and Super-Size
It!: The Deep-Flying of the Fast Food Industry?, 13 TEMP. POL. & CIV. RTS. L.
REV. 113. 118 (2003). This strategy backfired when one of their advertisements
disrespected tamales, a highly valued Mexican food eaten primarily to mark
special occasions. See Adam Chandler, A Briefing on the Eating of Tamales, THE
ATLANTIC (Feb. 5, 2015),
http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2015/02/a-briefing-on-the-eating-of-
tamales/85196/.





n80  See Regina Austin, "Bad for Business": Contextual Analysis, Race
Discrimination, and Fast Food, 34 J. MARSHALL L. REV. 207, 227 (2000).





n81  Id. at 228-29.





n82  SARAH TREUHAFT & ALLISON KARPYN, THE GROCERY GAP: WHO HAS ACCESS TO HEALTHY
FOOD AND WHY IT MATTERS 11 (2010), available at
http://thefoodtrust.org/uploads/media_items/grocerygap.original.pdf ("Beginning
in the 1960s and 1970s, white, middle-class families left urban centers for
homes in the suburbs, and supermarkets fled with them.").





n83  Jeff Smith, Food Justice Discussion Generates Local Campaign Idea, GRAND
RAPIDS INST. FOR INFO. DEMOCRACY (July 15, 2012),
http://griid.org/2012/07/15/food-justice-discussion-generates-local-campaign-ide
a.





n84  Erik Eckholm, Study Documents "Ghetto Tax" Being Paid by the Urban Poor,
N.Y. TIMES (July 19, 2006),
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/19/us/19poor.html?_r=0.





n85  Another factor that contributes to unhealthy eating among the poor is
insufficient storage space for food. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n86  For more information on intersectional identities, see Kimberle Crenshaw,
Mapping the Margins: Intersectionality, Identity Politics and Violence Against
Women of Color, 43 STAN. L. REV. 1241, 1245 (1991); Angela P. Harris, Race and
Essentialism in Feminist Legal Theory, 42 STAN. L. Rev. 581, 585 (1989).





n87  In 2010, 27.4% of African Americans and 26.6% of Hispanics were poor,
compared to 9.9% of whites and 12.1% of Asians. Poverty in the United States,
NAT'L POVERTY CENTER, http://www.npc.umich.edu/poverty/ (last visited Mar. 24,
2015).





n88  See, e.g., MICHELLE ALEXANDER, THE NEW JIM CROW (2012); Michelle Adams,
Separate and [Un]equal: Housing Choice, Mobility, and Equalization in the
Federally Subsidized Housing Program, 71 TUL. L. REV. 413, 413 (1996) ("The
history of racial discrimination and inequality in the federally subsidized
housing program is extensive and well-documented."); Margalynne Armstrong,
Desegregation for Private Litigation: Using Equitable Remedies to Achieve the
Purposes of the Fair Housing Act, 64 TEMP. L. REV. 909 (1991); Gil Kujovich,
Desegregation in Higher Education: The Limits of a Judicial Remedy, 44 BUFF. L.
REV. I (1996); Jesse B. Semple, Invisible Man: Black and Male Under Title VII,
104 HARV. L. REV. 749 (1991); Brando Simeo Starkey, You're an Uncle Tom!: The
Behavioral Regulation of Blacks on the Right Side of the Criminal Justice System
, 15 BERKELEY J. APR.-AM. L. & POL'Y 37 (2013); Peggie R. Smith, Separate
Identities: Black Women, Work, and Title VII, 14 HARV. WOMEN'S L.J. 21 (1991).





n89  See, e.g., LARRY D. PARNELL, TRANSCULTURAL HEALTH CARE: A CULTURALLY
COMPETENT APPROACH 416 (2012) ("[M]ore acculturated Puerto Ricans are changing
their traditional food practices and often follow mainland U.S. dietary
practices."); Andrew R. Carl, Method Is Irrelevant: Allowing Native Hawaiian
Traditional and Customary Subsistence Fishing to Thrive, 32 U. HAW. L. REV. 203
(2009); WORLD HEALTH ORG., DIET, FOOD SUPPLY AND OBESITY IN THE PACIFIC (2003),
available at
hup://www.wpro.who.int/publications/docs/dietfood_supply_obesity.pdf.





n90  See, e.g., EATING ASIAN AMERICA: A FOOD STUDIES READER 326 (Robert Ji-Sun
Ku et al. eds., 2013).





n91  Hawaii has 3.0444 fast food restaurants per 10,000 people as compared to
2.9961 for California and 1.9049 for New York. Kate Bratskeir, The U.S. States
With The Most Fast Food Restaurants Per Capita, Huffington Post (Mar. 6, 2015),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/06/most-fast-food-in-america_n_6808452.htm
l. See also Taina Rosa, The Fast-Food Industry: The Possibility of Market
Saturation and a Scarcity of Premier Locations Aren't Putting a Damper on
Fast-Food Chains' Local Expansion Plans, PUERTO RICO HERALD (Jul. 27, 2005),
http://www.puertorico-herald.org/issues2/2005/vol09n30/CBFastFood.html.





n92  CTRS. FOR DISEASE CONTROL & PREVENTION, NATIONAL DIABETES STATISTICS
REPORT, 2014, at 9 (2014), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pubs/statsreport14/national-diabetes-report-web.pdf
("African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, American Indians, some Asians, and
Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders are at particularly high risk for
type 2 diabetes and its complications.").





n93  Richard S. Cooper, Genetic Factors in Ethnic Disparities in Health, in
CRITICAL PERSPECTIVES ON RACIAL AND ETHNIC DIFFERENCES IN HEALTH IN LATE LIFE
273 (Norman Anderson et al. eds., 2004) ("[B]lack Americans experience higher
rates of all the major causes of death except chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease and liver disease. The excess rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have
long been recognized as being secondary to the high prevalence of hypertension.
. . . Rates of coronary heart disease in blacks now exceed whites. . . . The
black excess is found in all the common forms of cancer except myeloma, and the
differences are particularly marked in the younger age groups.").





n94  Pacific Islander Diet, DIET.COM,
http://www.diet.com/g/pacific-islander-diet (last visited Mar. 23, 2015)
("Anemia, riboflavin deficiency, and calcium deficiency are common nutritional
problems in the rural and urban areas of many islands, while heart disease,
hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and other chronic diseases are on the
rise. This is primarily due to a transition from traditional nutritious diets of
fresh fruits, vegetables, poultry, and seafood to a diet with large amounts of
imported and highly refined Western foods that are low in fiber and high in fat
and sugars.").





n95  See Mark Hyman, Not Having Enough Food Causes Obesity and Diabetes,
DRHYMAN.COM (last updated Sept. 17, 2010),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/09/17/not-having-enough-food-causes-obesity-and-dia
betes/#c lose.





n96  See, e.g., Fast Facts: Obesity and Gender, STOP OBESITY ALLIANCE,
http://www.stopobesityalliance.org/wp-content/themes/stopobesityalliance/pdfs/Fa
stFacts_ObesityandGender5-2010.pdf (last visited Mar. 24, 2015) ("In 2007-2008,
the prevalence of obesity was 32.2 percent among adult men and 35.5 percent
among adult women.").





n97  Marion Nestle, The Farm Bill Promotes Fruits and Vegetables? Really?, FOOD
POLITICS (Mar. 10, 2014),
http://www.foodpolitics.com/2014/03/the-farm-bill-promotes-fruits-an
d-vegetables-really/.





n98  See generally Hamilton, supra note 45.





n99  Alan Bjerga & Julie Bykowicz, Farm Bill Fruitful For Giants, VALLEY NEWS
(Jan. 29, 2014),
http://www.vnews.com/news/nation/world/10428605-95/farm-bill-fruitful-for-giants
.





n100  Id.





n101  See New Farm Bill Contains Massive Taxpayer Handouts to Big Ag, Last
Minute Deal Removed Even Modest Taxpayer Savings, U.S. PIRG (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.uspirg.org/news/usp/new-farm-bill-contains-massive-taxpayer-handouts-
big-ag-last-minute-deal-removed-even.





n102  See David Steinbach, Crop Insurance Figured as Key Issue in Farm Bill
Debate, CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (June 21, 2013),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2013/06/crop-insurance-funding-characterize/;
Robbie Feinberg, Special Interests Heavily Involved in Farm Bill Maneuvering,
CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (Jan. 30, 2014),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2014/01/special-interests-heavily-involved/.





n103  Direct payments to farmers were repealed. See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed);
7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed). They were replaced with two new insurance-based
programs. See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n104  See David Dayden, Farm Bill 2014: It's Even Worse Than the Old Farm Bill,
NEW REPUBLIC (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.newrepublic.com/article/116470/farm-bill-2014-its-even-worse-old-farm
-bill.





n105  A Trillion in the Trough, ECONOMIST (Feb. 8, 2014),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21595953-congress-passes-bill-gives-
bipartisanship-bad-name-trillion-trough.





n106  Romina Boccia, Farm Bill Should End Secrecy in Crop Insurance Subsidies,
HERITAGE FOUND. (July 23, 2012),
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2012/07/2012-farm-bill-and-crop
-insurance-subsidies.





n107  See JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF
CAPITALISM 52-55 (2011) (describing the origin and evolution of the term
"healthism," and crediting sociologist Robert Crawford with originally coining
the phrase).





n108  This view was particularly prevalent and harmful during the AIDS epidemic.
See Elizabeth Fee & Nancy Krieger, Understanding AIDS: Historical
Interpretations and the Limits of Biomedical Individualism, 83 AM. J. PUB.
HEALTH 1477, 1481 (1993).





n109  See, e.g., WOMEN AND HEALTH (Marlene B. Goldman et al. eds., 2d. ed.
2013); JENNIE J. KRONENFELD, SOCIAL DETERMINANTS, HEALTH DISPARITIES AND
LINKAGES TO HEALTH AND HEALTH CARE (2013); SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
(Michael Marmot & Richard G. Wilkinson eds., 2006); SHERI R. NOTARO, HEALTH
DISPARITIES AMONG UNDER-SERVED POPULATIONS: IMPLICATIONS FOR RESEARCH, POLICY
AND PRAXIS (2012); HENRIE M. TREADWELL ET AL., SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
AMONG AFRICAN-AMERICAN MEN (2d. ed. 2012); Jennifer K. Cheng, Confronting the
Social Determinants of Health--Obesity, Neglect, and Inequity, 367 NEW ENGLAND
J. MED. 1976 (2012); Lisa C. Ikemoto, Abortion, Contraception and the ACA: The
Realignment of Women's Health, 55 HOW. L.J. 731,746 (2012); Michael Marmot,
Universal Health Coverage and Social Determinants of Health, 382 LANCET 1227
(2013); Ted Schrecker, Can Health Equity Survive Epidemiology? Standards of
Proof and Social Determinants of Health, 57 PREVENTIVE MED. 741(2013); Margaret
Whitehead & Jennie Popay, Swimming Upstream? Taking Action on the Social
Determinants of Health Inequalities, 71 SOC. SCI. & MED. 1234 (2010).





n110  Adam Benforado, Jon Hanson & David Yosifon, Broken Scales: Obesity and
Justice in America, 53 EMORY L. J. 1645, 1657-58 (2004).





n111  Id. at 1681-85.





n112  Id. at 1694-98.





n113  See VIVYAN CAMPBELL ADAIR, FROM GOOD MA TO WELFARE QUEEN (2000); ANGEMARIE
HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST: THE PUBLIC IDENTITY OF THE WELFARE QUEEN
(2004); DAVID ZUCCHINO, MYTH OF THE WELFARE QUEEN (1997); Rose Ernst, Localizing
the "Welfare Queen" Ten Years Later: Race, Gender, Place, and Welfare Rights, 11
RACE, GENDER & CLASS 181 (2008); Carly Hayden Foster, The Welfare Queen: Race,
Gender, Class, and Public Opinion, 15 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 162 (2008);
Ange-Marie Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform and the Public Identity of the
"Welfare Queen", 10 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 31 (2003); Karen Johnson, Myth of the
Welfare Queen, 25 ESSENCE 42 (1995); Premilla Nadasen, From Widow to "Welfare
Queen": Welfare and the Politics of Race, I BLACK WOMEN, GENDER & FAMILIES 52
(2007); John Blake, Return of the "Welfare Queen", CNN (Jan. 23, 2012),
http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/23/politics/weflare-queen/; Beth Reinhard, The Return
of the Welfare Queen, NAT'L J. (Dec. 12, 2013),
http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/the-return-of-the-welfare-queen-20131212
; Ashley Sayeau, The Myth of the Welfare Queen, NEWSTATESMAN (Aug. 9, 2010, 9:18
AM), http://www.newstatesman.com/society/2010/08/welfare-women-work-coalition.





n114  See Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform, supra note 113, at 31.





n115  Id. at 6-7.





n116  ANGE-MARIE HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST, supra note 113, at 43.





n117  See e.g., RACE, ETHNICITY, GENDER, AND CLASS: THE SOCIOLOGY OF GROUP
CONFLICT AND CHANGE 90 (Joseph F. Healy & Eileen O'Brien eds., 2012).





n118  See e.g., Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y.
TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_r=0; Arthur Delaney, Food Stamp Cuts Backed By Farm Subsidy
Beneficiaries, HUFFINGTON POST (May 23, 2013),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/23/food-stamp-cuts_n_3324418.html; Rachel
Manteuffel, PostScript: Milbank and Snipping SNAP, WASH. POST (July 12, 2013),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2013/07/12/postscript-milba
nk-and-snipping-snap/; Niraj Chokshi, Why the Food Stamp Cuts in the Farm Bill
Affect Only a Third of States, WASH. POST (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2014/02/05/why-the-food-stamp-cut
s-in-the-farm-bill-affect-only-a-third-of-states; Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill
Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret, SUNLIGHT FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
https://sunlightfoundation.comlblog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep
-crop-subsidies-secreti; Boccia, supra note 106; Steinbach, supra note 102;
George Ford, Iowa Farmers: $ 1.3 Billion in Subsidies, THE GAZETTE (Mar. 31,
2014), http://thegazette.com/2012/06/28/iowa-farmers-1-3-billion-in-subsidies.





n119  See At the Trough, ECONOMIST (June 1, 2013),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21578688-awful-farm-bill-faces-oppos
ition-trough.





n120  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649 (2014).
Farmers in the United States received $ 240.1 billion in subsidies during
1995-2009. Food crop commodities received the majority of Farm Bill funding at $
153.5 billion, other farm programs received $ 48.6 billion, cotton subsidies
totaled $ 29.7 billion, and livestock and dairy subsidies were $ 8.3 billion.
RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 4.






n121  Farm Subsidy Primer, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.,
http://farm.ewg.org/subsidyprimer.php (last visited Apr. 23, 2015).





n122  7 U.S.C. § 9014(d)(1) (2014) ("Notwithstanding any other provision of this
chapter, a producer on a farm may not receive price loss coverage payments or
agriculture risk coverage payments if the sum of the base acres on the farm is
10 acres or less, as determined by the Secretary.").





n123  See 7 U.S.C. § 7911(a)(1)(A)--(B) (2002).





n124  The wealthiest farmers with the largest farms receive up to $ 1 million
per year in subsidies while the lower 80% of farmers receive an average of $
5,000 each per year. Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, supra note 71.





n125  RADKAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n126  See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. §
9016 (2014) (Price Loss Coverage); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014) (Agriculture Risk
Coverage).





n127  See 7 U.S.C. § 9015(a)(2014).





n128  Agricultural Risk Coverage (ARC), U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/fbapp?area=home&subject=fmsn&topic=arc (last updated
Mar. 12, 2014).





n129  See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014). For example, the reference price for corn is $
3.70 a bushel and the reference price for soybeans is $ 8.40 a bushel. 7 U.S.C.
§ 9011(18)(B) and (1-1)(2014).





n130  In the case of dairy, the 2014 Farm Bill repealed three major programs.
These include: the Dairy Product Price Support Program (DPPSP), the Milk Income
Loss Contract (MILC), and the Dairy Export Incentive Program (DEIP). The two new
programs are the Margin Protection Program for Dairy Producers (MPP) and the
Dairy Product Donation Program (DPDP). The MPP is a voluntary program that will
pay participating farmers when a national benchmark for milk income divided by
the cost of animal feed (that actual dairy production margin or ADPM) falls
below a certain variable insured level. The DPDP requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to purchase from farmers and distribute approved dairy products when
the ADPM falls below the lowest level specified for the MPP. These dairy
products would be distributed to low-income family and food assistance programs.
See MARIN BOZIC ET AL., DAIRY MKTS. & POLICY, THE DAIRY SUBTITLE OF THE
AGRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 2-3 (2014), available at
http://dairymarkets.org/PubPod/Pubs/ILI4-01.pdf. Meat is widely considered to
have lost out with the 2014 Farm Bill due to the passage of Country of Origin
Labeling (COOL) provisions. See Bill Tomson & Tarini Parti, Plenty of Winners
and Losers in New Farm Bill, POLITICO (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/farm-bill-review-102726.html.





n131  See Mary Ellen Kustin, Falling Crop Prices Mean Big Payouts, ENVTL.
WORKING GRP. (Feb. 25, 2014), http://www.ewg.org/agmag/2014/02/falling-crop
-prices-mean-big-payouts; Craig Cox, ENVTL. WORKING GRP., Bait and Switch on
Steroids, in PUMPED UP: How SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE COULD SWELL FARM SUBSIDIES
(2013), available at http://static.ewg.org/pdf/2013_sco_crop
_insurance_final.pdf.





n132  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 6.





n133  Ed O'Keefe, Farm Bill Passes After Three Years of Talks, WASH. POST (Feb.
4, 2014), http://www.
washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/02/04/farm-bill-passes-after-thre
e-years-of-talks/.





n134  Ron Nixon, Senate Passes Long-Stalled Farm Bill, With Clear Winners and
Losers, N.Y. TIMES (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/05/us/politics/senate-passes-long-stalled-farm-bi
ll.html?_r=0.





n135  See Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., supra note 42.





n136  Studies link inadequate benefits to increased hospital admissions. Id.





n137  See Andrea Freeman, Payback: A Structural Analysis of the Credit Card
Problem, 55 ARIZ. L. REV. 151 (2013).





n138  Doctors Say Food Stamp Cuts Will Result in Higher Healthcare Costs, PBS
NEWS DESK (Jan. 10, 2014),
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/doctors-say-food-stamp-cuts-will-result-in-h
igher-healthcare-costs/.





n139  See Willy Blackmore, More Cuts to SNAP Are Coming, and Food Banks Can't
Cope, TAKE PART (Jan. 24, 2014),
http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/01/24/food-banks-cannot-cope-next-round-sna
p-cuts.





n140  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, STATE OF OBESITY,
http://stateofobesity.org/farm-bill/ (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n141  Clare Fleishman & Nick Green, Market Match Program Encourages EBT Spending
at Farmers Markets, CAL. HEALTHCARE FOUND. (Apr. 25, 2014),
http://centerforhealthreporting.org/article/market-match-program
-encourages-ebt-spending-farmers-markets.





n142  Agricultural Act of 2014: Highlights and Implications: Local and Regional
Foods, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/agricultural-act-of-2014-highlights-and-implications/loc
al-and-regional-foods.aspx (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n143  Sadaf Knight, New USDA Rules Will Require Healthy Foods at Convenience
Stores, SUPPORT CENTER (Mar. 21, 2014),
http://thesupportcenter-nc.org/news/small-business/new-usda-rules-will-require-h
ealthy-foods-at-con venience-stores.





n144  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, supra note 140. See also
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Education (SNAP-Ed), U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program
-education-snap-ed (last visited May 4, 2015).





n145  2014 Farm Bill Highlights, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.usda.gov/documents/usda-2014-farm-bill-highlights.pdf (last visited
Mar. 24, 2015).





n146  Alba J. Collart & Keith Coble, Highlights of the Agricultural Act of 2014
for Specialty Crops, CHOICES (2014),
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/choices-magazine/theme-articles/deciphering-key-p
rovisions-of-the-agricultural-act-of-2014/highlights-of-the-agricultural-act-of-
2014-for-specialty-crops ("[P]ulse products such as dry beans, dry peas,
lentils, and chickpeas, will be incorporated into the National School Lunch and
National School Breakfast programs.").





n147  Meredith Freeman, What Does the Farm Bill Mean For an Urban Community Like
Detroit?, FAIR FOOD NETWORK (Mar. 18, 2014),
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/what-does-farm-bill-mean-urban-community
-detroit.





n148  RENEE JOHNSON, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43632, SPECIALTY CROP PROVISIONS IN
THE 2014 FARM BILL (P.L. 113-79) (2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/R43632.pdf.





n149  Id. at 9.





n150  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
NAT'L SUSTAINABLE AGRIC. COAL. (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n151  Healthy Food Financing Funds, HEALTHY FOOD ACCESS PORTAL,
http://www.healthy foodaccess.org/funding/healthy-food-financing-funds (last
visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n152  For an analysis of how federal agencies tend to approach conflicting
tasks, see Eric Biber, Too Many Things to Do: How to Deal with the Dysfunctions
of Multiple-Goal Agencies, 33 HARV. ENVTL. L. REV. 1 (2009).





n153  Citizens United v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 558 U.S. 310 (2009). See also
McCutcheon v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 134 S. Ct. 1434 (2014); Burwell v. Hobby
Lobby Stores, Inc., 134 S. Ct. 2751 (2014).


                              351 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          November 4, 2015, Wednesday

WVSU Extension Service growing `creepy crops'

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P8P

LENGTH: 283 words


While ghosts, ghouls and goblins were common creepy sights during the recent
Halloween season, the West Virginia State University Extension Service is
focusing its agricultural efforts on "creepy crops.

With a $25,000 grant from the West Virginia Department of Agriculture, youths in
Kanawha, Putnam, Cabell and Pocahontas counties will learn to grow, care for and
harvest a variety of "creepy vegetables.

The project will establish or add to existing school garden sites in the quartet
of counties, allowing youth to learn from and be involved in all aspects of
garden maintenance and production.

"We've had great success in teaching youth about gardening but wanted to try
something a little different, a little more fun, with this project, said WVSU
Extension Agent Jenny Totten in a media release. "We're broadening our scope
with kids by focusing on unusual crops that they may not have been exposed to
before.

Black radishes, purple carrots and golden beets are among the specialty crops
children will plant at the school gardens. The project's goals are to increase
interest in agriculture among West Virginia's young people, as well as increase
access to healthy, locally grown vegetables.

"We want children to be able to grow and eat their own food, and also be able to
recognize more varieties of vegetables at farmers markets and in grocery stores,
Totten said. "The more educated our young people become about healthy food
options, the more likely they'll be to include them in their diet.

Eleven projects, totaling nearly $240,000, were awarded through the WVDA's
Specialty Crop Block Grant program, which helps to develop production and
increase demand for specialty crops in West Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              352 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          November 4, 2015, Wednesday

WVSU Extension Service growing `creepy crops'

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P8P

LENGTH: 283 words


While ghosts, ghouls and goblins were common creepy sights during the recent
Halloween season, the West Virginia State University Extension Service is
focusing its agricultural efforts on "creepy crops.

With a $25,000 grant from the West Virginia Department of Agriculture, youths in
Kanawha, Putnam, Cabell and Pocahontas counties will learn to grow, care for and
harvest a variety of "creepy vegetables.

The project will establish or add to existing school garden sites in the quartet
of counties, allowing youth to learn from and be involved in all aspects of
garden maintenance and production.

"We've had great success in teaching youth about gardening but wanted to try
something a little different, a little more fun, with this project, said WVSU
Extension Agent Jenny Totten in a media release. "We're broadening our scope
with kids by focusing on unusual crops that they may not have been exposed to
before.

Black radishes, purple carrots and golden beets are among the specialty crops
children will plant at the school gardens. The project's goals are to increase
interest in agriculture among West Virginia's young people, as well as increase
access to healthy, locally grown vegetables.

"We want children to be able to grow and eat their own food, and also be able to
recognize more varieties of vegetables at farmers markets and in grocery stores,
Totten said. "The more educated our young people become about healthy food
options, the more likely they'll be to include them in their diet.

Eleven projects, totaling nearly $240,000, were awarded through the WVDA's
Specialty Crop Block Grant program, which helps to develop production and
increase demand for specialty crops in West Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              353 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          November 4, 2015, Wednesday

WVSU Extension Service growing `creepy crops'

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P8P

LENGTH: 283 words


While ghosts, ghouls and goblins were common creepy sights during the recent
Halloween season, the West Virginia State University Extension Service is
focusing its agricultural efforts on "creepy crops.

With a $25,000 grant from the West Virginia Department of Agriculture, youths in
Kanawha, Putnam, Cabell and Pocahontas counties will learn to grow, care for and
harvest a variety of "creepy vegetables.

The project will establish or add to existing school garden sites in the quartet
of counties, allowing youth to learn from and be involved in all aspects of
garden maintenance and production.

"We've had great success in teaching youth about gardening but wanted to try
something a little different, a little more fun, with this project, said WVSU
Extension Agent Jenny Totten in a media release. "We're broadening our scope
with kids by focusing on unusual crops that they may not have been exposed to
before.

Black radishes, purple carrots and golden beets are among the specialty crops
children will plant at the school gardens. The project's goals are to increase
interest in agriculture among West Virginia's young people, as well as increase
access to healthy, locally grown vegetables.

"We want children to be able to grow and eat their own food, and also be able to
recognize more varieties of vegetables at farmers markets and in grocery stores,
Totten said. "The more educated our young people become about healthy food
options, the more likely they'll be to include them in their diet.

Eleven projects, totaling nearly $240,000, were awarded through the WVDA's
Specialty Crop Block Grant program, which helps to develop production and
increase demand for specialty crops in West Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              354 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: By Alia Wilson awilson@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 489 words


The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35 years ago are
now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database of local food throughout the
state, which is updated annually. The print and online guides reach at least
150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements
atsadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visitfacebook.com/CAFF.SCV andcaff.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

Farm bill extension offers little help for Kern growers

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


Jan. 03--Kern County dairies benefited some but local growers of specialty crops
such as grapes and nuts received little direct help from Congress' vote this
week to extend the 2008 Farm Bill until Sept. 30.

The extension came Tuesday night as part of a deal to avert the "fiscal cliff"
array of tax increases and spending cuts. While it provided limited support that
should prevent a spike in milk prices, the deal essentially gave Congress nine
more months to come up with reforms some say are still needed.

Notably for Kern growers, the extension offers no funding for the federal
government's specialty crop block grant program, which last year provided
California $19 million for things like pest control, crop research and overseas
marketing assistance.

"That money will not be available until there's a new five-year farm bill," said
Rayne Pegg, manager of the California Farm Bureau Federation's federal policy
division.

The farm bill is one of Washington's more complex pieces of periodic
legislation. Typically renewed with bipartisan support every five years, it
provides financial assistance to farmers of "program crops" including wheat,
corn, cotton and rice. Historically it has also funded food stamps and land
conservation and helped farmers obtain crop insurance.

Failure to pass a comprehensive farm bill before the 2008 bill's Sept. 30
expiration has been widely attributed to election year politics. Ag industry
representatives and some politicians said that's a shame because of bipartisan
reforms proposed in versions passed by the Senate and the House Committee on
Agriculture.

"There was time to get this done; there was time to have put together a bigger
deal; there was time to pass a 5-year Farm Bill," said House Ag Committee member
Rep. Jim Costa, D-Fresno. "But we didn't because far too many of those serving
in this institution lack the will to put the country first and partisan
interests last."

Rep. Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield, has said he tried, unsuccessfully, to
pressure the House's Republican leadership to hold a vote on the bill. McCarthy
spokeswoman Mariana Diez said the congressman was unavailable Wednesday, but
that he "is continuing to work on a long-term solution" for the bill.

Rob Vandenheuvel, general manager of the Milk Producers Council, said that
Tuesday's action will prevent what would have been an imminent spike in milk
prices. But he quickly added that it does nothing to address the need to change
a federal profit margin insurance program used by large dairies.

"The leadership clearly has no problem kicking this can down the road," he said.
"But that doesn't mean we're not going to fight like crazy to get a full,
five-year farm bill passed over the spring and summer."

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130103-BK-Farm-bill-extension-offers-little-help-for-Kern-growers-0103-2013010
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian


                              356 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: By Alia Wilson awilson@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 567 words


The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35 years ago are
now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database of local food throughout the
state, which is updated annually. The print and online guides reach at least
150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

"The timing of the grant couldn't be better," Matt Landi, New Leaf Community
Markets produce director, said in a press release. "New Leaf has worked with
CAFF, their Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing campaign and to purchase from their
farmer members for many years on the Central Coast. We have recently opened a
new store in San Jose and will be opening another this spring in Pleasanton. We
are excited to showcase the local agriculture grown in the Santa Clara Valley"

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements
atsadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visitfacebook.com/CAFF.SCV andcaff.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (photo Jacqueline Ramseyer/SVCN/April 2, 2013) James Connors, chef and
wine buyer for Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale, incorporates many
locally-sourced ingredients like rainbow chard, heirloom tomatoes, and corn into
the bistro's menu.
(photo Patrick Tehan/Bay Area News Group/August 13, 2011) Volunteer Marty
Stuczynski is seen here tending to young corn plants at Full Circle Farm in
Sunnyvale back in 2011. Community Alliance with Family Farmers (CAFF) was
recently awarded a grant to help launch its "Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara
Valley" campaign, their first agricultural campaign to promote local growers in
the Silicon Valley.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             March 13, 2016, Sunday

FOOF Notes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P12F

LENGTH: 1536 words


Fruit tree workshop

INSTITUTE - West Virginia State University (WVSU) Extension Service will present
a workshop to help landowners properly maintain fruit trees on at 10 a.m.
Wednesday at the WVSU campus orchard, 5000 Fairlawn Ave. Pre-registration is
required, along with a $5 registration fee.

The workshop is designed for all experience levels. It will focus on all aspects
of fruit tree care and upkeep. Instruction will be followed by a hands-on
demonstration of proper pruning. To register, contact Brad Cochran at
304-541-3301 or bcochran2@wvstateu.edu

Corned beef and cabbage dinner

RONCEVERT - The longest running St. Patrick's Day tradition in the Greenbrier
Valley, the annual corned beef and cabbage dinner will be from 4 to 7 p.m.
Thursday in the parish hall of St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church, 407
Walnut St.

The meal of corned beef, cabbage, potato salad, hard rolls, dessert and drink
will be served by members of the church and its mission, St. Louis, King of
France, of Lewisburg and volunteers from St. Charles Borromeo and the Alleghany
Highlands Council 8689 Knights of Columbus.

Take out and eat-in dinners will be available for $10 adults; $5 (children 5-12)
and free for those under 5. This year, take out service will be available
through a drive-thru arrangement in the parking lot off Greenbrier Ave. behind
the church.

Proceeds from the St. Patrick's Dinner go toward church projects and to support
area charitable needs. For additional information, contact the Office of the
Catholic Churches of the Greenbrier Valley at 304-536-1813.

Stein & Dine

PARKERSBURG - The Blennerhassett Hotel will have its next Stein & Dine at 6:30
p.m. Thursday. The event will feature Irish-inspired dishes from Spats and brews
from Greenbrier Valley Brewing Company.

The cost is $50 per person and does not include tax or gratuity. Reservations
are required. Overnight packages are available. Call 304-422-3131 for
reservation.

A menu is available online at theblennerhassett.com.

St. Patrick's Day Celebration

LEWISBURG - The French Goat, 111 S. Lafayette St., is teaming up with Greenbrier
Valley Brewing Company for a special four-course dinner on St. Patrick's Day.
The cost is $45 per person not including tax or gratuity. Reservations are
required. Call 304-647-1052.

Winter Blues North Farmers Market

MORGANTOWN - The Winter Blues North Farmers Market will be from 4 to 7 p.m.
March 24 at Ruby Community Center in Mylan Park, 500 Mylan Park Ln.

The entry fee is $2, which goes towards Empty Bowls Monongalia. A pay-as-you-go
Local Foods Dine Around will occur during the event.Visit
www.morgantownfarmers.org for more information.

Mountain State Maple Day

Saturday is Mountain State Maple Day, featuring 15 maple producers from all
across West Virginia who will open their doors to the public. You can sample the
goodness, sit down for a maple meal, and purchase your favorite maple
merchandise.

The WV Maple Syrup Festival in Grant County is also taking place on Saturday.
For more information on Mountain State Maple Day, visit agriculture.wv.gov. To
view a map of the maple syrup events, log on to http://gotowv.com/maplesyrup.

Gritt's Farm open house

BUFFALO - Gritt's Farm, 356 Gritt Rd., will hold an open house from 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. April 2. The day will include farm tours, mixed flower basket making
workshop and discussions on 2016 CSA memberships.

The cost for the workshop is $30 and includes coffee, food samples, fresh made
doughnuts and all materials needed for basket making except gloves.please bring
gloves from home if you prefer to use them.

RSVP by emailing events@grittsfarm.com or purchase your tickets in advance at
grittsfarm.ticketleap.com.

Farm tours are free. There is no no obligation to sign up for a CSA membership
while attending the open house. Visit grittsfarm.com or call 304-937-2565 for
more information.

CSA memberships available

HUNTINGTON - Spots are still available for The Wild Ramp CSA beginning Friday
through May 20. The cost is $265 per standard share (feeds two people).

Meat and vegetarian options are available. Both options include produce, cheese,
dairy products and the occasional value-added item.

Pick up is from 3 to 6 p.m. each Friday at The Wild Ramp, 555 14th St. W. Call
304-523-7267 or email info@wildramp.org for more information.

2016 WV Specialty Crop Block Grants

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is now accepting project proposals
for the 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The deadline to apply is March
28.

The grant program, funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and administered
by the WVDA, gives specialty crop growers the opportunity to learn new
techniques, test them out, and share their knowledge with other producers.

Those applying for a grant must deal with a specialty crop such as fruits,
vegetables, horticulture products, tree nuts, herbs and spices, maple syrup,
honey and Christmas trees, among others.

Products explicitly excluded are livestock, eggs, corn, soybeans and other
commodity type crops. All projects must focus on industry related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops.

The program is available to groups and organizations that qualify to receive
grant funding but cannot be used to fund individual farms or enterprises. Visit
agriculture.wv.gov or call 304-558-3708 for more information.

Cupcake fundraiser

HUNTINGTON - Paula Vega Cake, 308 9th St., is donating $1 to the Ronald McDonald
house for each of the specially flavored "Ronald's Favorite Cupcake purchased
throughout March. Call 304-972-2253 for more information.

Ramp dinner

BUCKHANNON - Dale Hawkins and Teresa Lipps of Fish Hawk Acres will host a
community ramp dinner at 6 p.m. Saturday at Mountain View Event Center, 2
Billingsley Dr. Tickets are $35 per person for adults, $12.50 for children 12
and under, free for children under six. Tables of eight are also available for
$250. Call 304-473-7741 to make reservations.

Grill class

HURRICANE - The Greenhouse of Teays Valley, 3554 Teays Valley Road #105, will
have its first grill class of the year from 4 to 7 p.m. March 26. The cost is
$45 per person. Space is limited. Call 304-397-6316 for more information.

1863 Grill cooking classes

ELKINS - 1863 Grill, 830 Harrison Ave., is continuing its series of winter
cooking classes throughout March and April. Classes include:

-Grilling at 6 p.m. March 21. Cost is $50 per person.

-Desserts at noon April 2. Cost is $40 per person.

-Sushi making at noon April 9. Cost is $60 per person.

-Mother sauces at noon April 16. Cost is $40 per person.

Class sizes are limited. Visit www.1863grill.com/winter-cooking-classes or call
304-637-1863 for more information.

Tamarack Dinner Theatre

BECKLEY - Tamarack, One Tamarack Park, will present "Murder at the USO at 6:30
p.m. Friday and Saturday and "The Country House at 6:30 p.m. April 8 and 9 as
part of the 2016 Tamarack Dinner Theatre Series. The cost is $48 per person.
Visit www.tamarackwv.com or call 304-256-6843 for more information.

Murder mystery tickets

Tickets are on sale for the next murder mystery dinner theatre, to be held April
8 at 7 p.m. at Blossom Dairy, 904 Quarrier St. Tickets are $50 per person and
includes dinner, sushi preparation and show. Call 304-204-2455 for more
information.

Chef's Challenge tickets

Tickets for Covenant House's signature fundraiser, Chef's Challenge, are on sale
now. The cost is $100 per person. The event will be held from 5:30 to 8 p.m.
April 5 at the Charleston Civic Center.

Seven local celebrity chefs from across the state will prepare a multi-course
meal with ingredients typically found in the Covenant House Food Pantry. There
will also be a silent and live auction and a drawing for an original Mark
Blumenstein sculpture called "House, which he created specifically for Chef's
Challenge. Online tickets for the "House drawing may be purchased for $10. The
winner will be announced during the dinner on April 5. You must be present to
win. Visit http://bit.ly/ChefsChallenge2016 for more information or call Angie
at 304-344-8053 x22.

East End St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl

Crawl between five East End pubs near the intersection of Washington St., East
and Elizabeth St. from 6 to 11 p.m. on Saturday and three more pubs at the
corner of Leon Sullivan Way and Lee St. from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. and enjoy food
and drink specials, live music, the Shamrock Challenge with prizes, a Pub Crawl
T-shirt and drink koozie and more. Tickets are $20. Pre-registration is open
until March 13 at 11:59 p.m. Visit http://charlestoneastend.com/events for more
information.

Uncork & Create classes

Uncork & Create Kitchen, 1031 Quarrier St., has cooking classes scheduled
throughout the month of March:

-Sushi-Making 101, with Chef Mandy Gum, will be from 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. Friday.
The cost is $55 per person.

-Flavors of Italy: Pasta Making, with Chef Mandy Gum, will be from 6:30 to 9:30
p.m. on March 25. The cost is $65 per person.

Visit www.uncorkandcreate.com or call 304-552-3331 for more information or to
register.

Capitol Market events

Registration is open for Capitol Market's Green Chili Shoot-out and 2016 Fox
Trot for Parkinson's Research, scheduled for March 19. Visit capitolmarket.net
or call (304) 558-0185 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              358 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Ames Tribune, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Local organization receives $24,000 grant from IDA

BYLINE: Grayson Schmidt, Ames Tribune, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


Oct. 15--Thanks to a $24,000 grant from the Iowa Department of Agriculture and
Land Stewardship, the Ames-based Practical Farmers of Iowa will be able to
enhance collaborative on-farm research and farmer-to-farmer knowledge sharing of
successful specialty crops in Iowa.

According to PFI Horticulture Program Coordinator Liz Kolbe, the organization
applied for the grant in April, and received word that it had been awarded the
$24,000 several weeks ago. PFI has applied for and received the grant for the
past several years and used the money for various projects. This year's grant,
she said, will be used to provide funds for farmers to do research on their
farms and then share that knowledge with other farmers across the state.

"On-farm research is important to continuing our fruit and vegetable research in
Iowa," Kolbe said. "A huge part of our mission is continuing to have farmers
committed to and involved in our research."

Kolbe said that of the $24,000, roughly $11,000 will be used for personnel,
while the rest will be used for areas such as fringe benefits, travel and
supplies, meetings, webinars, research reports, on-farm research participation
for farmers, and various other uses. She said the grant will fund around 26
farmer research projects.

Through all of the public awareness and press releases, the organization hopes
to reach somewhere in the neighborhood of 75,000 individuals, Kolbe said.

"This program has been a really great supporter of Practical Farmers (of Iowa)
in some of our different projects, specifically on fruit and vegetable farming,"
Kolbe said. "This particular project is very supportive of our on-farm research
and farmer to farmer knowledge sharing."

Practical Farmers of Iowa was one of 12 Iowa projects or organizations that the
IDALS saw as enhancing the competitiveness of specialty crops grown in the
state. The Department received a total of $296,723.25 from the USDA Agricultural
Marketing Service through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, with $24,000
being the most allocated to any organization.

According to Dustin Vande Hoef, spokesman for the Iowa Department of Agriculture
and Land Stewardship, the Department created a stakeholder group to help
identify priorities in the program, and a review committee to help decide which
organizations deserve the funding.

"The idea is for projects to benefit the competitiveness of specialty crops as a
whole, so they cannot be used to directly benefit a particular product or
provide profit to a single organization, institution, or individual," Vande Hoef
said. "Generally it's the crops defined as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including flowers."

With Practical Farmers of Iowa applying and receiving this grant almost every
year, he said that they are a prime example of the type of organization that is
committed to the enhancement of specialty crops in the state.

"Certainly Practical Farmers of Iowa is an organization that has a long history
of helping farmers figure out ways to create added profit, and try new things on
their farms to create new streams of income for their producers," Vande Hoef
said. "They have a good understanding of what issues farmers are facing."

Kolbe said while many other grants want organizations to come up with new
projects each year, this one allows for consistency, which helps ensure that
their long-term plan's success.

"One of the things that's hard with other grants, is that they want something
really new every year," Kolbe said. "And while this grant does ask you to not be
duplicative of work that you have already done, it's something we are confident
that we can apply to every year, and allows us to have some consistent funding
for our longer term strategic plan."

___ (c)2015 the Ames Tribune, Iowa Visit the Ames Tribune, Iowa at
www.amestrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151015-1AT-Local-organization-receives-24,000-grant-from-IDA-1015-20151015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AT


                          Copyright 2015 Ames Tribune


                              359 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

Federal farm bill to impact potato, dairy, blueberry industry in Maine

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1126 words


PRESQUE ISLE, Maine -- President Barack Obama on Friday signed a $956 billion
farm bill that is expected to give a boost to farmers in Maine but includes cuts
to the food stamp program.


Obama signed the bill at Michigan State University during a speech in which he
spoke of the benefits of a thriving agricultural sector for the nation's overall
economy. Lawmakers passed the legislation this week after four years of
contentious arguments over farming subsidies and efforts by Republicans to
reduce financing for food stamps.


The final bill replaces direct crop payments with an insurance program and trims
$8 billion from food stamps over the next decade, which is much less than the
$40 billion cut some Republicans had called for. In Maine, it provides $30
million for the Farmers Market Promotion Program, which gives federal grants to
improve or expand farmers markets, community-supported agriculture and other
direct-to-consumer programs. It provides $13 million to help farmers cover the
costs of certifying their crops as organic. It also expands the capability of
recipients of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits, also known as
food stamps, to use their electronic benefit transfer cards for purchases at
farmers markets and through community-supported agriculture programs, among
other things.


Walt Whitcomb, commissioner of Maine's Department of Agriculture, Conservation
and Forestry, said Friday afternoon that his department is still reviewing the
lengthy bill. He said there are pieces in the legislation that will both benefit
and hurt the state.


Sen. Susan Collins voted against passage of the bill, even though she admitted
supporting some elements of it, such as funding for agricultural research,
conservation and forestry programs. She said much of her decision rested on the
fact that it lacked support for Maine's dairy farmers.


"Once one of Maine's most important agricultural industries, just 287 dairy
farms remain in our state today, and they are threatened because of the way the
Department of Agriculture sets dairy prices," Collins said in a statement. "I
authored a provision that was supported by Maine's dairy farmers and originally
included in the Senate-passed farm bill last year that would reform this
process. Unfortunately, this provision was not included in the final bill.


"In addition, this bill does not do enough to cut massive, wasteful taxpayer
subsidies for large agri-businesses in the South and West that come at the
expense of small, family farms in the Northeast," she added. "While family
farmers struggle to make ends meet, this bill leaves in place loopholes that
allow multimillionaire agri-businesses to receive subsidies at taxpayer
expense."


Sen. Angus King voted to support the bill, but he added he was disappointed SNAP
was cut by $8 billion. He said he was "particularly frustrated that the final
bill does not include Sen. Collins' provision to initiate a process to
restructure the outdated milk-pricing system, which continues to negatively
impact Maine's small dairy farmers." But he added that the former food stamp
program could have been cut by $40 billion, which he called "unacceptable."


"Farmers across Maine, including our apple, blueberry and potato growers, will
benefit from the increased funding for specialty crop block grants, while
additional funding for the Farmers Market Promotion Program will support local
farmers as they strive to provide healthy, locally grown foods through the
thriving farmers' market movement in Maine," he said.


U.S. Rep. Mike Michaud also supported the bill, even though he said it was not
"perfect."


"It contains provisions that are critical to our crops, including potatoes, and
it makes a historic investment in conservation programs," he said in a
statement. "It's also a boon to our state's organic farmers and continues
support for Maine's growing biomass industry."


Michaud said the farm bill contains a 55 percent increase in new resources
dedicated to important potato industry priorities, including funding for
specialty crop research, specialty crop block grants and money to promote U.S.
agriculture in foreign markets.


Tim Hobbs, director of development and grower relations for the Maine Potato
Board, was happy with those provisions of the measure.


"The bill contains the most significant government investment ever in the
specialty crop industry of which the Maine potato industry is a part," he said.
"The Maine potato industry appreciates the role that Rep. Michaud has played in
moving this important piece of legislation forward."


U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree voted against the bill, even though she said it
included a number of "local-foods" and organic-crop initiatives she had fought
to secure for years. Pingree said that the bill cuts food stamps for the
neediest families, doesn't do enough to create real reform to crop subsidy
programs and creates loopholes that guarantee income for big agri-businesses.


"This farm bill is a real missed opportunity," Pingree said. "Subsidies for the
biggest farms were protected, while help for struggling families was cut. Even
bipartisan provisions that would have created real reform in crop subsidy
programs were stripped out of this bill at the eleventh hour -- and loopholes
that would allow the largest agri-businesses to collect almost unlimited
payments were included."


Pingree said she wanted to support the bill, but in the end, found it "just too
much of a giveaway to corporate special interests."


Whitcomb also said he found a number of aspects of the bill troubling, including
what he felt were important reforms that were included in the original Senate
bill. He said that entitlement and natural resource programs widely used in
Maine were curtailed, while subsidies to wealthy farmers, particularly in the
southern and western regions of the country, were not.


"It's equally disappointing that House and Senate conferees did not accept the
provision that Sen. Collins authored that would have begun a process for
examining the flawed federal milk pricing system, which is extremely important
for all Maine dairy farmers," he said.


But for those who grow blueberries, officials felt the bill would be helpful.


David Bell, executive director of the Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine, was
happy to see it passed.


"The farm bill is particularly important to the rural economy of Maine," he
said. "For example, 60,000 acres of wild blueberries bring over $250 million per
year into the state and support over 2,500 jobs. The Specialty Crop Title of the
farm bill will help support University of Maine research and Cooperative
Extension education to help growers improve the sustainability of their crop --
and our Maine economy."


The Reuters news agency contributed to this report.




LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              360 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                          The Oskaloosa Herald (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

New Hope Community awarded grant

BYLINE: Angie Holland, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


Nov. 07--OSKALOOSA -- New Hope Community, Inc., has been awarded a grant that
will help grow the organization's mission.

New Hope Community has been helping people for around ten years. The mission is
to "strengthen families," said Blaine Vos. "We have a thrift store and we also
have programming and nutrition for young families, and the Kiwanis Bible program
is held there once a week."

The Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship awarded grants to 12
Iowa projects, of which New Hope Community was one. "They administer federal
money into the local level for a specialty crop block grant, meaning it's not
for common row crops or livestock. It's mainly aimed at a specialty market;
growing vegetables, berries, things of that nature."

"One of the major reasons we were included in the funding is that we are passing
information on," said Vos. "We are a demonstration site. People can come in and
participate in how a hoop building actually operates."

The process to apply for the grant was a competitive one. Out of 20 applicants,
12 were chosen. "It was a process where we first submitted our goals and
demonstrated how we can produce those outcomes, and demonstrate fiscal
responsibility." Following the submission process was review stage, both at the
state level and with the USDA.

The $22,643 grant will allow New Hope Community to build a hoop building. Hoop
buildings are "basically an unheated greenhouse that retains ground warmth, and
it is also enclosed so sunlight will be captured," said Vos. "What is does is it
adds a month. You can start planting early, reap a month late. They're also
known as a high tunnel."

When the grant money has been received by the organization, "We will make all
phases of construction, planting and production available to people in the
community so they can come help out with the building, participate in the
gardening aspect and the reaping," said Vos. "It is 76 x 32 and that gives us a
lot of production that we can use like an extended version of a community
garden. People can volunteer and earn produce that way."

New Hope Community will be having meetings in the months to come to discuss the
building. "We will continue to enhance local food systems with this as a
demonstration site." In addition to bringing in money to the Oskaloosa
community, "we're making learning an important part of it. People can learn how
to make a high tunnel if they have the space," said Vos. "They can learn about
the cost effectiveness of growing local food, the hands-on physical aspect of
gardening and the financial aspect of growing local food."

--Herald staff writer Angie Holland can be reached at aholland@oskyherald.com
and followed on Twitter @OskyAngie.

___ (c)2015 The Oskaloosa Herald (Oskaloosa, Iowa) Visit The Oskaloosa Herald
(Oskaloosa, Iowa) at www.oskaloosa.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151107-XZ-New-Hope-Community-awarded-grant-1107-20151107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XZ


                      Copyright 2015 The Oskaloosa Herald


                              361 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 81 words


PIERRE, S.D. (AP) - The state Department of Agriculture says grants are
available for projects that enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops such
as fruits, dried fruits, tree nuts, vegetables and nursery plants.

The money comes through Congress' Specialty Crops Block Grant Program and can be
used for a variety of projects. They include "buy local" campaigns, promotion
and increased consumption, product market development and enhancing trade.
Grants available for specialty crops

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Cramer - USDA Announces $96 Million Available for Local Food, Specialty Crops
and Farm to School Efforts

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Kevin Cramer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Kevin Cramer announced the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
made available $96 million in grants for new and innovative projects increasing
access to new markets as well as providing American families greater nutritional
options.

"The USDA grants will help local communities and families have access to a
greater variety of nutritious food in the lunchroom and around the dining table.
These efforts will help our farmers expand into new markets in the United States
and across the globe," said Cramer.

The grant programs administered by the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State
Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food
Promotion Program which covers two types of grants: the Farmers Market Promotion
Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP). Also included in the
announcement is the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School
Program grants designed to assist eligible entities in implementing farm to
school programs that improve access to local foods in eligible schools.

Over $63.2 million in SCBGP grants are allocated to U.S. States and territories
based on a formula that considers both specialty crop acreage and production
value.  Interested applicants should apply directly through their State
department of agriculture. A listing of state contacts and application due dates
can be found at www.ams.usda.gov/scbgp.

The FSMIP provides $1 million in matching funds to State departments of
agriculture, state colleges and universities, and other appropriate state
agencies. Funds will support research projects that address challenges and
opportunities in marketing, transporting, and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program provides a combined total of
$26.6 million divided equally between its two grant programs.  The FMPP provides
$13.3 million to support projects for direct farmer-to-consumer marketing
projects such as farmers markets, community-supported agriculture programs,
roadside stands, and agritourism.  The LFPP offers $13.3 million in funds for
projects that support intermediary supply chain activities for businesses that
process, distribute, aggregate, and store locally- or regionally-produced food
products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Upper Peninsula Farmers

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for Upper Peninsula
farmers and producers across the state. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award nearly $2 million to
support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the state, which is a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food. These projects include support for potato growers throughout the region.
For a complete list of Michigan projects, please visit USDA's website here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for West Michigan Agriculture

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced critical support for West Michigan
farmers and producers across the state. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will award nearly $2 million to
support 30 Michigan specialty crop projects throughout the state, which is a
direct result of the 2014 Farm Bill's significant investment in locally grown
food. These projects include support for apple, asparagus, blueberry, grape,
cherry, Christmas tree, potato, floriculture, and nursery growers throughout the
region. For a complete list of Michigan projects, please visit USDA's website
here.

Chairwoman Stabenow said: "One of my top priorities was making sure the 2014
Farm Bill had major support for the fruits and vegetables we grow in Michigan,
which gives families better access to local food options and supports our
economy. Today's announcement is great news for Michigan farmers who will have
additional tools and resources to help promote and sell their products to
consumers, protect their crops from pests and disease, and develop better
production practices."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Utah food news: #HashtagLunchbag event coming to Salt Lake City

BYLINE: By Kathy Stephenson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Food; Features

LENGTH: 458 words


Salt Lake holds Hashtag Lunchbag event

Give back to those in need by participating in Salt Lake City's first Hashtag
Lunchbag event of the year. Participants will assemble and bag sandwiches to
feed 150 people. Donations of socks, scarves and beanies are encouraged during
the event, sponsored by sponsored IM Nutrition - Food is Our Friend, Sustainable
Startups and Even Stevens Sandwiches. A small group of friends in Los Angeles
used social media to launch Hashtag Lunchbag on Christmas day 2012. Since then,
more than 100 cities have hosted #HashtagLunchbag events around the globe.

When - Sunday, Feb. 21, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.

Where - Sustainable Startups, 340 E. 400 South, Suite 50, Salt Lake City

Cost - $10 suggested donation. Visit
eventbrite.com/e/hashtag-lunchbag-slc-tickets-21066708091

Details - email info@foodisourfriend.com

Specialty crop grants available

Utah farmers and food producers who want to increase production and availability
of fruits and vegetables can apply for a federally-funded Specialty Crop Block
Grant. Individual producers as well as organizations and associations can apply
for a portion of the nearly $275,000 that is available this year through the
Utah Department of Agriculture and Food (UDAF). Grants to improve marketing,
promotion, education, research and trade of fruits and vegetables, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture, will be accepted. Grant
applications and instructions available at ag.utah.gov. Proposals are due April
29.

Four February wine dinners

Learn more about wines from California and Idaho during one of these upcoming
dining events:

Wednesday, 6:30 p.m. - Arpad Molnar with Poseidon Vineyard and Obsidian Ridge
Winery in California's Napa, Carneros and Mendicino wine regions will host
dinner at the Shallow Shaft Restaurant in Little Cottonwood Canyon, 10199 E.
Hwy. 210, Alta. Dinner is $60, optional wine pairings are an additional $65.
Call 801-742-2177 for reservations.

Thursday, 6:30 p.m. - The Silver Fork Lodge and Restaurant hosts a five-course
dinner paired with wines from Caymus Vineyards. Dinner is $30, optional wine
pairings are an additional $50. Call 801-533-9977

Saturday, 6:30 p.m. - Winemaker Melanie Krause and husband Joe Schnerr, from
Cinder Wines in Idaho's Snake River Valley, will talk about viognier,
tempranillo and syrah during a dinner at The Lodge Bistro at Snowbird Ski &
Summer Resort in Little Cottonwood Canyon. Dinner $69, optional wine pairings
are an additional $30. Reservations 801-933-2145, ext. 3042.

Wednesday, Feb. 24, 7 p.m. - Chef David Wagner, of Salt Lake Pizza and Pasta,
1063 E. 2100 South, will prepare five courses, each one matched by a different
wine. Cost is $50 per person. Call 801-484-1804 for reservations.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FARM BILL DESCRIBED AS 'REAL WIN' FOR FLORIDA

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Facing a presidential veto, the House passed a five-year, $290 billion farm bill
Wednesday that would provide new federal support for specialty crops and
additional benefits for the domestic sugar industry.

The 318-106 vote exceeded the 291 votes needed to override a presidential veto
if all members are present. Bush has said he will veto the bill because of
widespread subsidies in the legislation.

The Senate also is considering the bill, which the two houses have labored over
for past six months, and a vote could come today.

Supporters said the bill would reform payments to farmers and provide more
support for specialty crops, alternative energy, conservation and food
assistance to the poor.

Critics argued it did not go far enough to reform the subsidy program.

The bill also would increase spending on food stamps and other forms of food
assistance by $10 billion, expand the school snack program for low-income
students to all 50 states and boost cellulosic ethanol research and production.
Cellulosic energy is produced from byproducts of food production, such as cane
stalks and orange peels.

The bill also would provide nearly $8 billion for conservation, including $1.4
bill for wetlands preservation.

Rep. Tim Mahoney, D- Palm Beach Gardens, the only member of the Florida
congressional delegation on the House Agriculture Committee, praised the bill
and said its cellulosic ethanol section "means more jobs for our state."

Mahoney said he is pleased that the bill did not require any tax increases or
additional federal debt.

Mike Stuart, president of the Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association, noted that
the bill has more than $2.5 billion for specialty crop programs including
research, promotion, disease protection and increased competitiveness.

Florida would receive about 11 percent of the $466 million designated for state
specialty crop block grants over five years, the second-highest portion after
California.

"It's a real win for the state of Florida," Stuart said.

~larryl@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 10, 2009 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Americans: Eat your veggies

BYLINE: The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 528 words


Feb. 10--This decision is real "preachy." The dollar amount is not what is
significant.

It is what the decision says about the Obama administration's promotion of a
healthy diet for Americans.

Last month, the new head of the U.S. Department of Food and Agriculture reversed
a last-minute move by the Bush administration to transfer $3.8 million out of
grants for "specialty crops" and into enforcement of country-of-origin labeling
rules -- the so-called COOL program.

"Specialty crops" include such things as peaches, nuts, grapes, oranges and
vegetables many grown in California's Central Valley.

A farm bill approved last year over President Bush's veto expanded federal block
grants to support and promote fruits and vegetables (considered "specialty crops
") to $466 million over 10 years.

But as the Bush administration prepared to leave office, it grabbed $3.8 million
of this money for a retail survey, training, auditing and the hiring of
temporary workers to implement COOL.

California growers were furious not so much about the actual dollars, but about
the lack of support for their industry and the promotion of a healthy diet.

In one of his first acts, President Obama's new agriculture secretary, former
Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack, reversed the decision.

"It is clear from what President Obama has indicated to me, that he wants this
department to promote nutrition through the use of healthy fruits and
vegetables, and so we are withdrawing that rescission so that those resources
can be made available," he said.

Fruit and vegetable growers considered expansion of the grant program one of
their big victories in the farm bill.

Robert Guenther, vice president of the United Fresh Produce Association, told
The Sacramento Bee that growers raised "holy heck" when the grant program was
raided by the Bush administration in its dying days.

Specialty crop grants are used in a variety of ways. For example, the University
of California, Davis, studied walnut orchards; the California Sustainable
Winegrowing Alliance studied greenhouse gas emissions; and the California School
Nutrition Foundation set up salad bars in California schools.

The COOL program requires the labeling of beef, lamb, pork, fish, perishable
agricultural commodities, and peanuts that come from outside the U.S.

In his confirmation hearing earlier this month, Vilsack praised the farm bill
that former President Bush opposed. The bill also includes $1 billion to
purchase fruits and vegetables for school snacks in all 50 states, the promotion
of specialty crops overseas and federal support for organic agriculture.

Vilsack and Obama are correct to encourage Americans to eat a healthy diet and
support the growers who produce the fruits and vegetable central to that diet.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090210-BK-EDITORIAL-Americans-Eat-your-veggies-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                              368 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 26, 2013, Thursday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 475 words


W.Va. joins other states with 'First Day' hikes

Four West Virginia state parks have scheduled New Year's Day hikes to encourage
people to get outdoors.

Participating in 2014 are Kanawha State Forest, Blackwater Falls State Park,
Cacapon Resort State Park and Pipestem Resort State Park.

Last year, more than 22,000 people hiked more than 43,910 miles in state parks
across the country.

Massachusetts began offering First Day Hikes in its parks more than 20 years
ago, and the National Association of State Park Directors has issued a challenge
to other states. Officials say 50 state parks across the country are set to
participate.

Was this webbed? NO - from late Tuesday, but did not make it in Wednesday's
paper

W.Va. post specialty crop grant online survey

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is asking farmers and consumers to
weigh in on its Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

Officials say that the state is expected to be given an additional $210,000 to
be distributed during a competitive grant process beginning in January.

Agriculture Commissioner Walt Helmick says the online survey gives farmers and
consumers the chance to weigh in on the projects that are most important to
them.

Since 2009, the program has awarded more than 100 projects and more than $1.1
million into development of the West Virginia specialty crop industry.

In addition to fruits and vegetables, the program supports value-added products,
honey, maple syrup, nuts, as well as landscape and nursery products.

Accident temporarily closes Dunbar Toll Bridge

A single-vehicle accident shut down the Dunbar Toll Bridge for about half an
hour Wednesday, a Metro 911 dispatcher said.

The accident happened just before 4:30 Wednesday afternoon, and blocked both
lanes of the bridge. The bridge re-opened just after 5 p.m.

The driver, a man, was taken to the hospital with injuries, the dispatcher said.

Was this webbed? NO - from late Tuesday, but did not make it in Wednesday's
paper

AG warns consumers of Target-related scam

West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey is warning consumers about a
credit card and identity theft scam following Target's recent data breach.

Retailer Target said last week that data connected to about 40 million credit
and debit card accounts was stolen between Nov. 27 and Dec. 15.

Morrisey says consumers who shopped at Target during this time should closely
monitor their accounts and report fraudulent or suspicious purchases.

Consumers also may receive calls, texts, or emails from someone claiming to be
from Target asking for Social Security numbers, credit card numbers and other
personal information.

Morrisey says the best thing for consumers to do if they receive fraudulent
communications from someone alleging to be affiliated with Target is to hang up
and call Target to confirm the communication is legitimate.

- from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              369 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2010 Sunday

Ag notebook for Feb. 14

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


Feb. 14----Farm store ... The American Farmland Trust opened an E-Commerce store
during the 2009 holiday season. The store features its first line of products
with the No-Farms-No-Food message.

American Farmland Trust said it plans introduce new items throughout 2010 at
www.zazzle.com/americanfarmland.

--Organic survey ... The USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service has
released the results of the 2008 Organic Production Survey, which shows there
are 220 certified organic farms in Colorado with an average size of 700 acres.

Of those, 34 percent have been in organic production for less than 10 years.
That includes farms that were exempt from certification. To be exempt, a farm
must follow organic standards and have less than $5,000 in annual sales.

Total value of organic product sales in the state was $70.2 million with crops,
including nursery and greenhouse, making up 54 percent of those sales.

More information is available at www.agcensus.usda.gov or by calling the
Colorado field office at (800) 392-3202.

--Poultry meeting ... The monthly Weld County 4-H Poultry meeting will be 6:30
p.m. Monday at the Bunk House in Island Grove Regional Park. The topic will be
poultry health and disease prevention featuring Dr. Kristy Pabalonia and Sarah
Millonig with The Colorado Avian Disease Surveillance Program at Colorado State
University.

For more information contact the Weld County Extension office in Greeley (970)
304-6535 or go to www.weld4h.org.

--Wheat varieties ... Hatcher was the most popular wheat variety seeded in
Colorado for the 2010 crop, according to the Colorado office of USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service, which said 26.5 percent of the state's crop was
planted to that variety last fall.

In Weld County, Hatcher was planted on 25.3 percent of the acreage planted.

The other top five varieties in the state, in order, were Ripper (12.5 percent),
TAM 111 (7.5 percent), Jagalene (6.8 percent ) and Prairie Red (5.6 percent).
The top five seeded varieties accounted for 58.9 percent of the acreage planted,
compared with 61.7 percent for the 2009 crop.

Ripper was the second most popular in Weld, followed by Bond CL, Above, Jagger
and TAM 111.

There were 15 varieties planted for the 2010 crop that constituted more than 80
percent of the total acreage planted. Other or unknown varieties made up 18.3
percent, the service said.

An estimated 2.4 million acres were seeded for the 2010 crop.

--Specialty crops ... Proposals for the Specialty Crops Block Grant Program are
due to the Colorado Department of Agriculture by March 1. Specialty crops are
defined as fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, and nursery crops, including
floriculture and sod.

The grant program is funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which
partners with state departments of agriculture to enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crop producers in areas such as marketing, promotion, education,
research, trade and nutrition. Colorado is expected to receive more than
$760,000 to distribute in the state.

For more information, go to www.colorado.gov/ag/specialtycropgrant or call (303)
239-4116.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100214-GY-Ag-notebook-for-Feb-14-0214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2010 Greeley Tribune


                              370 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Cantwell Hails Senate Passage of Farm Bill That Could Make School Meals
Healthier

LENGTH: 1366 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) hailed the Senate's passage of the
Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 (S. 954). Cantwell supported the
legislation, which was approved by a vote of 66-27. The bill now moves to the
House for consideration.

Cantwell has been a leading Senate voice calling for passage of a farm bill to
support agriculture jobs in Washington state and around the nation. In 2012, she
and Senator Mike Johanns (R-NE) led a bipartisan letter with 44 senators urging
action on a farm bill.

Cantwell recently called for passage of the Farm Bill during a statewide tour
that included a stop in Seattle. She visited Dearborn Park Elementary school in
Seattle's Beacon Hill neighborhood to highlight how her 'Pulse School Pilot'
amendment in the Farm Bill could make school meals healthier by integrating
pulse crops - which include peas, lentils and chickpeas - into breakfasts and
lunches.

"We are one step closer to having more high-fiber, high-protein options for
school lunches with the new Pulse School Pilot program," said Cantwell. "Lots of
beans, lentils and chickpeas added to school lunches could provide healthier
food options for kids. And a new research program in the Farm Bill will also
help us come up with new food products made out of these super-foods. The
bipartisan passage of this Farm Bill is a win-win for Washington state: it means
jobs for our agriculture producers and keeps our students healthy and ready to
learn."

Cantwell's Pulse School Pilot provision would provide the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) $10 million through 2017 to purchase pulse crops to use in
school breakfasts and lunches. This could include raw beans and lentils as well
as foods made from pulse crops, such as hummus. Flours made from pulse crops
could also be added to breads, tortillas and pastas to enhance their nutritional
value.

At the conclusion of the Pulse School Pilot, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
would determine the program's effectiveness by measuring increases in student
consumption of pulse crops, identifying pulse crops students prefer and
determining how pulse crops change nutritional levels in school meals. The Pulse
School Pilot is modeled after the successful 2008 Whole Grains Pilot program,
which helped the USDA purchase five million pounds of whole grain pancakes and
tortillas for schools.

"Passage of the 2013 Farm Bill by the U.S. Senate moves us one step closer to
the reforms we need to address the changing needs of U.S. Agriculture and the
citizens we serve," said Tim McGreevy, CEO of the USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council.
"The American Pulse Association and the USA Dry Pea and Lentil Council are
especially pleased that the Senate bill includes the establishment of the Pulse
Health Initiative (PHI) in the research title and the School Pulse Food Pilot
(SPFP) program in the nutrition title. Passage of these two measures sends a
message that the U.S. Senate is serious about finding solutions to the Obesity,
Global Food Security and Sustainability issues facing this nation and the global
community.

"The Pulse Health Initiative will increase research on pulse crops -- dry beans,
peas, lentils and chickpeas -- which are recognized as low-cost, nutrient-dense
foods that could positively impact the health of our citizens and our
environment," McGreevy continued. "The School Pulse Food Pilot program would
introduce these healthy pulse crops to our school age children which are
struggling with epidemic increases in obesity.  We are pleased that the Senate
has completed its work and we look forward to the House passing the farm bill in
the near future as well."

The 2013 Farm Bill also includes Cantwell's Pulse Health Initiative, which would
support $25 million per year over five years in pulse crop health research to
help increase public demand and drive job growth. The research would look into
the health and nutrition benefits of pulse crops, including their ability to
reduce obesity and associated chronic diseases. The initiative would support
technical expertise to help food companies use nutrient-dense pulse crops in
their products as well as establish an educational program to encourage the
consumption and production of pulse crops.

"We applaud the U.S. Senate for its approval of a new Farm Bill," said Christian
Schlect, President of the Northwest Horticultural Council. "This legislation
will help ensure that our state's apples, pears, and cherries growers--as well
as our nation's general economy--will  continue to benefit from important
federal agricultural research, export marketing programs, and general
nutritional assistance. Senator Cantwell's active support of this long-awaited
measure is much appreciated."

Washington state is the top chickpea producer in the nation - producing nearly
half of the nation's total - and third in the nation for pea and lentil
production. Pulse crop production in the state supports thousands of jobs -
including those in transportation, port facilities, equipment manufacturers,
crop advisors, insurance, supplies and other services. Washington state has
1,000 farm families producing pulse crops. The value of pea, lentil and chickpea
shipments handled via the Seattle/Tacoma Port District reached nearly $130
million in 2011 - up from roughly $5 million in 2001.

Chickpea acreage in Washington state has exploded from less than 10,000 acres in
the year 2000 to nearly 80,000 acres in 2012. According to the USA Dry Pea &
Lentil Council, Washington state's acreage of dry peas, lentils and chickpeas
increased 20 percent from 2010 to 2011. A main driver of increased demand for
chickpeas in the last decade has been increased demand for hummus. Retail sales
of hummus are projected to increase to $250 million in 2013, up from $192
million in 2007 and $5 million in 1997. This increase has supported thousands of
jobs in Washington state, including at 22 processors in Eastern Washington.

Other key provisions in the Senate Farm Bill for the state of Washington
include:

Specialty Crop Research: The bill would for the first time make a long term
investment in the Specialty Crop Research Initiative and the Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program. WSU has received Specialty Crop Block Grant investments to
develop new planting and harvesting methods for tree fruit to help increase crop
yields and protect workers. The Economic Research Service estimates that for
every $1 invested in publicly funded research, $10 of economic activity is
generated.

Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program:  The Senate farm bill provides
$100 million of mandatory funding over 5 years up from $33 million over 5 years.
The program helps improve and expand farmers markets, and local food
infrastructure. The Washington State Farmers Market Association in Seattle
received a grant in Fiscal Year 2012 to train market managers, support wireless
food stamp technology at farmers markets, and study the use of food stamps at
farmers markets.

Market Access Program: The Senate Farm Bill would invest $200 million a year in
MAP, which the Washington Apple Commission has used to reach consumers and
businesses in India. These efforts increased the number of Washington apples
being sold there from a few thousand cartons to a record 3.3 million cartons
worth over $61 million last season.

Washington's wine industry has also used MAP to boost overseas sales. The
Washington State Wine Commission secured MAP investments that helped the
commission bring around 65 international wine buyers to Washington state for
tours, seminars and tasting. More than 15 countries are usually represented on
this tour according to the Washington State Wine Commission. Participating
wineries have developed export opportunities in Scandinavia, Canada and China.

Cantwell has consistently supported these programs to help Washington state
farmers and producers stay competitive. On July 8, 2012, Cantwell joined local
farmers at a farmers' market in Seattle to highlight the benefits of the Farm
Bill for Washington state.

For further information please visit: http://www.cantwell.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 12, 2017 Sunday

Local agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 214 words


Pork production workshop planned in Dodgeville

DODGEVILLE, Wis. - A pastured pork production workshop will be held from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. Saturday, April 1, in the Iowa County Health & Human Services
Building, 303 W. Chapel St.

Three speakers will be featured during the day to discuss the topic. The
workshop is $25 per person. The registration deadline is March 24.

For more information, go to iowa.uwex.edu, send an email to
ene.schriefer@ces.uwex.edu or call 608-930-9850.

Applications accepted for grant program

DES MOINES - The Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship is
accepting applications for grant funding through the Specialty Crop Block Grant
program.

The grants are available to support projects that enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops grown in Iowa, according to a press release.

Iowa agencies, universities, institutions, and producer, industry and
community-based organizations are eligible to apply for funding. In addition,
organizations, institutions and individuals are encouraged to participate as
project partners.

Grant awards will be considered up to a maximum of $24,000 and projects can have
a duration of up to 30 months.

Proposals must be received by IDALS by 4 p.m. Monday, April 3. For more
information, visit tiny.cc/oqcojy. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      The Reporter (Vacaville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Solano County supervisors to hear good news

BYLINE: Melissa Murphy, The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Dec. 13--Solano Grown, an effort to promote locally grown produce, continues to
grow in its marketing strategy with the help of more funding from the state.

A grant application sent in June to the California Department of Food and
Agriculture was successful and Solano County was awarded $50,000.

"This grant builds upon the marketing education and branding framework that has
already been developed and moves to area-wide advertising," county staff
explains in a report to the Board of Supervisors, who will hear about the
program when they meet today in Fairfield.

Goals in the grant include increasing awareness of the specialty crops produced
by local growers to both area residents and into surrounding communities, using
billboards, newspapers and radio advertisements.

The funds received will be used during the course of about three years to
advertise specialty crops produced in the county. The Solano County Agriculture
Department plans to use $20,000 in fiscal year 2011-12, $23,000 in fiscal year
2012-13 and $7,000 in fiscal year 2013-14.

Today, the supervisors will consider authorizing Solano County Agricultural
Commissioner Jim Allan to sign an agreement accepting the $50,000 and to
transfer $20,000 for the Specialty Product Block Grant, "Solano Grown Marketing"
program costs in fiscal year 2011-12.

Solano Grown first sprouted in 2009 when the United State Department of
Agriculture awarded Solano with $51,106 in funding for the purpose of
establishing

a direct market program for its crops.

That money, according to staff was used to "establish a logo and market brand to
differentiate Solano County agricultural products, development of a website
highlighting local agricultural producers, educational events for local growers
focused on direct marketing techniques and the purchase and distribution of
promotional products highlighting the brand and increase visitation and
awareness of local food suppliers in the local community.

"These objectives have been met and Solano Grown is moving forward as a
recognized organization within the community, supporting economic viability for
local farmers and ranchers," staff said in the report.

Additionally, supervisors will receive a presentation on the performance
measures of the Farmers Market Promotion Program and authorize Allan to sign a
four-year trademark license and property transfer agreement with the county and
Solano Grown.

The Solano County Board of Supervisors meets at 9 a.m. in the County Government
Center, 675 Texas St., Fairfield.

___ (c)2011 The Reporter (Vacaville, Calif.) Visit The Reporter (Vacaville,
Calif.) at www.thereporter.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111213-VA-Solano-County-supervisors-to-hear-good-news-1213-20111213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VA


                          Copyright 2011 The Reporter


                              373 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces New Specialty Crop Grants for Virginia

LENGTH: 887 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced more than $503,000 in grant funding
for fifteen agriculture-related projects. The grant funding will promote and
enhance the competitiveness of Virginia&rsquo;s specialty crops and create more
economic development opportunities across the Commonwealth.  The project awards
resulted from a competitive grant process established by the Virginia Department
of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) for United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty Crop Block Grant
funds.





 &ldquo;Like any industry, agriculture depends on quality research and data to
remain competitive in a 21st Century economy,&rdquo; said Governor McAuliffe.
&ldquo;These grants represent more than a half-million dollar investment in
Virginia&rsquo;s economy that will boost economic development and create jobs in
our agriculture sector, furthering our work to build a new Virginia economy.  I
congratulate these organizations and educational institutions for pursuing
innovative research that will help enhance marketing opportunities and food
safety for growers across the Commonwealth.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;Today&rsquo;s announcement is good news for Virginia agriculture and
helps bolster the Governor&rsquo;s efforts to keep the industry at the forefront
of his overall economic development strategic plan,&rdquo; said Secretary of
Agriculture and Forestry Todd Haymore.  &ldquo;These projects, including several
impacting our fast growing craft beverage sector, highlight Virginia&rsquo;s
diversified agricultural interests and the potential opportunities for future
economic development those interests provide across a board geographic
footprint.&rdquo;



 The Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004 authorized the USDA to provide
funds to the states to promote specialty crops including fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits and nursery crops.  When considering grants for the USDA
Specialty Crop Program, VDACS gave priority to projects that included the
following activities:



     Assisting farmers transitioning into specialty, high-value agricultural
initiatives that address the eligible specialty crops;

     Increasing net farm income through high-value or value-added enterprises;

     Finding new ways to market or add value to specialty agricultural products;
and

     Developing pilot and demonstration programs in specialty agriculture that
have the potential for transferability within rural Virginia.



 Specialty crops including apples, berries, herbs, hops, nursery products,
pears, wine grapes, and more will benefit from the grants.  Other grants focus
on food safety, training, marketing, pollinators, and plant diseases or on
production research for specific geographical areas.  Grants range from $12,000
to $45,300 per applicant.  VDACS awarded grants totaling $503,828 to the
following recipients and projects:



     Balancing Microbial Safety and Disease Management of Virginia Fresh Herbs -
Virginia Tech, Eastern Shore of Virginia AREC, Painter

     Bringing New Technology to Southwest Virginia Apple Producers: Establishing
a High Density Demonstration Orchard - Virginia Tech, Southwest Virginia AREC,
Abingdon

     Developing Markets and Processing Capacity for Specialty Crop Seconds and
Value Added Products - Appalachian Sustainable Development, Abingdon

     Enhancing the Food Safety and Quality of Virginia Grown Cucurbits -
Virginia Tech, Eastern Shore of Virginia AREC, Painter

     Establishment of Green Tea Production in Northern Virginia -Virginia Tech,
Winchester AREC, Winchester

     Establishment of The Vine to Wine Co-op to Reduce Overall Grape and Wine
Production Costs and Enhance the Competitiveness of the Virginia Wine Industry -
Virginia Wineries Association Cooperative, Richmond

     Evaluating Foliar Nutrients Effects on Fruit Quality and Yield of Two New
Blackberry Cultivars - Virginia Tech, Hampton Roads AREC, Virginia Beach

     Facilitating Coriander and Fenugreek Production in Virginia - Virginia
State University, Ettrick

     Increasing Yield of Virginia-grown Hops (Humulus lupulus L.): Nutrient
Management and Selection for Disease Resistance - Virginia State University,
Ettrick

     Injury Potential from 2,4-D and Dicamba Spray and Vapor Drift onto
Vegetable and Nursery Crops - Virginia Tech, Hampton Roads AREC, Virginia Beach

     Integrated Peer-to-Peer Training and Community Outreach to Improve Growing,
Marketing and Consumption of Specialty Crops on Virginia&rsquo;s Eastern Shore -
Eastern Shore Resource Conservation and Development Council, Painter

     Making Food Safety Accessible and Affordable for Virginia Farmers -
Appalachian Sustainable Development, Abingdon

     Strengthen and Develop Asian Pear Market in Virginia - Institute for
Advanced Learning and Research, Danville

     Sustainable Development of Native Mason Bee Populations for Berry
Pollination - Old Dominion University Research Foundation, Norfolk

     Understanding Species Complex and Infection Process of Anthracnose and Ripe
Rot Pathogens - Virginia Tech, Winchester AREC, Winchester



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Business briefs: Trade magazine honors Spotsylvania salon

BYLINE: Cathy Jett, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Feb. 13--Virginia Baptist Homes has received the Center for Medicare and
Medicaid Services highest overall Five-Star Quality Rating for its four licensed
nursing homes, including Culpeper Baptist Retirement Community.

The rating system is a tool for consumers, families and caregivers to compare
nursing homes. It has become the standard for evaluating nursing homes in the
United States.

According to U.S. News, on any given morning in 2014, approximately 1.4 million
individuals, including one in every 34 individuals 65 and older, received care
in a U.S. nursing home.

As of January 2014, fewer than 25 percent (3,867 of the 15,800) of nursing homes
in the U.S. earned an overall rating of five stars.

Magazine honors Spotsylvania salon

Salon Today magazine has named Tulip Salon & Spa in The Village at Towne Centre
as one of its Salon Today 200.

It is one of only three salons in the state of Virginia to receive this award,
and one of 119 Aveda salons in the country to be recognized in the industry
publication's January issue.

Tulip Salon & Spa received the recognition in the marketing, retail
merchandising and growth categories. Salons could be honored in more than one of
the magazine's 11 categories.

"Tulip's Salon & Spa has been very fortunate to experience steady growth, even
in a fragile economy," said Priscilla Priebe, who co-owns the salon with Ralph
Priebe. "Receiving this prestigious award is such an honor and could not have
been achieved without the dedication of talented team members and the support of
loyal guests and the community."

Workforce now series to be held in March at GCC

Workforce NOW will hold a professional development series in March at Germanna
Community College Workforce & Technology Center in Spotsylvania.

The sessions, which will run from 8 to 9:30 a.m., will be:

March 2: "Creativity in the Workplace," facilitated by Bob Kenney

March 9: "Basic Business Writing," facilitated by Jennifer Gregory

March 16: "Maximize Your Relationship With Your Boss," facilitated by Kenney

March 23: "Dealing with Difficult People," facilitated by James Potter

March 30: "Effective Decision Making," facilitated by Ray Gill

Tickets are $25 per session for Fredericksburg Regional Chamber of Commerce
members and $50 each for non-members. Those who complete the series will receive
a Continuing Education Unit from Germanna.

To register, go to fredericksburgchamber.org or call 540/373-9400.

Specialty crops grants available

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services in accepting
applications for federal grants benefiting specialty crops.

Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance.

The Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty Crop Block Grant is offered through
the United States Department of Agriculture.

Agricultural associations, industry groups, community-based organizations, and
producer groups that seek to improve the competitiveness of specialty crops in
Virginia are eligible to submit proposals for grants up to $60,000 per project.

VDACS anticipates administering nearly $565,000 in funds for the development of
specialty crop projects. The deadline for returning applications is April 2.

Guidelines, instructions and the application for the grants are available at
vdacs.virginia.gov/marketing/scrop.shtml (click on Application Form to apply),
via email to Melissa Ball at melissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov, or at VDACS, 102
Governor St., Richmond, VA 23219.

Cathy Jett: 540.374-5407

cjett@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2015 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150213-FB-Business-briefs-Trade-magazine-honors-Spotsylvania-salon-0213-201502
13

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2015 The Free Lance-Star


                              375 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

Community calendar (April 16-20)

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 665 words


Today

New Mexico Department of Agriculture is hosting two workshops at 10 a.m. Tuesday
at NMDA, 3190 S. Espina St., in Las Cruces, and at 9 a.m. April 25 at the Santa
Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo de Peralta, in Santa Fe.

The workshops are to help potential applicants understand the Specialty Crops
Program and the process for completing an application that best represents their
proposed project. Funds are made available through USDA's Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program. Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24. Info:
nmda.nmsu.edu or 575-646-4929.

The Silver City Rotary Club will meet at noon today in the Sunset Room, Student
Cafeteria, WNMU Student Center. The club invites members of the local business
and professional community to join them for a good lunch and conversation and an
opportunity to check out what Rotary is all about. Info: Linda Telaak,
575-534-1135.

Alzheimer's and Dementia Care Givers Support Group will be meet from 1 to 3 p.m.
today at the Silver City Senior Center, 205 W. Victoria St. Info: 575-388-2545.

Wednesday

Music at the Public Library's Storytime at 10 a.m. Wednesday at the Silver City
Public Library, 515 W. College Ave. British Isles music program for kids by the
Desert Larks Early Music Ensemble. Info: 575-538-3672.

Thursday

Mule Creek Adobe "Builders Breakfast" will take place from 6 to 11 a.m. Thursday
at Mule Creek Adobe, 258 Arenas Valley Road. Mule Creek Adobe shows off their
new showroom and gives demonstrations of its adobe techniques.

The Celtic/Folk/World music duo Four Shillings Short present a multi-cultural
educational concert "Around the World in 30 Instruments" with two concerts
performances Thursday at the Silver City Public Library, 515 W. College Ave.
There will be a performance just for children at 10 a.m. and an all-ages concert
at 5:30 p.m. Info: 575-538-3672.

Friday

Western Institute for Lifelong Learning Reflections of an Artist series will
host author, Monette Bebow-Reinhard with a reception and book signing at 5 p.m.
and lecture from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., followed by a question-and-answer Friday at
the WNMU Global Resource Center, 12th and Kentucky streets. Her book "Tracking a
Pre-Contact Copper Industry Trade Network" is an exploration of the pre-historic
copper tooling and trading and its effect on culture in the Americas. Free.
Info: 575-538-6835, email info@will-learning.com or www.will-learning.com.

The Gila Native Plant Society will meet at 7 p.m. Friday in room 110, Harlan
Hall, WNMU campus. Bill Norris will discuss "The Role of Amateur Botanists in
Sustaining the Floristic Tradition in Botany." He will feature amateur botanists
with whom he has worked closely in several states, such as Iowa and New Mexico,
including a mailman, a printer, a surgeon general and a high school teacher.
Free and refreshments after the program. Info: gilanps.org.

Saturday

Poetry Reading with Illuminata Senetre will be at 2 p.m. Saturday at the Bayard
Public Library, 1112 Central Ave. Celebrate Earth Day with Original Poetry in
Honor of the Earth. Info: Jody Decker, 575-537-6244.

Western Institute for Lifelong Learning will host a "second chance" discussion
and book signing with author Monette Bebow-Reinhard at 10 a.m. Saturday April 20
at the Silver City Public Library, 515 W. College Ave. Info: 575-538-3672.

Celebrate Earth Day from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday at Gough Park. Visit the
Silver City Food Co-op's booth to get freshly popped organic corn and free
seeds. Also visit the Silver City Museum's booth featuring a recycled craft and
activities. The community is invited to come to the Earth Day Celebration.

The Brittany Chavez Benefit Run will take place at Billy's Wild West BBQ and
Steakhouse, 2140 Highway 180. The registration from 8 to 10:30 a.m. The cost
will be $10 for all riders and/or participants. The riders kick stands will be
up at 10 a.m. There will be raffles, and live music as entertainment. Info:
Amanda Vanek, 781-799-2822 or Jacqueline Chavez, 575-956-2170.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Monette Bebow-Reinhard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Congressman Higgins Announces Application Period for Five Department of
Agriculture Grants

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Brian Higgins, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congressman Brian Higgins (NY-26) announced the opening of the application
period for five U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants on National
Agriculture Day. The specific USDA programs are the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program (FSMIP) the
Farmers Market Promotion Program (FMPP), the Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP)
and the competitive Farm to Schools Program grants. All applications submitted
to the USDA go through a non-partisan, merit based review.

"Promoting healthy, nutritional lifestyles for Western New York's children and
families through support of local agriculture improves public health and the
economy," said Congressman Higgins. "I encourage local organizations to apply
for these federal resources."

The Department of Agriculture is providing $96 million to innovative projects
designed to support specialty crop producers, local food entrepreneurs, and farm
to school efforts, which in turn will increase access to healthy, food for
American families and children. The announcement is part of USDA efforts during
National Nutrition Month to focus on improving access to fresh, healthy, and
nutritious products for millions of Americans.

The Buffalo Public Schools were recently awarded a grant through the Farm to
School program. Buffalo's Farm to School plan involves cooperation from
students, teachers, parents, food service staff, farmers, and food distributions
alongside project partners: the City of Buffalo's School District, Cornell
Cooperative Extension of Erie County, the Massachusetts Avenue Project (MAP),
and Healthy Kids, Healthy Communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA Announces $96 Million in Available Funding to Support Local Food,
Specialty Crops and Farm to School Efforts

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee,
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has made almost
$96 million available for innovative agricultural projects that will help
Americans gain better access to healthy, nutritious food.

The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) administered the grants, which include
the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP), the Federal-State Marketing
Improvement Program (FSMIP) and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program (LFPP). The USDA's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) Farm to School
Program grants, also included in the announcement, are designed to help
qualified entities implement farm to school programs that improve access to
local foods in eligible schools.

"Today, there is a high demand for fresh, healthy food," Hoeven said. "These
grants will help our nation's food producers expand their market opportunities,
and also help families and schools have better access to nutritious food."

The SCBGP grants are distributed to states and territories based on a formula
that takes into account both specialty crop acreage and production value. These
grants reflect just one of the ways Senator Hoeven is working to make sure the
farm bill helps to advance the good work of North Dakota's producers. Last
spring, Hoeven announced that USDA had awarded grant funding to the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture through SCBGP that was reauthorized in the 2014 farm
bill.

Interested SCBGP applicants should apply through their State department of
agriculture. State contacts and application due dates can be found here.

The FSMIP funds will support research projects that aim to address challenges
and opportunities in marketing, transporting and distributing U.S. agricultural
products domestically and internationally.

The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program will divide funding equally
between its two grant programs: the FMPP, which supports direct
farmer-to-consumer marketing projects, e.g. farmers markets, community-supported
agriculture programs, agritourism, while the LFPP funds projects that support
intermediary supply chain activities for food products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Goehring awards $2.3 million in specialty crop grants

LENGTH: 737  words

DATELINE: New York



 Bismarck: Department of Health has issued the following news release



  Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring has awarded 27 grants totaling over
$2.3 million to promote the development, cultivation, production and sales of
specialty crops in North Dakota.



 "North Dakota is already a leading producer of several specialty crops, such as
dry edible beans, dry peas, potatoes and lentils," Goehring said. "As our
farmers seek to diversify their production, these grants help provide important
information through specialty crop research, education and export opportunities.





 The Agricultural Marketing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
approved $2,375,085.11 for the 2016 grants. Last year, North Dakota received
$2,405,432.62. The grants are distributed based on a formula that takes into
account specialty crop acreage and production value.



 Specialty crops are defined in law as "fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including floriculture."



 Organizations and agencies receiving grants include:



     North Dakota State University (NDSU) - $34,221 for evaluation of
Anthracnose tolerance in 16 partially resistant dry bean lines for germplasm
enhancement.

     NDSU - $115,133 for population structure and aggressiveness of Aphanomyces
euteiches on field pea.

     NDSU - $53,319 for optimizing fungicide application timing for control of
white mold in pinto, black, and navy beans.

     Northern Pulse Growers Association - $108,000 for the collection of
glycemic data to support the marketing of pulse and pulse ingredients.

     NDSU - $36,389 for rootstock evaluations to enhance nursery crop production
and performance.

     NDSU - $53,577 for the development of improved fungicide application
strategies for managing Sclerotinia head rot in confection sunflowers.

     NDSU - $62,636 for optimizing agronomic practices for faba bean production.


     NDSU - $37,473 to evaluate cider apple cultivars and rootstocks.

     North Dakota Trade Office - $131,333 for International Specialty Crop
Expansion.

     NDSU - $94,957 for sustainability and utility of verticillium wilt
resistance in French fry potato cultivars.

     NDSU - $86,797 for breeding and selection of vegetable crops for the
northern climate.

     NDSU - $56,739 for development of lentil cultivars with tolerance to
sulfantrazone.

     NDSU - $142,406 for characterization of a new pea seedborne mosaic virus
variant affecting field peas.

     NDSU - $137,131 for development of potato blight application for
sustainable potato production.

     NDSU - $70,532 to determine the effect of glyphosate and dicamba drift on
yield and seed quality.

     NDSU - $83,816 to develop weed and fertilizer management practices for
organic production of raspberry and blackberry.

     National Sunflower Association - $113,496 to apply genomic tools to
accelerate breeding for disease resistance in confection sunflower.

     NDSU - $47,880 for development of a mitigation strategy to soft rotting
pathogens affecting seed potato production.

     NDSU - $48,017 to assess the potential for remote sensing of potato virus Y
in seed fields-nutritional deficit.

     NDSU - $90,646 to use biofertilizers to enhance mutualisms between
specialty crops and beneficial insects.

     North Dakota Department of Agriculture (NDDA) - $154,010.78 to increase
specialty crop access to schools, communities and people with food insecurity.

     NDSU - $81,740 to improve potato tuber uniformity.

     Dakota Prairies Resource Conservation & Development Council - $199,351 to
grow specialty crops to improve healthy food access on the Standing Rock Sioux
Reservation.

     Burnt Creek Nursery - $102,951.33 for production of NDSU hardy woody plant
releases.

     NDSU - $58,827 to use differential thermal analysis to evaluate cold
hardiness in woody plant material.

     NDSU - $84,228 for training dates and techniques for increasing yield on
hop.

     NDSU - $89,479 for production of leafy green vegetables in controlled
environment systems.



 NDDA received 35 applications, which were reviewed and scored by a select
committee and approved by Goehring. Of the 35 applications, 27 were forwarded to
the U.S. Department of Agriculture for final approval.



 NDDA received $185,227.12 to administer the specialty crop block grant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: Alia Wilson, Sunnyvale Sun, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


April 04--The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35
years ago are now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database

of local food throughout the state, which is updated annually. The print and
online guides reach at least 150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

"The timing of the grant couldn't be better," Matt Landi, New Leaf Community
Markets produce director, said in a press release. "New Leaf has worked with
CAFF, their Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing campaign and to purchase from their
farmer members for many years on the Central Coast. We have recently opened a
new store in San Jose and will be opening another this spring in Pleasanton. We
are excited to showcase the local agriculture grown in the Santa Clara Valley"

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements at
sadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visit facebook.com/CAFF.SCV and caff.org.

___ (c)2013 the Sunnyvale Sun (San Jose, Calif.) Visit the Sunnyvale Sun (San
Jose, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/sunnyvale Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130404-1SS-Nonprofit-connects-farmers-with-local-businesses-0404-20130404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SS


                            Copyright 2013 The Star


                              380 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                Computer Column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Nonprofit connects farmers with local businesses

BYLINE: Alia Wilson, The Cupertino Courier, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


April 04--The seeds planted by the Community Alliance with Family Farmers 35
years ago are now taking root in Santa Clara Valley.

The member-based nonprofit that began advocating for California's family farmers
in Yolo County in 1978 has since spread throughout the state. Headquartered in
Davis, CAFF has offices in the North Bay, South Bay, East Bay, Humboldt and
Watsonville.

Just last month, CAFF was awarded a $255,000 Specialty Crop Block Grant from the
California Department of Food and Agriculture and the Heller Family Foundation.
The funds will help CAFF launch its specialty crop marketing campaign "Buy Fresh
Buy Local Santa Clara Valley," the first agriculture campaign to promote local
growers in the Silicon Valley.

The campaign connects local family farmers to restaurants, retailers and
wholesalers to bring locally grown food to Santa Clara Valley shoppers. CAFF
provides Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing materials to businesses and farmers,
while educating the general public about the importance of eating locally.

"Agriculture is very much alive in our region," said Sadie Clements, CAFF
regional manager of Santa Clara Valley. "We have some of the richest soil in all
nine counties in the Bay Area. We want the community to really get behind this
and put their dollars behind local farmers."

CAFF will release the first Santa Clara Valley "Local Food Guide" publication in
January, as well as its searchable online database

of local food throughout the state, which is updated annually. The print and
online guides reach at least 150,000 Bay Area residents.

Many of the CAFF growers farmed in Cupertino, Sunnyvale and San Jose when
orchards and farmland still reigned supreme, but have since moved to the south
valley.

"The agricultural community has definitely been pushed more to the south for
Santa Clara Valley, but what CAFF hopes to accomplish is to make people in the
Santa Clara Valley be more aware that all of this rich agricultural history is
still happening in the valley," said Ashley Alvarez-Perlitch, CAFF Buy Fresh Buy
Local coordinator for the Santa Clara Valley.

"Those people are still here and have been farming for years and years. We have
to help them stay alive and stay strong. California has some of the most fertile
soil in the world; we can't just keep paving over it."

Some of the local restaurants and farms that have already expressed interest in
participating in Buy Fresh Buy Local include Chef's Choice Produce Company in
San Jose; The Table in San Jose; Country Gourmet American Bistro in Sunnyvale;
Mission City Creamery in Santa Clara; Abounding Harvest Mountain Farm in Los
Gatos; Full Circle Farm in Sunnyvale; and several farms in Gilroy, Hollister and
San Juan Bautista.

"The timing of the grant couldn't be better," Matt Landi, New Leaf Community
Markets produce director, said in a press release. "New Leaf has worked with
CAFF, their Buy Fresh Buy Local marketing campaign and to purchase from their
farmer members for many years on the Central Coast. We have recently opened a
new store in San Jose and will be opening another this spring in Pleasanton. We
are excited to showcase the local agriculture grown in the Santa Clara Valley"

For more information about the 'Buy Fresh Buy Local Santa Clara Valley' campaign
or to be listed in the Local Eaters Guide, contact Sadie Clements at
sadie@caff.org or 408.390.8285. Also visit facebook.com/CAFF.SCV and caff.org.

___ (c)2013 The Cupertino Courier (San Jose, Calif.) Visit The Cupertino Courier
(San Jose, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/cupertino Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130404-1CP-Nonprofit-connects-farmers-with-local-businesses-0404-20130404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CP


                         Copyright 2013 Computer Column


                              381 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces New Specialty Crop Grants for Virginia

LENGTH: 909  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced more than $503,000 in grant funding
for fifteen agriculture-related projects. The grant funding will promote and
enhance the competitiveness of Virginia&rsquo;s specialty crops and create more
economic development opportunities across the Commonwealth.  The project awards
resulted from a competitive grant process established by the Virginia Department
of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) for United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty Crop Block Grant
funds.





 &ldquo;Like any industry, agriculture depends on quality research and data to
remain competitive in a 21st Century economy,&rdquo; said Governor McAuliffe.
&ldquo;These grants represent more than a half-million dollar investment in
Virginia&rsquo;s economy that will boost economic development and create jobs in
our agriculture sector, furthering our work to build a new Virginia economy.  I
congratulate these organizations and educational institutions for pursuing
innovative research that will help enhance marketing opportunities and food
safety for growers across the Commonwealth.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;Today&rsquo;s announcement is good news for Virginia agriculture and
helps bolster the Governor&rsquo;s efforts to keep the industry at the forefront
of his overall economic development strategic plan,&rdquo; said Secretary of
Agriculture and Forestry Todd Haymore.  &ldquo;These projects, including several
impacting our fast growing craft beverage sector, highlight Virginia&rsquo;s
diversified agricultural interests and the potential opportunities for future
economic development those interests provide across a board geographic
footprint.&rdquo;



 The Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004 authorized the USDA to provide
funds to the states to promote specialty crops including fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits and nursery crops.  When considering grants for the USDA
Specialty Crop Program, VDACS gave priority to projects that included the
following activities:



     Assisting farmers transitioning into specialty, high-value agricultural
initiatives that address the eligible specialty crops;

     Increasing net farm income through high-value or value-added enterprises;

     Finding new ways to market or add value to specialty agricultural products;
and

     Developing pilot and demonstration programs in specialty agriculture that
have the potential for transferability within rural Virginia.



 Specialty crops including apples, berries, herbs, hops, nursery products,
pears, wine grapes, and more will benefit from the grants.  Other grants focus
on food safety, training, marketing, pollinators, and plant diseases or on
production research for specific geographical areas.  Grants range from $12,000
to $45,300 per applicant.  VDACS awarded grants totaling $503,828 to the
following recipients and projects:



     Balancing Microbial Safety and Disease Management of Virginia Fresh Herbs -
Virginia Tech, Eastern Shore of Virginia AREC, Painter

     Bringing New Technology to Southwest Virginia Apple Producers: Establishing
a High Density Demonstration Orchard - Virginia Tech, Southwest Virginia AREC,
Abingdon

     Developing Markets and Processing Capacity for Specialty Crop Seconds and
Value Added Products - Appalachian Sustainable Development, Abingdon

     Enhancing the Food Safety and Quality of Virginia Grown Cucurbits -
Virginia Tech, Eastern Shore of Virginia AREC, Painter

     Establishment of Green Tea Production in Northern Virginia -Virginia Tech,
Winchester AREC, Winchester

     Establishment of The Vine to Wine Co-op to Reduce Overall Grape and Wine
Production Costs and Enhance the Competitiveness of the Virginia Wine Industry -
Virginia Wineries Association Cooperative, Richmond

     Evaluating Foliar Nutrients Effects on Fruit Quality and Yield of Two New
Blackberry Cultivars - Virginia Tech, Hampton Roads AREC, Virginia Beach

     Facilitating Coriander and Fenugreek Production in Virginia - Virginia
State University, Ettrick

     Increasing Yield of Virginia-grown Hops (Humulus lupulus L.): Nutrient
Management and Selection for Disease Resistance - Virginia State University,
Ettrick

     Injury Potential from 2,4-D and Dicamba Spray and Vapor Drift onto
Vegetable and Nursery Crops - Virginia Tech, Hampton Roads AREC, Virginia Beach

     Integrated Peer-to-Peer Training and Community Outreach to Improve Growing,
Marketing and Consumption of Specialty Crops on Virginia&rsquo;s Eastern Shore -
Eastern Shore Resource Conservation and Development Council, Painter

     Making Food Safety Accessible and Affordable for Virginia Farmers -
Appalachian Sustainable Development, Abingdon

     Strengthen and Develop Asian Pear Market in Virginia - Institute for
Advanced Learning and Research, Danville

     Sustainable Development of Native Mason Bee Populations for Berry
Pollination - Old Dominion University Research Foundation, Norfolk

     Understanding Species Complex and Infection Process of Anthracnose and Ripe
Rot Pathogens - Virginia Tech, Winchester AREC, Winchester



 For more information on specialty crops in Virginia, contact VDACS&rsquo;
Division of Marketing and Development at 804.786.3530.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FLORIDA-FRIENDLY FARM BILL CALLED OVERDUE

BYLINE: By SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: ROYAL PALM BEACH


Roland Yee's cabbages are no longer shut out of the nation's mammoth farm bill.

Neither are Philomena Liang's lychees and longans. Nor are the Erickson family's
mangoes.

For the first time in memory, the five-year, $290 billion agricultural
appropriations bill approved last week by Congress sends some of that money to
specialty producers such as those in Palm Beach County. The bill establishes
$10.4 billion in programs that support research, pest management, nutrition for
children and seniors and cellulosic ethanol development.

"This farm bill breaks the back of the Midwest," said U.S. Rep. Tim Mahoney,
D-Palm Beach Gardens, the only Florida member of the House Agriculture
Committee.

Mahoney spoke Monday to a couple dozen specialty crop producers Monday at Farm
Credit of South Florida in Royal Palm Beach about the landmark bill, known
formally as the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008.

Most of the farm bill pays for subsidies for the corn, soybean, cotton and wheat
farmers of the Midwest, but Florida has 270 specialty crops, Mahoney said,
including everything from palm trees to impatiens, sweet corn and heirloom
tomatoes.

As the nation's second-largest fruit-and-vegetable producer after California,
Florida will benefit from programs including a $1.02 billion outlay for fruit
and vegetable snacks for schoolchildren, which is being expanded to all 50
states.

Kimberly Erickson, whose family owns Erickson Farm in Canal Point, said that
marketing programs paid for by the farm bill could help get the word out about
local produce.

The bill awaits President Bush's signature. Bush has indicated he will veto it,
but that could be overridden by Congress, Mahoney said.

Don Rice, Farm Credit's chief executive, said specialty crops account for more
than half of agriculture's revenues nationwide, so the money the bill directs
toward them is proportionally small.

"It's a tiny fraction compared to what traditional agriculture is receiving,"
Rice said.

Still, area growers are encouraged by the bill's mandatory funding: $377 million
for programs to combat invasive pests and diseases; $466 million in block grants
for marketing, research, education and food safety; $1.5 billion in specialty
crop research.

Yee, whose family's Yee Farms grows vegetables in Palm Beach and St. Lucie
counties, said the grants for research will help to solve pest and disease
problems.

"We as small family farmers can go to the university scientists and get a
diagnosis," Yee said.

Mahoney also made a pitch for cellulosic ethanol, a biofuel made from farm waste
such as citrus peels and sugar cane stalks.

The bill gives cellulosic ethanol producers a $1-per-gallon tax credit.

"We are the biggest biomass producer," he said. "It puts Florida into a
brand-new industry."

The congressman added that the country needs to think more about its farms.

"We are a real estate development-based economy, and we just had the perfect
storm," Mahoney said.

Agriculture should be a national priority, he said.

"Agriculture needs to be bigger, better and more profitable than it is today,"
Mahoney said.

- susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2 C)
 1. Tim Mahoney (mug) 2. LUCAS CANNISTRACI/Staff Photographer Roland Yee's
family grows vegetables in Palm Beach and St. Lucie counties.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 8, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Fruit and Vegetable Growers Hope to Harvest More From Farm Bill

BYLINE: Jeffrey H. Birnbaum

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 1134 words


After years of derision and obscurity, the nation's fruits and vegetables are
finally getting the respect they deserve.

Long dismissed as mere "specialty crops" and all but ignored by the powerful
lawmakers who fashion the federal government's massive farm bill every five
years, fresh produce is now promoting itself in a major way and is positioned to
be a big winner in this year's legislative sweepstakes.

"They definitely have more leverage," said Dana Brooks, a lobbyist for the
American Farm Bureau Federation.

"They are much better organized," agreed Jon Doggett, a vice president of the
National Corn Growers Association, a sometime inter-commodity rival.

In other words, the fruit and vegetable lobby is not small potatoes anymore. Nor
should it be. Apples, grapes, oranges and, yes, potatoes are significant
businesses. Fruits and vegetables overall represent nearly half the value of all
commercial crops. But their lobbyists have lacked the killer-tomato instinct.

In the past two years, however, groups such as the United Fresh Produce
Association, the Western Growers Association, the Florida Fruit & Vegetable
Association and the National Potato Council started to band together. Their
goal: to make sure peaches, strawberries, limes and the like get a larger slice
of the federal pie.

In official Washington, the big grains such as wheat and corn, along with
cotton, sugar and rice, have dominated farming politics and, as a result, have
received the bulk of price-support subsidies. This year's farm bill will lay out
more than $700 billion over the next 10 years on programs including  food stamps
and commodity-based payments.

The Specialty Crop Farm Bill Alliance, a sprawling 90-member coalition, has been
asking lawmakers to add to the bill a few billion dollars a year in benefits. It
is seeking not direct payments to its growers, but rather indirect goodies such
as block grants to states to help its farmers locally, expanded funding for
scientific research and enhanced promotion of U.S.-grown produce abroad.

The other contenders for federal farm largess are less than overjoyed at the
coalition's aggressiveness. "We have less money to go around and more folks who
want it," Brooks said. "That is going to make things difficult."

Still, fruits and veggies are likely to win a lot of what they seek. The reason
is their geographic desirability. Farm bills are often battles between
Midwestern lawmakers whose grain-growing constituents benefit the most from the
legislation, and lawmakers from other parts of the county whose constituents
tend not to see the value of farm subsidies.

Many specialty crops are concentrated in these skeptical states -- the
apple-growing state of Washington and the  grape-producing state of California,
for example. If these products are favored in the farm bill for a change, their
elected representatives would be more likely to vote for the bill's passage.

At least that is what the specialty-crop strategists are counting on. "We add
some value to getting a farm bill passed," said Robert Guenther, top lobbyist
for the United Fresh Produce Association.

Fruits and vegetables could be very good for the farm bill's health.

Shhh! This Conversation Is Private

The members and senior staffers of the Senate Finance Committee, one of
Congress's most potent panels, have been hosting private discussions with
influential people. With no press or public allowed, think of these sessions as
the capital's most exclusive salon.

On April 17, a large bipartisan group of committee members and aides listened
for 90 minutes as Thomas J. Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,
and John J. Sweeney, president of the AFL-CIO, debated topics such as health
care and trade.

The event was held in the committee's anteroom, which is behind the committee's
wood-paneled hearing room, where public meetings are usually convened.

Earlier in the year, several Cabinet officers including Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice also appeared there in secret. So did Pascal Lamy, director
general of the World Trade Organization.

Participants call the practice an excellent way for lawmakers to ask tough
questions without worrying about the consequences.

Others are not so certain. "It seems wrong," said Melanie Sloan of Citizens for
Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. "Why wouldn't they have an open
hearing? It sounds like they are trying to avoid public disclosure."

Another Hurdle for Immigration Bill

 President Bush is excited about the prospect of devising and passing a
comprehensive immigration bill this year. The conventional wisdom is that he
will have to partner with a broad swath of Democrats-in-charge on Capitol Hill
to find a workable compromise.

In fact, a large number of Democrats are likely to resist. Why? Labor unions, a
fundamental constituency of the Democratic Party, are deeply divided on the
topic.

Two sizable unions -- the Service Employees International Union and Unite Here
-- are eager to include a program that would allow foreigners to work
temporarily in this country and eventually win citizenship -- a plan similar to
one that Bush has advanced in the past. These unions, which tend to represent
lower-paid workers, foresee a lot of future members in that expanding pool.

But most other unions, including the AFL-CIO, go the other way. They oppose a
guest-worker program, worrying that the additional foreign workers might take
American jobs, including those their members hold.

How are Democratic lawmakers to choose? Some will go with the president; others
will go with the majority of unions. That surely will complicate immigration
reform.

Moonlighting Lobbyist of the Week

Michael Gessel has been enchanted by L. Frank Baum, the creator of the Wizard of
Oz, since third grade. And that was not yesterday.

Gessel is a 52-year-old lobbyist for the Dayton, Ohio, region. He is also vice
president of the International Wizard of Oz Club and a former editor of the
club's official publication, the Baum Bugle.

As editor for five years, Gessel featured stories about the first Oz-themed
amusement park (Chicago, 1905), the geography of Oz and the late actor John
Ritter's portrayal of Baum in a 1990 NBC movie about the author's peripatetic
life.

In 2000, Gessel helped the Library of Congress with its exhibit celebrating the
100th anniversary of the publication of  "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz." He lent
items from his large collection of Baum memorabilia.

These days, Gessel does not spend as much time on Oz. "A rather intense job and
three small children have strictly limited my journeys over the rainbow lately,"
he said. "But being familiar with the fantasy land of Oz does help in my
understanding of Washington."

If you know of another lobbyist with an interesting sideline, let me know.

Please send e-mail to kstreet@washpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Istockphoto
IMAGE; By Michael Williamson -- The Washington Post; Lobbyist Michael Gessel,
the International Wizard of Oz Club's VP, with a first edition of the L. Frank
Baum book.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BYLINE: By The Denver Post

SECTION:

LENGTH: 317 words


Apartment Investment and Management Co. donated $146,000 to the National Leased
Housing Association, for the NLHA Education Fund, which provides tuition
assistance for students. Corgenix Medical Corp., a Broomfield-based developer
and marketer of diagnostic test kits, announced that Zacks Investment Research
has initiated coverage of the company. For the third consecutive year, Smith
Seckman Reid Inc., a Denver engineering design and facility consulting firm, has
been named the country's best multi- discipline architectural/engineering
services firm to work for by ZweigWhite. CitiMortgage experts will host a
mortgage foreclosure prevention and client assistance event, from noon to 7 p.m.
today to help borrowers who are struggling with their mortgages. The event will
be held at the Sheraton Denver Tech Center Hotel, 7007 S. Clinton St. in
Greenwood Village. For information, call 1-866-915-9417 or visit
www.citiroadtorecovery.com. The new 2011 Cricket Trailer will be on display
today from 4 to 7 p.m. Sports Garage, 2705 Spruce St.

in Boulder. Boulder is the first stop for the lightweight camping trailer that
can sleep two adults and two children. Wyndham Hotel Group LLC, announced the
addition of the 68-room Wyndham Las Villas Resort Mazatlan in Mexico to its
resort portfolio. The resort, formerly the Las Villas Hotel & Spa, is operated
by Aurora-based Club Acquisition Co. Ross Wehner, a former Denver Post reporter
and Scott Miller announced the formation of World Action Teams, a corporate
consultancy that delivers unorthodox immersion experiences in order to help
business leaders understand how to create value for business and society.
Fourteen grants totaling more than $712,000 have been awarded through the
Colorado Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crops Block Grant Program.
Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, seeds, greenhouse and nursery
products and sod.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

Chef Joe featured at Farmers Market

SECTION: D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 218 words


The Downtown Dubuque Farmers Market will host "Every Day Cook" featuring Chef
Joe on Saturday, June 30, on Iowa Street between 11th and 13th streets.

Chef Joe will be demonstrating easy to prepare recipes with fresh produce at the
Farmers Market.

Chef Joe, aka Joe Godfroy, is an owner of the restaurant Chef Joe's Place in the
trendy East Village of Des Moines. A recipient of the Triple A Four Diamonds
Award by the Marriott Corp., Godfroy's food experience as sous chef and head
chef at several private clubs and hotels in the Des Moines area will show you
how easy it is to prepare great-tasting dishes in a matter of minutes.

Long an avid proponent of using locally grown produce and products in his
cooking and his restaurant, Chef Joe is thrilled to promote cooking at the
source of fresh produce - the Farmers Market!

The Every Day Cook is a project sponsored by the Iowa Department of Agriculture
and Land Stewardship and is funded by a USDA Specialty Crops Block Grant Program
(SCBGP). The program assists state departments of agriculture in enhancing the
competitiveness of U.S. specialty crops.

Individuals or groups interested in performing at the Farmers Market should
contact the Main Street office. Vendor spaces still are available. For more
information, call Dubuque Main Street at 563/588-4400.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Business briefs: Loan Fund exceeds 2013 lending to small business

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 436 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; The Loan Fund, a statewide nonprofit community lending
organization in its 25th year of operation, has already matched its total
lending volume in 2013 to New Mexico's small businesses, entrepreneurs, and
nonprofit organizations with three months remaining in 2014.

So far in 2014, The Loan Fund has made loans to four businesses in Doca Ana
County totaling $519,000, according to organization officials. The local
businesses include an auto parts store, a restaurant, a medical waste transport
service, and an event center.

Overall in Doca Ana County, The Loan Fund has $1.047 million in active loans.
Those loans secured 53 jobs within the county. Doca Ana County clients include a
child care center, a landscaper, low-income housing, a pet day and overnight
care facility, a tortilla maker, and several restaurants.

Through the end of September, The Loan Fund made 71 new loans throughout New
Mexico totaling $4.5 million, helped secure over 450 New Mexico jobs with these
loans while financing seven start-up businesses and maintained a loan portfolio
in excess of $12 million since May.

With a current pipeline of $2 million in loans that should close by the end of
the year, The Loan Fund anticipates a strong fourth quarter, said Leroy Pacheco,
president and CEO of The Loan Fund.Udall, Heinrich announce more than $550,000
to strengthen NM produce markets

LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich have announced
$550,750 in grants to strengthen markets for New Mexico produce by providing
tools and resources to help agricultural producers successfully enhance their
competitiveness and expand their operations.

The funding is being awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Specialty Block Grant Program, and grants will be administered through the USDA
Agricultural Marketing Service. The grants are authorized through the 2014 Farm
Bill, which Udall and Heinrich strongly supported.

The New Mexico Department of Agriculture will receive funding to support nine
projects to expand markets for specialty crops including chile, organic apples
and onions; to address food safety research needs; and to expand access to
fruits and vegetables throughout the state. Funded projects include measures to
enhance exposure and awareness of New Mexico specialty crop foods, expand sales
of specialty crops to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program recipients in
low-income communities, provide military veterans with training to learn to grow
specialty crops, and increase opportunities for the development of sustainable
nurseries in Native communities.

Sun-News reports

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 12, 2009 Friday

Regional Report / Feds investigate tampering at Cargill chocolate plant

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 639 words


Cargill Inc. suspended manufacturing at a chocolate factory in Lititz, Pa., and
called in federal investigators after finding "unusual pieces of foreign
material" in products inside the plant, a company spokesman said Friday.

The suspected case of tampering at the Wilbur Chocolate plant arose when
inspectors found the material on three occasions, Cargill spokesman Bill Brady
said. He would not say what was found, citing the ongoing investigation. No
tampered product was shipped out to customers, he said.

The plant is currently the focus of a labor dispute, but Chocolate Workers Local
464 business agent Bruce Hummel said he did not think the contract fight and the
potential tampering were related. The union has been without a contract for more
than two years, and last week the company cut pay to its hourly workers.

FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver confirmed the investigation, which also involves the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, but declined to go into specifics.

The plant may not reopen for several weeks, but some workers are on duty,
cleaning the facility. Brady said the Wayzata-based company has taken additional
anti-tampering measures.North Mankato printer cuts 114 jobs

North Mankato wholesale printing company Carlson Craft said it is eliminating
114 positions. The company made the layoffs Thursday in its effort to adapt to
the current economic downturn.

General Manager Barb Kaus said in a statement that besides the economy,
consumers' needs have changed and that the restructuring is needed to focus on
new technology.

The company, which is part of Taylor Corp., makes printed stationery products
and personalized accessories. It was founded as Carlson Letter Service in
1948.Grants available for specialty growers

Specialty crop growers in Minnesota can apply for grants to help them remain
competitive. Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, culinary herbs and
spices, medicinal plants, tree nuts, flowers and nursery plants. The grants are
available under the Minnesota Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The state
received $500,000 for the program from the 2008 federal farm bill. A division of
the Minnesota Department of Agriculture administers the program.

The MDA will accept grant applications through July 24. For information, see
www.ams.us da.gov/scbgpwww.ams.usda.gov/ scbgp.

Briefly

Anulex Technologies Inc., a privately held Minnetonka-based medical device
manufacturer, announced the close of its fourth round of private equity
financing, totaling approximately $10.2 million. Investors leading the round
include Affinity Capital, Delphi Ventures, MB Venture Partners, New Enterprise
Associates, SightLine Partners and Split Rock Partners. ... Minnetonka-based
Table Trac Inc. has a contract with the Thlopthlocco Golden Pony Casino, Okemah,
Okla., to install Table Trac's casino management system. The value of the
contract was not disclosed.

Insider Trades

Fair Isaac Corp.: Thomas Bradley, chief financial officer, bought 9,500 shares
April 27 at $16.85 per share; holds 9,500 shares. Laurent Pacalin, vice
president, sold 2,875 shares April 22 at $15.19 per share, option related, 10(b)
5-1 Plan; no further holdings. Andrew Jennings, vice president, sold 2,679
shares May 4 at $17.01 per share; holds 8,917 shares.

Urologix Inc.: William Moore, director, bought 1,500 shares April 30 at 85 cents
per share and 1,500 shares May 12 at 85 cents per share; holds 50,380 shares.
Stryker Warren Jr., chief executive officer, bought 5,000 shares May 15 at $1
per share and 1,495 shares May 27 at $1 per share; holds 136,495 shares.

Digital River Inc.: Thomas Madison, director, sold 3,167 shares March 6 at
$24.82 per share, amended filing; holds 21,558 shares.

Plato Learning Inc.: Matthew Drapkin, director, bought 10,000 shares April 2 at
$1.94-$1.96 per share; holds 11,000 shares.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 28, 2013

Funds available to plant community, school orchards

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 275  words


BISMARCK,Äì Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says $20,000 is available to
help North Dakota communities and schools plant an orchard in 2013.

The Community Orchard Project provides funds to North Dakota communities and
schools to raise-locally grown fruit, while fostering community spirit that
builds local service opportunities by bringing together people to plan, plant
and tend to the orchard" he said. It also enhances the beauty of the local
communities and schools and increases awareness of specialty crops.

Communities and schools can apply for grants of $500 to $7,000. The grants are
available on a competitive basis.

Goehring said grant funds can be used for plants, trees, equipment, planting
supplies, soil amendments, irrigation and fencing supplies, but not permanent
structures or purchase of land.

The North Dakota State University Extension Service has developed a beginner's
guide, Starting A Community Orchard in North Dakota, that applicants can use in
preparing their grant application. It can be found on the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture (NDDA) website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Marketing/OrchardManualFinal.pdf.

Application forms for the grants are also available on the NDDA website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Market-ing/NDDAOrchardProject-GrantApplication2013.pdf.
Grant applications must be received by

March 15, 2013.

Goehring said questions about the grant program should 'be. directed to Emily
Edlund. specialty crops grants specialist at (701) 328-2191orEdlund@nd.gov

The North Dakota Community Orchard Project is part of NDDA's-Local Foods
Initiative, funded ' through the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Billings County Pioneer


                              389 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2013

Delaware agriculture projects receive federal funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 293  words


Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee has announced that five marketing and
research projects supporting Delaware crops will receive nearly $230,000 in
funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program,

"Our partners do excellent work in promoting and enhancing our local
agricultural economy through projects such as these," Kee said. "The marketing
initiatives will help growers with new opportunities, and research will lead to
new products and better yields. Projects supported by this funding really do
make a difference."

The projects include:

A supply network by Washington's Green Grocers to enhance distribution of
Delaware fruits and vegetables to Delaware and Delmarva Peninsula restaurants,
schools, small retail outlets and other institutional outlets

An expansion of the Planting Hope in Delaware community garden at the Herman
Hollo-way Campus of the Department of Health and Social Services, developing a
community-supported agriculture program and creating an accessible demonstration
garden

An initiative by the Department of Agriculture's Marketing Section to connect
farmers and regional and national produce buyers, and promote local produce in
grocery stores

Improving sales of local produce grown at the Delaware Center for Horticulture's
12th and Brandywine Urban Farm to Wilmington residents, supporting the work of
the Delaware Urban Farm and Food Coalition

Research by the University of Delaware's Department of Plant and Soil Sciences
to develop heat-tolerant lima bean varieties.

Specialty crops are a broad category that includes fruits, vegetables, dried
fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops. Funding cannot be used for
field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or animal agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                              390 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2013

Funds available to plant community and school orchards

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 275  words


BISMARCK - Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says $20, 000 is available to
help North Dakota communities and school plant an orchard in 2013.

"The Community Orchard Project provides funds to North Dakota communities and
schools to raise locally grown fruit, while fostering community spirit that
builds local service opportunities by bringing together people to plan, plant
and tend to the orchard," he said. "It also enhances the beauty of the local
communities and schools and increases awareness of specialty crops."

Communities and schools can apply for grants of $500 to $7, 000. The grants are
available on a competitive basis.

Goehring said grant funds can be used for plants, trees, equipment, planting
supplies, soil amendments, irrigation and fencing supplies, but not permanent
structures or purchase of land.

The North Dakota State University Extension Service has developed a beginner's
guide, Starting A Community Orchard in North Dakota, that applicants can use in
preparing their grant application. It can be found on the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture (NDDA) website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Mar-keting/OrchardManualFinal.pdf.

Application forms for the grants are also available on the NDDA website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Marketing/NDDAOrchardProject-GrantApplication2013.pdf.
Grant applications must be received by March 15, 2013.

Goehring said questions about the grant program should be directed to Emily
Edlund, specialty crops grants specialist at (701) 328-2191 or Edlund@nd.gov

The North Dakota Community Orchard Project is part of NDDA's Local Foods
Initiative, funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Dickey County Leader


                              391 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 28, 2013

Funds available to plant community, school orchards

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 275  words


BISMARCK, Äì Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says $20,000 is available to
help North Dakota communities and schools, plant an orchard in 2013.

The Community Orchard Project provides funds to North Dakota communities and
schools to raise locally grown fruit, while fostering community spirit that
builds local service opportunities by bringing together people to plan, plant
and tend to the orchard" he said. It also enhances the beauty of the local
communities and schools and increases awareness of specialty crops.

Communities and schools can apply for grants of $500 to $7,000. The grants are
available on a competitive basis.

Goehring said grant funds can be used for plants, trees, equipment, planting
supplies, soil amendments, irrigation and fencing supplies, but not permanent
structures or purchase of land.

The North Dakota State University Extension Service has developed a beginner's
guide, Starting A Community Orchard in North Dakota, that applicants can use in
preparing their grant application. It can be found on the North Dakota
Department of Agriculture (NDDA) website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Marketing/OrchardManualFinal.pdf.

Application forms for the grants are also available on the NDDA website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Marketing/NDDA Orchard Project Grant Application 2013.pdf.
Grant applications must be received by

March 15, 2013.

Goehring said questions about the grant program should be directed to Emily
Edlund, specialty crops grants specialist at (701) 328-2191 or Edlund@nd.gov

The North Dakota Community Orchard Project is part of NDDA's Local Foods
Initiative, funded through the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Golden Valley News


                              392 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Three agriculture faculty members win grants

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Carbondale: Southern Illinois University has issued the following news release:




  Three Southern Illinois University Carbondale faculty members in the College
of Agricultural Sciences are the recipients of more than $158,000 in Illinois
Department of Agriculture grants through the federally funded Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program.





 Alan Walters, professor of plant, soil and agricultural systems, is one of the
foremost experts on the specialty crop horseradish, which is a major crop in the
metro-east area of Illinois. He will use a $59,777 grant to develop new
horseradish varieties and to evaluate others for Internal Root Discoloration
resistance. This is a two-year project that should result in at least four new
varieties released to growers in Illinois.



 Ruplal Choudhary, associate professor of plant, soil and agricultural systems,
will use a $54,642 grant to continue work on nano-encapsulation of natural
anti-microbial substances to create edible coating materials for food freshness.
Choudhary has worked with curcumin, an active part of turmeric, as a coating for
food production and storage surfaces. This grant allows him to continue studying
the suitability of limonene as a coating for locally harvested, fresh berries
for enhancing shelf life and food safety.



 Bradley Taylor, associate professor of plant, soil and agricultural sciences,
is an expert in viticulture and fruits. He will use a $44,219 grant to develop
fine pruning techniques for use in Illinois vineyards. He hopes his techniques
will reduce the risk of crop lost to spring freezes and make for more efficient
canopy management, which, he hopes, will increase both fruit yield and quality.



 "Our faculty members are dedicated researchers with a strong commitment to
excellence in all they do for our students," Mickey Latour, dean of the College
of Agricultural Sciences, said. "These grants allow our faculty to continue
researching, often side by side with graduate and undergraduate students, and to
use their research experience as part of the classroom experience. In addition,
this research contributes substantially to the local and statewide agricultural
industry, which helps us fulfil our mission as a research university."



 The state Department of Agriculture defines specialty crops as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including
floriculture. Illinois is the largest producer of pumpkins and horseradish in
the nation, and ranks among the top 10 states in acreage of cantaloupes, green
peas, lima beans, and sweet corn. In addition, the grape and wine industry is
growing, with nearly 2,000 acres of farmland and 421 farms dedicated to grape
growing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



























LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Three agriculture faculty members win grants

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Carbondale: Southern Illinois University has issued the following news release:




  Three Southern Illinois University Carbondale faculty members in the College
of Agricultural Sciences are the recipients of more than $158,000 in Illinois
Department of Agriculture grants through the federally funded Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program.





 Alan Walters, professor of plant, soil and agricultural systems, is one of the
foremost experts on the specialty crop horseradish, which is a major crop in the
metro-east area of Illinois. He will use a $59,777 grant to develop new
horseradish varieties and to evaluate others for Internal Root Discoloration
resistance. This is a two-year project that should result in at least four new
varieties released to growers in Illinois.



 Ruplal Choudhary, associate professor of plant, soil and agricultural systems,
will use a $54,642 grant to continue work on nano-encapsulation of natural
anti-microbial substances to create edible coating materials for food freshness.
Choudhary has worked with curcumin, an active part of turmeric, as a coating for
food production and storage surfaces. This grant allows him to continue studying
the suitability of limonene as a coating for locally harvested, fresh berries
for enhancing shelf life and food safety.



 Bradley Taylor, associate professor of plant, soil and agricultural sciences,
is an expert in viticulture and fruits. He will use a $44,219 grant to develop
fine pruning techniques for use in Illinois vineyards. He hopes his techniques
will reduce the risk of crop lost to spring freezes and make for more efficient
canopy management, which, he hopes, will increase both fruit yield and quality.



 "Our faculty members are dedicated researchers with a strong commitment to
excellence in all they do for our students," Mickey Latour, dean of the College
of Agricultural Sciences, said. "These grants allow our faculty to continue
researching, often side by side with graduate and undergraduate students, and to
use their research experience as part of the classroom experience. In addition,
this research contributes substantially to the local and statewide agricultural
industry, which helps us fulfil our mission as a research university."



 The state Department of Agriculture defines specialty crops as fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including
floriculture. Illinois is the largest producer of pumpkins and horseradish in
the nation, and ranks among the top 10 states in acreage of cantaloupes, green
peas, lima beans, and sweet corn. In addition, the grape and wine industry is
growing, with nearly 2,000 acres of farmland and 421 farms dedicated to grape
growing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



























LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Rhode Island: DEM Promotes Growth of Local Farm Economy with Latest Grant Awards

LENGTH: 935  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Providence: Department of Plantations, The state of Rhode Island has issued
the following news release:



 The Department of Environmental Management announced today the award of farm
viability grants to six Rhode Island-based groups working to support local
farmers; the grants, totaling $244,109, are made possible by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and will support
efforts to increase specialty crop production and grow the marketplace for these
crops in Rhode Island. USDA defines specialty crops as fruits and vegetables,
dried fruit, tree nuts, and nursery crops, including floriculture and turf
grass.





 "Rhode Islanders take great pride in their agricultural heritage," said
Governor Raimondo. "The exciting growth of our local food economy is a testament
to that history and expertise &ndash; supporting thousands of jobs, businesses,
and families across the state. We all play a role in moving our state forward,
and I am proud of these grant recipients and their efforts to support Rhode
Island food producers and to foster innovation and growth in local agriculture."




 "We are thrilled to announce these awards that help to sustain our local
farming industry and support the livelihoods of so many families in Rhode
Island," said DEM Director Janet Coit. "Promoting growth in this important
economic sector requires a coordinated yet varied approach that focuses on
supporting growers and cultivating their practices but also increasing consumer
knowledge and demand. We are pleased to reflect this approach in the diversity
of initiatives funded in this grant round and look forward to the success of
these projects." Grant recipients include:



 &bull; University of Rhode Island, Nutrition and Food Sciences Department -
$20,131 Rhode Island-based Produce Safety Alliance will provide training for
farmers in safe produce planting, harvesting and handling practices to better
assist them in meeting FDA regulatory compliance mandates and/or buyer
requirements.



 &bull; Alex Caserta and the RI Public Broadcast System (PBS) - $48,745 PBS will
air seven episodes of the Harvesting Rhode Island television series to promote
Rhode Island specialty crop growers and educate consumers on the benefits of
buying locally-produced crops. This series brings viewers on location to see the
farms, meet the farmers, and hear them talk about food cultivation and what it
takes to grow these crops. The series' pilot, which aired last spring, was
funded through a $35,000 farm viability grant in 2013.



 &bull; Rhode Island Agricultural Council (RIAC) - $14,291 The Council will
develop and implement a promotional campaign to enhance the visibility and
viability of specialty crops throughout Rhode Island and New England. Campaign
activities will include development of a website, promotional materials, and a
traveling display highlighting local specialty crops. Presentations will also be
given at agricultural events throughout New England and in classrooms across
Rhode Island.



 &bull; Farm Fresh Rhode Island - $49,621 Farm Fresh will engage in a systematic
approach to increasing the demand for locally grown specialty crops in school
cafeterias. Activities will include joining school district wellness committees,
developing and implementing educational programs for classrooms and after-school
programs, and facilitating communications among purchasers, producers and
processor/distributors.



 &bull; Northeast Organic Farming Association of Rhode Island - $20,000 The
Association will provide training and technical support to farmers to enhance
the competitiveness of eligible specialty crops. Specifically, efforts will
focus on training farmers to produce high-value organic crops to meet local
market demand through a series of advanced grower training seminars; technical
support from local farm advisors and on-farm workshops where organic techniques
will be demonstrated will be provided.



 &bull; Rhode Island Beekeepers Association (RIBA) - $27,400 The Association
will provide registered Rhode Island beekeepers with a genetically-superior
queen for re-queening of an existing hive. The project supports RIBA's ongoing
efforts to develop its own breeding program and will assist local beekeepers in
invigorating and growing their colonies and increasing disease and mite
resistance; it will also support the viability of the honeybee population,
increasing the yield and quality of Rhode Island fruit and vegetable crops.



 In addition to funding these grants, USDA awarded $63,921 to DEM to strengthen
the "Get Fresh, Buy Local" campaign. The funds will be used to support specialty
crop sales and improve promotional materials and activities, including featuring
produce demonstrations by local celebrity chefs at farmers' markets. To date,
DEM has awarded more than $2 million in farm viability grants to support the
competitiveness of locally-grown specialty crops.



 Rhode Island is experiencing significant growth in its agricultural and local
food sector. The state's food system supports 60,000 jobs in Rhode Island and
more than 7,000 businesses. Rhode Island is home to more than 1,200 farms -
which are largely family operations and occupy a total of 68,000 acres across
the state. The Ocean State is a national leader in direct-sales to consumers,
with approximately 50 seasonal farmers markets in the state's urban, suburban
and rural areas; eight indoor winter markets; and numerous pick-your-own and
farm-stand operations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Rhode Island: DEM Promotes Growth of Local Farm Economy with Latest Grant Awards

LENGTH: 935  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Providence: Department of Plantations, The state of Rhode Island has issued
the following news release:



 The Department of Environmental Management announced today the award of farm
viability grants to six Rhode Island-based groups working to support local
farmers; the grants, totaling $244,109, are made possible by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program and will support
efforts to increase specialty crop production and grow the marketplace for these
crops in Rhode Island. USDA defines specialty crops as fruits and vegetables,
dried fruit, tree nuts, and nursery crops, including floriculture and turf
grass.





 "Rhode Islanders take great pride in their agricultural heritage," said
Governor Raimondo. "The exciting growth of our local food economy is a testament
to that history and expertise &ndash; supporting thousands of jobs, businesses,
and families across the state. We all play a role in moving our state forward,
and I am proud of these grant recipients and their efforts to support Rhode
Island food producers and to foster innovation and growth in local agriculture."




 "We are thrilled to announce these awards that help to sustain our local
farming industry and support the livelihoods of so many families in Rhode
Island," said DEM Director Janet Coit. "Promoting growth in this important
economic sector requires a coordinated yet varied approach that focuses on
supporting growers and cultivating their practices but also increasing consumer
knowledge and demand. We are pleased to reflect this approach in the diversity
of initiatives funded in this grant round and look forward to the success of
these projects." Grant recipients include:



 &bull; University of Rhode Island, Nutrition and Food Sciences Department -
$20,131 Rhode Island-based Produce Safety Alliance will provide training for
farmers in safe produce planting, harvesting and handling practices to better
assist them in meeting FDA regulatory compliance mandates and/or buyer
requirements.



 &bull; Alex Caserta and the RI Public Broadcast System (PBS) - $48,745 PBS will
air seven episodes of the Harvesting Rhode Island television series to promote
Rhode Island specialty crop growers and educate consumers on the benefits of
buying locally-produced crops. This series brings viewers on location to see the
farms, meet the farmers, and hear them talk about food cultivation and what it
takes to grow these crops. The series' pilot, which aired last spring, was
funded through a $35,000 farm viability grant in 2013.



 &bull; Rhode Island Agricultural Council (RIAC) - $14,291 The Council will
develop and implement a promotional campaign to enhance the visibility and
viability of specialty crops throughout Rhode Island and New England. Campaign
activities will include development of a website, promotional materials, and a
traveling display highlighting local specialty crops. Presentations will also be
given at agricultural events throughout New England and in classrooms across
Rhode Island.



 &bull; Farm Fresh Rhode Island - $49,621 Farm Fresh will engage in a systematic
approach to increasing the demand for locally grown specialty crops in school
cafeterias. Activities will include joining school district wellness committees,
developing and implementing educational programs for classrooms and after-school
programs, and facilitating communications among purchasers, producers and
processor/distributors.



 &bull; Northeast Organic Farming Association of Rhode Island - $20,000 The
Association will provide training and technical support to farmers to enhance
the competitiveness of eligible specialty crops. Specifically, efforts will
focus on training farmers to produce high-value organic crops to meet local
market demand through a series of advanced grower training seminars; technical
support from local farm advisors and on-farm workshops where organic techniques
will be demonstrated will be provided.



 &bull; Rhode Island Beekeepers Association (RIBA) - $27,400 The Association
will provide registered Rhode Island beekeepers with a genetically-superior
queen for re-queening of an existing hive. The project supports RIBA's ongoing
efforts to develop its own breeding program and will assist local beekeepers in
invigorating and growing their colonies and increasing disease and mite
resistance; it will also support the viability of the honeybee population,
increasing the yield and quality of Rhode Island fruit and vegetable crops.



 In addition to funding these grants, USDA awarded $63,921 to DEM to strengthen
the "Get Fresh, Buy Local" campaign. The funds will be used to support specialty
crop sales and improve promotional materials and activities, including featuring
produce demonstrations by local celebrity chefs at farmers' markets. To date,
DEM has awarded more than $2 million in farm viability grants to support the
competitiveness of locally-grown specialty crops.



 Rhode Island is experiencing significant growth in its agricultural and local
food sector. The state's food system supports 60,000 jobs in Rhode Island and
more than 7,000 businesses. Rhode Island is home to more than 1,200 farms -
which are largely family operations and occupy a total of 68,000 acres across
the state. The Ocean State is a national leader in direct-sales to consumers,
with approximately 50 seasonal farmers markets in the state's urban, suburban
and rural areas; eight indoor winter markets; and numerous pick-your-own and
farm-stand operations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday

News in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


Two fugitives arrested in Mexico

BURLINGTON (AP) -- Vermont s U.S. Marshal says two fugitives who jumped bail
while awaiting trial on state home invasion charges have been arrested in
Mexico.

Marshal David Demag says 20-year-old Mikel Brady was arrested in Mexico on
Monday while 19-year-old Joshua Hill was arrested on Wednesday.

The two men are now in the process of being returned to Vermont.

The two men were out on bail after a June 30 incident in which they allegedly
forced their way into a home by breaking a glass door with baseball bats,
assaulting two residents with the bats, then trying them up and stealing the
contents of a safe.

The two fled Vermont on Oct. 9

Illness forces Burr and Burton closure

MANCHESTER (AP) -- Officials say the Burr and Burton Academy in Manchester will
be closed for two days because of the high number of students and faculty who
are sick or absent.

Headmaster Mark Tashjian says the private high school that serves many
Manchester children will be closed Thursday and Friday.

Tashjian said there haven t been any confirmed cases of the H1N1 swine flu among
those absent, but school officials are assuming the flu is playing a part.

Tashjian says that on Tuesday and Wednesday about 150 students were absent,
about 25 percent of the student body.

Club to start pedestrian ferry

FERRISBURGH (AP) -- The Basin Harbor Club is planning to start a pedestrian
ferry that will shuttle passengers between Vermont and New York while the Lake
Champlain Bridge is out of service.

The club says it will carry passengers between its Ferrisburgh dock and
Westport, N.Y.

Basin Harbor Engineering Director Brian Goodyear tells the Rutland Herald the
resort has a 48-person boat.

Officials from Vermont and New York are scrambling to find ways to replace the
bridge between West Addison and Crown Point, N.Y., which was found to be
structurally unsound.

Grants available for specialty crops

MONTPELIER (AP) -- Producers of Vermont s "specialty crops" -- including fruits,
vegetables and maple products -- could be in line for more than $200,000 in
grants made available through last year s federal Farm Bill.

State Agriculture Secretary Roger Allbee says the Specialty Crop Block Grant
money is aimed at enhancing the competitiveness of Vermont crops, also including
honey, horticultural crops, tree nuts, dried fruits and nursery crops.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            October 16, 2011 Sunday

California receives federal specialty crop grants

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 124 words


SACRAMENTO   Block grants totaling $18.6 million have been awarded for specialty
crop research and programs in California. The total federal budget was $55
million.

Several of the grants look at pest management research, helping the bee
population, improving options for table olive products, development of olive oil
as an emerging market, etc. The complete list is at:
http://www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants.

Among the 72 projects, Northern California Regional Land Trust received $116,000
for its Buy Fresh Buy Local North Valley program, which promotes locally-grown
food.

Chico State University Research Foundation also receive $500,000 to help
low-income consumers tap into local farmers markets, expand community gardens
and encourage urban gardens.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: STATE_; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 514 words


Man charged with starting fire:

A man accused of starting a fire that burned five acres in a wetland area in
northern Illinois has been charged with reckless conduct. Woodstock police say
50-year-old David N. Ashley of Johnsburg was arrested at a campsite where he
told officers he was burning garbage and that the fire had gotten out of hand.
The Chicago Sun-Times reports that Monday's blaze burned about five acres of
land. No residential property was damaged. Ashley's bond was set at $1,500. A
phone number listed for Ashley was disconnected and he could not be reached for
comment. It was not clear whether he already had an attorney who could comment
on the case.

Man charged in shooting:

A Chicago man accused of shooting a 16-year-old in the head has been charged
with first-degree murder. A police statement says 21-year-old Antwan Elliott has
been charged with first-degree murder, aggravated unlawful use of a weapon and
possession of firearm without a valid FOID card. He was to appear in bond court
Tuesday. It was not immediately clear if he already had an attorney who could
comment on the case. Police say the victim, Giovanni Matos, was walking with
friends in the Portage Park neighborhood on March 15 when a car pulled up and an
argument ensued. According to police, Elliott got out of the car and opened
fire. Matos was hit and died at a hospital. His friends ran and were not
injured.

Lab begins urban project:

A public-private research laboratory in Chicago plans to develop and test
solutions to urban infrastructure problems it hopes can be used around the
world. UI Labs said Monday that its new CityWorks program will focus on energy
management, water and sanitation systems, transportation and logistical systems
and the rest of a city's urban infrastructure. UI Labs Executive Director
Caralynn Nowinski said in a news release that goal is to use Chicago as a test
market. She said the project plans to develop ideas in Chicago that can be
commercialized and put to work elsewhere. UI Labs is a project intended to link
the University of Illinois, the city of Chicago, the state's government and
major companies such as Microsoft and Accenture. The companies are involved in
the CityWorks project.

Grants for specialty crops:

The Illinois Department of Agriculture is accepting proposals for federal crop
grants to help farmers grow fruits, vegetables and nuts. Illinois will receive
more than $600,000 from a block grant that's part of the federal Farm Bill.
Grants are available for projects that improve the economic competitiveness of
Illinois-grown specialty crops. Agriculture Director Philip Nelson says
specialty crops provide not only nutritional value to diets but a primary source
of income to many farmers. Projects that benefit a particular product or result
in profit to an organization are not eligible. Farmers' markets, roadside stands
and other programs may submit proposals to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Farmers' Market and Local Food Promotion Program.

Statistics from 2012 show more than 106,000 acres in Illinois raise specialty
crops.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              400 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

Illinois Receives Nearly $650,000 To Enhance Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1440  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO, Sept. 25 -- The State Of Illinois has issued following Press Release:

Illinois Department of Agriculture (IDOA) Director Tom Jennings today announced
that farmers and organizations across the state will receive nearly $650,000 to
enhance specialty crops thanks to funding from the United States Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program - Farm Bill.

"Illinois' fertile soil and favorable climate are good for growing a wide
variety of crops," Director Jennings said. "The purpose of these grants is to
encourage additional production and access to nutritious, locally grown fruits
and vegetables."

Thirty seven projects will receive a share of the funds, which are intended to
strengthen the state's specialty crop industry by expanding the availability of
fresh, locally-grown produce. Specialty crops are defined as fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops, including
floriculture.

While best known for growing corn and soybeans, Illinois is the largest producer
of pumpkins in the nation and ranks among the top ten states in the production
of other specialty crops such as asparagus, cauliflower, green peas and lima
beans. The state devotes more than 117,000 acres of farmland to growing
specialty crops, which produces nearly $137 million in sales for Illinois
farmers.

A list of the grant recipients, projects and the amount of their award follows:

University of Illinois $9,648

Provide agricultural and good handling practices training to specialty crop
producers and retailers and technical support to develop food safety plans for
their specialty crop enterprises

University of Illinois $16,108

Create the Illinois Organic Growers Association and support the first year of
educational and networking opportunities to Illinois specialty crop growers
interested in organic and

ecologically-oriented growing and marketing techniques

Peoria RiverFront Association $10,000

Develop a multi-media advertisement campaign to increase awareness of the
farmers market as well as the health and nutritional benefits of locally grown
specialty crops

Carlyle Lake Chamber of Commerce $10,000

Provide educational demonstrations at the local farmers market; develop and
distribute educational specialty crop handouts

Jacksonville Main Street $6,700

Develop a multi-media advertisement campaign to increase awareness and access to
healthy food products

Downtown Bloomington Association $26,000

Develop an advertisement campaign to increase awareness and sales of specialty
crops at Uptown Normal's Trailside Market and the Downtown Bloomington Farmers
Market

Experimental Station $10,000

Marketing materials for dissemination throughout Chicago; expansion of in-school
and after-school educational outreach to low income youth about the nutritional
benefits, cultivation and preparation of organic and sustainably grown fruits
and vegetable

Illinois Grape Growers and Vintners Association $10,000

Expand viticulture knowledge dissemination at the Illinois Grape Growers and
Vintners Association's Annual Conference and Tradeshow through collaborating
with neighboring state associations and communicating with experts within the
field of viticulture

Taylorville Main Street $4,087

Expand the consumption of Illinois specialty crops through an extensive
advertising

campaign

Mt. Carroll Chamber of Commerce $8,546

In collaboration with Learn Great Foods, provide quality programs/demonstrations
specific to locally grown specialty crops in order to increase awareness and
consumption; implement an advertising campaign

Buffalo Grove Farmers Market $9,984

Implement an advertising campaign to teach people about the nutritional benefits
associated with Illinois-grown vegetables and encourage them to change their
eating habits

Jo Daviess County Farm Bureau $7,583

Implement a marketing campaign to promote specialty crops at local farmers
markets

Batavia MainStreet $13,735

Implement a marketing campaign to promote awareness, education and sales of
local specialty crops

Champaign-Urbana Public Health District $10,000

Implement a social marketing, social media and WIC client education campaign
that promotes specialty crop growers in the Champaign County region, as well as
the nutritional benefits of those crops

Village of Lemont $6,245

Develop a marketing campaign to increase awareness and purchases of Illinois
specialty crops offered at the Lemont Farmers Market

Downtown Springfield, Inc. $10,000

Supplement a current advertisement campaign with the addition of promoting
individual and familial purchase of specialty crops through the utilization of
Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT)

Knox County Food Development Council $50,000

Provide education, resources, technical assistance, and market development for
the local specialty crop food industry through a growers' incubator, food
consolidator, advertisements for local specialty crops at farmers markets,
season extension demonstrations, as well as market research into potential value
added processing of specialty crops

Geneva Green Market $9,700

Develop a multi-media advertisement campaign for the Geneva Winter Market

Lan-Oak Park District $10,000

Marketing campaign, including banners, signs and reusable shopping bags, to
generate awareness of specialty crops and the district's farmers market

Village of Schaumburg $7,829

Supplement existing advertising campaign for the Olde Schaumburg Centre Farmers
Market

Illinois Agriculture in the Classroom $10,000

Develop a new Pumpkins Ag Mag to increase awareness of the specialty crop and
introduce more students to the ideas of locally grown foods and the farmers that
grow them

Land Connection Foundation $26,220

Implement a training program that will professionally market and educate the
general public about the importance of specialty crops in Illinois

Esther's Place $8,680

Provide education to students and teachers at local schools about the production
and preparation of specialty crops in order to help the next generation
understand vital aspects of specialty crop origins and nutritional information

Illinois Stewardship Alliance $10,000

Expand a marketing campaign to increase sales and consumption of central

Illinois specialty crops

Annie's Project $10,000

Provide educational opportunities to women that will help them utilize small
acre

resources through the addition or expansion of specialty crop commodities to
their production and marketing practices

Land of Goshen Community Market $14,682

Create a "Market Sprouts" programs targeting children by providing activities
promoting fresh, locally grown specialty crops in a centrally located area

Chicago Defender Charities $8,700

Educate youth in the Englewood community by utilizing the Heritage Garden to
produce vegetables and teach residents the importance of nutrition and healthy
eating habits

Illinois Specialty Crop Growers Association $24,450

Facilitate a conference in order to educate Illinois specialty crop producers on
various topics

Southern Illinois University $13,604

Implement a farm-to-school program whereby fresh fruits and vegetables will be
processed during the summer months for local schools

Southern Illinois University $57,017

Develop practical management strategies that increase the sustainability of
Illinois wine grape production

University of Illinois $39,962

Conduct research, demonstrations and deliver educational programs on varieties,

production practices and pest management for tomatoes, peppers and salad greens
grown in high tunnels

Southern Sisters Spirits $10,950

Develop a public education campaign about locally grown grapes

National Agricultural Statistics Service Illinois Field Office $30,000

Conduct a 2010 specialty crops survey of roughly 3,000 specialty crop growers in
order to assist in an estimation of the growth of the specialty crop industry in
Illinois

Mills Apple Farm $23,472

Develop a demonstration sweet cherry orchard using slanted and trellised trees

grown in high tunnels

FamilyFarmed.org $35,000

Create a business plan for a pack house located in central Illinois that
aggregates, stores,

markets and distributes specialty crop products from area farms to Illinois
wholesale buyers

Central Illinois Agricultural Research Farms $12,372

Develop and refine a sustainable and organic vegetable production system

IDOA $66,810

Provide educational workshops and promotional activities that target new and
existing specialty crop producers and at-risk consumers

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              401 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development Announces Specialty
Crop Grant Awardees

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development has issued
the following press release:



 Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director Jamie
Clover Adams announced today the Michigan recipients of the United States
Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.





 "Each of these projects will help enhance of the growth of Michigan's food and
agriculture industry," said Clover Adams. "We look forward to working with the
grantees on the successful outcomes of their work."



 The grants, with a maximum award of $100,000 each, enhance the competitiveness
of the state's specialty crops. Below is the list of grantees:



 o    Celery Research, Inc. - $95,280. Evaluation of Antimicrobial Treatments to
Effectively Control Listeria Monocytogenes, Salmonella sp. and STEC Escherichia
coli on Celery Stalks.

 o    Cherry Marketing Institute - $100,000. Maintaining Competitive Advantage
against Imports: Introducing Montmorency Tart Cherries, the Cherry with More.

 o    Hop Growers of Michigan - $76,415. Hop Quality Improvement, Training and
Verification Program.

 o    Kalamazoo Valley Community College - $97,414. Supporting Specialty Crop
Growers in Business Development and Food Safety to Supply Institutional
Customers.

 o    MBG Marketing - $95,335. Development and Demonstration of Best Management
Practices to Reduce Blueberry Gall Wasp Impacts in Michigan.

 o    Michigan Apple Committee - $61,448. Building on Success: Engaging Fresh
Apple Consumers Social Media.

 o    Michigan Asparagus Advisory Board - $84,631. Delivering a Sustainable
Production System to Michigan Asparagus Growers.

 o    Michigan Bean Commission - $99,998. Dry Bean Disease Induced Yield
Constraints Associated with High Performance Production Systems.

 o    Michigan Carrot Committee - $98,707. Integrated Nitrogen, Disease, and
Weed Management Strategies in Carrots.

 o    Michigan Onion Committee - $99,885. Assessing the Role of Onion Thrips and
Nutrients in Bacterial Leaf Blight in Michigan Onions.

 o    Michigan Potato Industry Commission - $99,805. Developing Tools to
Identify Post-Harvest Quality Traits for Commercial Chip-Processing Potatoes.

 o    Michigan Tree Fruit Commission - $99,753. Development of Mobile Ready
Products and Frost Control Decision Support Tools for Michigan Fruit Growers.

 o    Michigan Agritourism Association - $85,219. Educating Specialty Crop
Direct Marketers on Best Practices in Consumer Communication & Education.

 o    Michigan Cherry Committee - $99,996. Refining Spotted Wing Drosophila
Management Practices in Michigan Cherries.

 o    Michigan Integrated Food and Farming Systems - $100,000. Staying
Competitive: Launching a Database of Farmer Food Safety Complaint Practices.

 o    Michigan Nursery and Landscape Association - $79,799. The Worst of the
Worst MI Nursery Weeds: Evaluation of Adjuvant & Herbicide Combinations.

 o    Michigan State Horticultural Society - $48,300. Developing Apple and
Cherry Maximum Residue Limit (MRL) Management Tools to Protect Domestic and
International Markets.

 o    Michigan Farmers Market Association - $99,928. Promotion, Marketing, and
Consumer Education to Enhance the Competitiveness of Michigan's Specialty Crops.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              402 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

April 4 field day to cover season extension, strawberries

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi State University Extension has issued the following news
release:



 Producers interested in season extension for specialty crops and commercial
strawberry production can learn about these topics during an upcoming field day.





 The Season Extension and Commercial Strawberry Production Field Day will be
April 4 at the Mississippi State University Truck Crops Branch Experiment
Station, located at 2024 Experiment Station Road in Crystal Springs. It begins
at 9 a.m. and ends at 4 p.m.



 Classroom topics will cover equipment for season extension of fruits,
vegetables and cut flowers, as well as strawberry culture and management.
Participants also will taste strawberry varieties grown at the unit and tour the
Experiment Station grounds to see examples of mulches, row tunnels, low tunnels,
insect barrier cloths, the strawberry trial field, and high tunnels and
greenhouses. Attendees will have an opportunity to set up a low tunnel.



 Preregistration is required to ensure a seat for lunch and the strawberry
tasting. Hats and boots are recommended for the field tour.



 The field day is a joint production by experts with the Mississippi
Agricultural and Forestry Experiment Station, the Mississippi State University
Extension Service and the Alliance for Sustainable Agricultural Production. It
is supported through a Mississippi Department of Agriculture and Commerce
Specialty Crop Block Grant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              403 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

IU researcher gets grant to study lengthening growing season for farmers

BYLINE: Kat Carlton, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Nov. 23--How can Indiana farmers increase their growing season?

One Indiana University professor will try to answer that question, thanks to a
$128,000 grant from the Indiana State Department of Agriculture.

For his research, IU School of Public Health assistant professor James Farmer
will study high tunnels, which are often mistaken for greenhouses. High tunnels
(or polytunnels, as they're sometimes called) are long tunnels placed over crops
. Unlike glass greenhouses, which are generally permanent heated fixtures that
cost more money to operate, high tunnels use passive sunlight to heat plants and
can be taken down during the regular growing season.

"You can really increase your yield per square foot under high tunnels," said
Farmer.

So, Farmer said he hopes his research findings contribute to greater food
security and provide economic gains.

Some research already exists to support the benefits of high tunnels, said
Farmer, but Indiana growers have mixed experiences with them. So the researcher
will survey growers to find out the most successful ways they can be
implemented.

"We're looking for common denominators," he said, in order to put together a
technical manual for best practices.

Some growers believe that by using controlled amounts of sun, the tunnels heat
and help grow crops outside of their typical growing seasons. In addition,
tunnel walls can help keep out wind, insects and rain, so growers have control
over how much water gets to their plants.

Farmer's study will focus on growers of fruits and vegetables, a subset of what
are known as "specialty crops."

In other words, "a lot of things you'd see at the farmers' market," said Farmer,
like tomatoes, peppers or kale.

He will work with an IU postdoctoral student to gather data. Purdue
collaborators will lead agro-ecology research. His study is one of five projects
funded by the ISDA through a U.S. Department of Agriculture block grant. By the
end of this year, the USDA will have invested $1.5 million since 2012 into
similar resource conservation efforts nationwide, including the construction of
more than 169 high tunnels.

Farmer's team will survey 400 high tunnel users, complete case studies on 16
farms and conduct specialty crop production trials in high tunnels. That will
result in the first official assessments of the utility and contribution of high
tunnels and their production of specialty crops.

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151123-BM-IU-researcher-gets-grant-to-study-lengthening-growing-season-for-far
mers-1123-20151123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times

                              404 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

IU researcher gets grant to study lengthening growing season for farmers

BYLINE: Kat Carlton, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Nov. 24--How can Indiana farmers increase their growing season?

One Indiana University professor will try to answer that question, thanks to a
$128,000 grant from the Indiana State Department of Agriculture.

For his research, IU School of Public Health assistant professor James Farmer
will study high tunnels, which are often mistaken for greenhouses. High tunnels
(or polytunnels, as they're sometimes called) are long tunnels usually made of
plastic that are placed over crops. Unlike greenhouses, which are generally
heated, permanent fixtures that cost more money to operate, high tunnels use
passive sunlight to heat plants and can be taken down during the regular growing
season.

"You can really increase your yield per square foot under high tunnels," said
Farmer.

So, Farmer said he hopes his research findings contribute to greater food
security and provide economic gains.

Some research already exists to support the benefits of high tunnels, said
Farmer, but Indiana growers have mixed experiences with them. So the researcher
will survey growers to find out the most successful ways they can be
implemented.

"We're looking for common denominators," he said, in order to put together a
technical manual for best practices.

Some growers believe that by using controlled amounts of sun, the tunnels heat
and help grow crops outside of their typical growing seasons. In addition,
tunnel walls can help keep out wind, insects and rain, so growers have control
over how much water gets to their plants.

Farmer's study will focus on growers of fruits and vegetables, a subset of what
are known as "specialty crops."

In other words, "a lot of things you'd see at the farmers' market," said Farmer,
like tomatoes, peppers or kale.

He will work with an IU postdoctoral student to gather data. Purdue
collaborators will lead agro-ecology research. His study is one of five projects
funded by the ISDA through a U.S. Department of Agriculture block grant. By the
end of this year, the USDA will have invested $1.5 million since 2012 into
similar resource conservation efforts nationwide, including the construction of
more than 169 high tunnels.

Farmer's team will survey 400 high tunnel users, complete case studies on 16
farms and conduct specialty crop production trials in high tunnels. That will
result in the first official assessments of the utility and contribution of high
tunnels and their production of specialty crops.

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151124-BM-IU-researcher-gets-grant-to-study-lengthening-growing-season-for-far
mers-1124-20151124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times

                              405 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1434  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS)



  The Department of Agriculture will submit the following information collection
requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act
of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or after the date of publication of this notice.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology should be
addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building,
Washington, DC; New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington,
DC 20503. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email
to: or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail
Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602.





 Comments regarding these information collections are best assured of having
their full effect if received by October 28, 2016. Copies of the submission(s)
may be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Agricultural Marketing Service



 Title: AMS Grant Programs.



 OMB Control Number: 0581-0240.



 Summary of Collection: The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently
consolidated its grant programs into one Grants Division. Due to this
organization merger, AMS is merging its other three grant collections, 0581-0235
"Farmers' Market Promotion Program," (FMPP); 0581-0248 "Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (SCBGP)--Farm Bill," 0581-0287 "Local Food Promotion Program,"
(LFPP); and a new program "Specialty Crop Multi-state Program," into the renewal
of 0581-0240 "The Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program." (FSMIP) This
revised collection will be retitled 0581-0240 "AMS Grant Programs." All the
grant programs are authorized pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA)
of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621, et. seq.) and the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing
Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3001) are implemented through the Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Super
Circular) (2 CFR 200).



 Need and Use of the Information: The grants authorized by the FMPP are targeted
to help improve and expand domestic farmers' markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs, agri-tourism activities, and other
direct producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities. Grants authorized under
LFPP support the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises to increase domestic consumption of, and access to locally and
regionally produced agricultural products, and to develop new market
opportunities for farm and ranch operations serving local markets. The SCBGP
works to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops. The SCMP competitively
award funds to State departments of agriculture to solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops by funding collaborative, multi-state
projects that address regional or national level specialty crop issues. FSMIP
provides matching funds on a competitive basis to assist eligible entities in
exploring new market opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
aimed at improving the efficiency and performance of the marketing system. The
information collection requirements in this request are needed to implement the
grant programs. The information will be used by AMS to establish the entity's
eligibility for participation, the suitability of the budget for the proposed
project, and compliance with applicable Federal regulations.



 Description of Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government.



 Number of Respondents: 1,866.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually; Semi-annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 51,820.

 Agricultural Marketing Service



 Title: Specialty Crops Market News Reports.



 OMB Control Number: 0581-0006.



 Summary of Collection: Section 203(g) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946
(7 U.S.C. 1621) directs and authorizes the collection of information and
disseminating of marketing information including adequate outlook information on
a market-area basis for the purpose of anticipating and meeting consumer
requirements, aiding in the maintenance of farm income and bring about balance
between production and utilization of agriculture products. Market News provides
all interested segments of the market chain with market information tends to
equalize the competitive position of all market participants. The fruit and
vegetable industries, through their organizations, or government agencies
present formal requests that the Department of Agriculture issue daily, weekly,
semi-monthly, or monthly market news reports on various aspects of the industry.




 This renewal submission reflects a name change to the Program. A notice to
trade was posted September 16, 2015, indicating the Program name be changed from
Fruit and Vegetable Program to Specialty Crops Program.



 Need and Use of the Information: AMS will collect market information on some
411 specialty crops for prices and supply. The production of Market News reports
that are then available to the industry and other interested parties in various
formats. Information is provided on a voluntary basis and collected in person
through face-to-face interviews and by confidential telephone throughout the
country by market reporters. The absence of these data would deny primary and
secondary users information that otherwise would be available to aid them in
their production, marketing decisions, analyses, research and knowledge of
current market conditions. The omission of these data could adversely affect
prices, supply, and demand.



 Description of Respondents: Farms; Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 4,359.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Daily; Weekly; Monthly.



 Total Burden Hours: 84,155.

 Agricultural Marketing Service



 Title: Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements under Regulations (Other than
Rules of Practice) Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930.



 OMB Control Number: 0581-0031.



 Summary of Collection: The Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (PACA) (7
U.S.C. 499a-499t) and 7 CFR part 46, establishes a code of fair trading
practices covering the marketing of fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables in
interstate or foreign commerce. It protects growers, shippers and distributors
by prohibiting unfair practices. PACA requires nearly all persons who operate as
commission merchants, dealers and brokers buying or selling fruit and or
vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce to be licensed. The license for
retailers and grocery wholesalers is effective for three years and for all other
licensees up to three years, unless withdrawn.



 Need and Use of the Information: Using various forms and business records, AMS
will collect information from the applicant to administer licensing provisions
under the Act, to adjudicate contract disputes, and for the purpose of enforcing
the PACA and its regulations. If this information were unavailable, it would be
impossible to identify and regulate the individuals or firms that are restricted
due to sanctions imposed because of the reparation or administrative actions.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Farms.



 Number of Respondents: 13,543.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 87,406.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23319 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-02-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              406 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 5, 2005 Sunday

FARM ILLINOIS

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 590 words


* From the field

Illinois Agriculture Director Chuck Hartke on a new specialty crops grant
program: "People throughout Illinois and the nation are adopting healthier
lifestyles. Instead of reaching into the cookie jar, they're choosing an apple
or fresh greens. That demand is reflected in the continuous growth of the
specialty crops market and in the number of farmers' markets through the state.
In 1999, there were 97 farmers' markets in Illinois. Today, there are more than
160.

"We're announcing an additional $200,000 in specialty crops grants through the
Governor's Opportunity Returns program to help small-to medium-size farmers
promote and market their Illinois grown produce.

"In 2001, Illinois received $900,000 of a $159.4 million Specialty Crop Block
Grant program approved by Congress. Those funds have helped market the nation's
largest hydroponic bell pepper plant, built in Dewitt County, develop marketing
plans and promotional campaigns for small specialty crop operations around the
state, and contributed to the creation of the 'Illinois, Where Fresh Is ...'
logo. Applications for the $200,000 that remains from the 2001 appropriation are
now available for projects or programs in 2006."

Additional information and applications are available from Kim Janssen at the
IDOA at 785-5848.

* Crop watch

"Our office has received a few calls this week regarding alfalfa stands
highlighted by yellow leaves. Some suspect leafhopper injury. However, reported
marginal leafhopper populations in many of those fields and the fairly recent
appearance of this pest make the likelihood of leafhopper damage a little
suspect for many.

"Yellow, leafhopper-like symptoms also can appear in alfalfa when boron, a
micronutrient, is deficient, and the appearance of boron deficiency is more
likely during dry weather.

"The producer should sweep yellowed alfalfa for leafhoppers first. If
leafhoppers are absent or at sub-threshold levels, producers should consider
applying a strip of borax to a yellowed area of the field. If the plant starts
turning green following such an application, it might warrant a call to your
fertilizer dealer. The possibility of boron deficiency highlights the need for
rain in our area, and while the yield situation is not yet dire, a timely rain
would make everyone breathe a little easier." - Matt Montgomery, crops systems
specialist, Sangamon-Menard Extension.

* Coming up

* Illinois Purebred Swine Council Junior Preview Show, today, Swine Barn,
Illinois State Fairgrounds. Admission is free. For information, call Grant Strom
at (309) 639-2269.

* ISOBA Harness Racing, Saturday, one-mile track and Grandstand, Illinois State
Fairgrounds. Admission is free. Racing starts at noon. For information, call
John Cisna at 522-8781.

* American Forage and Grassland Council Conference, June 14, Radisson Hotel,
Bloomington. Bruce Knight, chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service,
is keynote speaker. The meeting is held in conjunction with the Illinois Forage
Expo at Funk Farms in Shirley, June 11-15. For more information or to register
for the conference, go to www.afgc.org.

* InfoAg 2005 Precision Farming Conference, July 19-21, Springfield. A
pre-conference tour on Monday, July 18, will visit several stops: a retail
dealership that provides crop inputs, precision technology, and information
services; a local high-tech farming operation; and a precision technology
manufacturer. For more information, go to www.infoag.org or call 762-2074.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FARMLAND WATCH SEPARATE DUE TO NFDW

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register

                              407 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Fresno Bee

                             May 28, 2005, Saturday

California fruit and vegetable to benefit from federal program

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle

LENGTH: 499 words



WASHINGTON -- Some congressional pocket change is coming California's way,
modestly aiding the state's fruit and vegetable growers.

In a small case study of how Congress cuts deals, a key House panel this week
approved $ 7 million for a new grant program to promote fruits and vegetables.
As the nation's largest specialty crop producer, California will harvest more
money than any other state.

"These initial funds will help us continue to fight for future funds," Monterey
Democrat Sam Farr said, "as well as better position specialty crops for the next
farm bill."

Designed to "enhance the competitiveness" of fruits and vegetables, the program
is similar to an earlier one that helped fund University of California research,
conduct a study of the California citrus industry and evaluate new
peach-and-pear fruit cups for school use, among other efforts.

"It would be our hope that the $ 7 million is just the very beginning," said
Kathleen Nave, president of the Fresno-based California Table Grape Commission,
but "there's a lot we can do with small grants."

As Farr suggested, though, tactical positioning to boost future funding requests
may well be the biggest consequence of what he acknowledged was a "modest
amount" of money. California's immediate take likely will amount to about $
900,000 -- less than one-one tenth of 1 percent of the value of the state's
fruit and vegetable production.

The House Appropriations Committee provided the overall $ 7 million for the
specialty crop block grant program as part of the overall $ 82 billion spending
package that funds the Agriculture Department and Food and Drug Administration.

The spending bill is the annual vehicle for revising -- or retaining -- farm
policy. This year's bill approved by committee voice vote on Thursday, for
instance, dismisses Bush administration proposals to cap crop subsidies and
increase meat and poultry inspection fees.

The fiscal 2006 spending bill further delays by another year a previously passed
country-of-origin label requirement for fruits, vegetables and meat.

In one move welcomed by California producers, the bill includes $ 200 million
for the existing Market Access Program. This is more than twice as much as was
provided last year, for a grant program whose recent recipients have included
the California Pistachio Commission, California Walnut Commission and others.

"Obviously, we're very supportive of that," said Richard Peterson, executive
director of the Sacramento-based California Dried Plum Board. "We don't get
other government subsidies or anything else."


-----

To see more of The Fresno Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fresnobee.com Copyright (c) 2005, The Fresno Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FR-CROP-AID-20050528

JOURNAL-CODE: FR

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 The Fresno Bee

                              408 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Michigan Fruit Growers Encouraged to Complete USDA Fruit Acreage
Inventory

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Today, Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director
Jamie Clover Adams encouraged the state's fruit growers to complete the 2014
Fruit Acreage Inventory being conducted by the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The fruit industry is a vital component to Michigan's food and agriculture
economy," commented Jamie Clover Adams, MDARD Director. "Michigan ranks among
the top three states in the country in our production of many fruits, with a
combined annual farm gate value exceeding $500 million in 2013.  Knowing the
trends in planted acres and varieties helps us to address the future needs of
the Michigan fruit sector."

The survey includes important questions about the supply of labor available to
growers, which will help agricultural organization leaders respond to the
growing shortage of labor in the sector.

Survey forms were mailed to USDA's database of Michigan fruit growers in early
February with completed forms to be returned as soon as possible. Assistance in
completing the survey is available from USDA staff by calling (800) 453-7501 and
follow up by USDA staff will start in March.

The results of the 2014 Fruit Survey will be available in late fall 2015 and
will provide a summary of the fruit acreage in Michigan and the varieties that
have been planted.
Funding to conduct the survey is provided through the federal Specialty Crop
Block Grant program administered by MDARD. The goal of the program is to
increase the competitiveness of specialty crop industries both nationally and
globally, which includes fruit, vegetables, herbs, bedding plants, maple syrup
and other crops.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              409 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Michigan: Michigan Fruit Growers Encouraged to Complete USDA Fruit Acreage
Inventory

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Today, Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director
Jamie Clover Adams encouraged the state's fruit growers to complete the 2014
Fruit Acreage Inventory being conducted by the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The fruit industry is a vital component to Michigan's food and agriculture
economy," commented Jamie Clover Adams, MDARD Director. "Michigan ranks among
the top three states in the country in our production of many fruits, with a
combined annual farm gate value exceeding $500 million in 2013.  Knowing the
trends in planted acres and varieties helps us to address the future needs of
the Michigan fruit sector."

The survey includes important questions about the supply of labor available to
growers, which will help agricultural organization leaders respond to the
growing shortage of labor in the sector.

Survey forms were mailed to USDA's database of Michigan fruit growers in early
February with completed forms to be returned as soon as possible. Assistance in
completing the survey is available from USDA staff by calling (800) 453-7501 and
follow up by USDA staff will start in March.

The results of the 2014 Fruit Survey will be available in late fall 2015 and
will provide a summary of the fruit acreage in Michigan and the varieties that
have been planted.
Funding to conduct the survey is provided through the federal Specialty Crop
Block Grant program administered by MDARD. The goal of the program is to
increase the competitiveness of specialty crop industries both nationally and
globally, which includes fruit, vegetables, herbs, bedding plants, maple syrup
and other crops.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              410 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 66620 - 66621
[FR DOC # 2016-23319]

LENGTH: 1456  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request September 22, 2016. The Department of Agriculture will
submit the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and
clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or
after the date of publication of this notice. Comments are requested regarding
(1) whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information
will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, Washington, DC; New Executive Office
Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20503. Commenters are encouraged
to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by October 28, 2016. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: AMS
Grant Programs. OMB Control Number: 0581-0240. Summary of Collection: The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently consolidated its grant programs
into one Grants Division. Due to this organization merger, AMS is merging its
other three grant collections, 0581-0235 ``Farmers' Market Promotion Program,''
(FMPP); 0581-0248 ``Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP)--Farm Bill,''
0581-0287 ``Local Food Promotion Program,'' (LFPP); and a new program
``Specialty Crop Multi-state Program,'' into the renewal of 0581-0240 ``The
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.'' (FSMIP) This revised collection
will be retitled 0581-0240 ``AMS Grant Programs.'' All the grant programs are
authorized pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) of 1946 (7 U.S.C.
1621, et. seq.) and the Farmer- to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7
U.S.C. 3001) are implemented through the Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Super Circular) (2
CFR 200). Need and Use of the Information: The grants authorized by the FMPP are
targeted to help improve and expand domestic farmers' markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs, agri-tourism activities, and other
direct producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities. Grants authorized under
LFPP support the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises to increase domestic consumption of, and access to locally and
regionally produced agricultural products, and to develop new market
opportunities for farm and ranch operations serving local markets. The SCBGP
works to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops. The SCMP competitively
award funds to State departments of agriculture to solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops by funding collaborative, multi- state
projects that address regional or national level specialty crop issues. FSMIP
provides matching funds on a competitive basis to assist eligible entities in
exploring new market opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
aimed at improving the efficiency and performance of the marketing system. The
information collection requirements in this request are needed to implement the
grant programs. The information will be used by AMS to establish the entity's
eligibility for participation, the suitability of the budget for the proposed
project, and compliance with applicable Federal regulations. Description of
Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 1,866.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually; Semi-annually. Total Burden Hours:
51,820. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: Specialty Crops Market News
Reports. OMB Control Number: 0581-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 203(g) of
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621) directs and authorizes
the collection of information and disseminating of marketing information
including adequate outlook information on a market-area basis for the purpose of
anticipating and meeting consumer requirements, aiding in the maintenance of
farm income and bring about balance between production and utilization of
agriculture products. Market News provides all interested segments of the market
chain with market information tends to equalize the competitive position of all
market participants. The fruit and vegetable industries, through their
organizations, or government agencies present formal requests that the
Department of Agriculture issue daily, weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly market
news reports on various aspects of the industry. This renewal submission
reflects a name change to the Program. A notice to trade was posted September
16, 2015, indicating the Program name be changed from Fruit and Vegetable
Program to Specialty Crops Program. Need and Use of the Information: AMS will
collect market information on [[Page 66621]] some 411 specialty crops for prices
and supply. The production of Market News reports that are then available to the
industry and other interested parties in various formats. Information is
provided on a voluntary basis and collected in person through face-to-face
interviews and by confidential telephone throughout the country by market
reporters. The absence of these data would deny primary and secondary users
information that otherwise would be available to aid them in their production,
marketing decisions, analyses, research and knowledge of current market
conditions. The omission of these data could adversely affect prices, supply,
and demand. Description of Respondents: Farms; Business or other for-profit.
Number of Respondents: 4,359. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Daily; Weekly;
Monthly. Total Burden Hours: 84,155. Agricultural Marketing Service Title:
Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements under Regulations (Other than Rules of
Practice) Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930. OMB Control
Number: 0581-0031. Summary of Collection: The Perishable Agricultural
Commodities Act (PACA) (7 U.S.C. 499a-499t) and 7 CFR part 46, establishes a
code of fair trading practices covering the marketing of fresh and frozen fruits
and vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce. It protects growers, shippers
and distributors by prohibiting unfair practices. PACA requires nearly all
persons who operate as commission merchants, dealers and brokers buying or
selling fruit and or vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce to be
licensed. The license for retailers and grocery wholesalers is effective for
three years and for all other licensees up to three years, unless withdrawn.
Need and Use of the Information: Using various forms and business records, AMS
will collect information from the applicant to administer licensing provisions
under the Act, to adjudicate contract disputes, and for the purpose of enforcing
the PACA and its regulations. If this information were unavailable, it would be
impossible to identify and regulate the individuals or firms that are restricted
due to sanctions imposed because of the reparation or administrative actions.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Farms. Number of
Respondents: 13,543. Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 87,406. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23319 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              411 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 66620 - 66621
[FR DOC # 2016-23319]

LENGTH: 1456  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request September 22, 2016. The Department of Agriculture will
submit the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and
clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or
after the date of publication of this notice. Comments are requested regarding
(1) whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information
will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, Washington, DC; New Executive Office
Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20503. Commenters are encouraged
to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by October 28, 2016. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: AMS
Grant Programs. OMB Control Number: 0581-0240. Summary of Collection: The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently consolidated its grant programs
into one Grants Division. Due to this organization merger, AMS is merging its
other three grant collections, 0581-0235 ``Farmers' Market Promotion Program,''
(FMPP); 0581-0248 ``Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP)--Farm Bill,''
0581-0287 ``Local Food Promotion Program,'' (LFPP); and a new program
``Specialty Crop Multi-state Program,'' into the renewal of 0581-0240 ``The
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.'' (FSMIP) This revised collection
will be retitled 0581-0240 ``AMS Grant Programs.'' All the grant programs are
authorized pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) of 1946 (7 U.S.C.
1621, et. seq.) and the Farmer- to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7
U.S.C. 3001) are implemented through the Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Super Circular) (2
CFR 200). Need and Use of the Information: The grants authorized by the FMPP are
targeted to help improve and expand domestic farmers' markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs, agri-tourism activities, and other
direct producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities. Grants authorized under
LFPP support the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises to increase domestic consumption of, and access to locally and
regionally produced agricultural products, and to develop new market
opportunities for farm and ranch operations serving local markets. The SCBGP
works to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops. The SCMP competitively
award funds to State departments of agriculture to solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops by funding collaborative, multi- state
projects that address regional or national level specialty crop issues. FSMIP
provides matching funds on a competitive basis to assist eligible entities in
exploring new market opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
aimed at improving the efficiency and performance of the marketing system. The
information collection requirements in this request are needed to implement the
grant programs. The information will be used by AMS to establish the entity's
eligibility for participation, the suitability of the budget for the proposed
project, and compliance with applicable Federal regulations. Description of
Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 1,866.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually; Semi-annually. Total Burden Hours:
51,820. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: Specialty Crops Market News
Reports. OMB Control Number: 0581-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 203(g) of
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621) directs and authorizes
the collection of information and disseminating of marketing information
including adequate outlook information on a market-area basis for the purpose of
anticipating and meeting consumer requirements, aiding in the maintenance of
farm income and bring about balance between production and utilization of
agriculture products. Market News provides all interested segments of the market
chain with market information tends to equalize the competitive position of all
market participants. The fruit and vegetable industries, through their
organizations, or government agencies present formal requests that the
Department of Agriculture issue daily, weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly market
news reports on various aspects of the industry. This renewal submission
reflects a name change to the Program. A notice to trade was posted September
16, 2015, indicating the Program name be changed from Fruit and Vegetable
Program to Specialty Crops Program. Need and Use of the Information: AMS will
collect market information on [[Page 66621]] some 411 specialty crops for prices
and supply. The production of Market News reports that are then available to the
industry and other interested parties in various formats. Information is
provided on a voluntary basis and collected in person through face-to-face
interviews and by confidential telephone throughout the country by market
reporters. The absence of these data would deny primary and secondary users
information that otherwise would be available to aid them in their production,
marketing decisions, analyses, research and knowledge of current market
conditions. The omission of these data could adversely affect prices, supply,
and demand. Description of Respondents: Farms; Business or other for-profit.
Number of Respondents: 4,359. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Daily; Weekly;
Monthly. Total Burden Hours: 84,155. Agricultural Marketing Service Title:
Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements under Regulations (Other than Rules of
Practice) Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930. OMB Control
Number: 0581-0031. Summary of Collection: The Perishable Agricultural
Commodities Act (PACA) (7 U.S.C. 499a-499t) and 7 CFR part 46, establishes a
code of fair trading practices covering the marketing of fresh and frozen fruits
and vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce. It protects growers, shippers
and distributors by prohibiting unfair practices. PACA requires nearly all
persons who operate as commission merchants, dealers and brokers buying or
selling fruit and or vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce to be
licensed. The license for retailers and grocery wholesalers is effective for
three years and for all other licensees up to three years, unless withdrawn.
Need and Use of the Information: Using various forms and business records, AMS
will collect information from the applicant to administer licensing provisions
under the Act, to adjudicate contract disputes, and for the purpose of enforcing
the PACA and its regulations. If this information were unavailable, it would be
impossible to identify and regulate the individuals or firms that are restricted
due to sanctions imposed because of the reparation or administrative actions.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Farms. Number of
Respondents: 13,543. Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 87,406. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23319 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              412 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 18, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

GROWING CONCERNLocal farmers hope 2008 bill in Congress may bear fruit

BYLINE: JOE CREWS - BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: SECTION E; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1247  words

DATELINE: DELAND


DELAND -- Farmers and ranchers in Volusia and Flagler counties will have a
growing interest in what gets included in the 2008 farm bill being debated in
Congress.

The Bush administration's proposal, the starting point for negotiations, calls
for $618.5 billion to be spent over the next 10 years, less than a 1 percent
increase over current spending. However, two-thirds of the money would go to
food-stamp recipients, not to farmers.

Area farmers have received increasing amounts of money from Washington in recent
years, but much of the aid has been disaster- related, rather than subsidies for
day-to-day operations.

The bill establishes U.S. Department of Agriculture subsidies for crops and
conservation programs, as well as social programs such as food stamps and school
lunch initiatives. It will replace the 2002 farm bill, which expires Sept. 30.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has drafted recommendations for the bill that
have pleased Florida's agriculture commissioner and various farm interest groups
in the state.

For the first time ever, there is a strong focus on fruit, vegetable and nursery
crops which now make up almost 55 percent of (Florida's) cash receipts in
agriculture," Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson said in a statement.

Johanns' proposal includes nearly $5 billion to support those specialty crops.
It would increase purchases of fruits and vegetables for food assistance
programs, fund crop research, fight trade barriers and expand export markets,
according to the Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association.

We look forward to working with the secretary, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and Congress to develop a farm bill that reflects the tremendous
contribution specialty crops make to U.S. agriculture and the health of all
Americans," said Mike Stuart, the association's president.

John Hoblick, a fern grower in DeLeon Springs and president of the Florida Farm
Bureau Federation, said producers in Volusia and Flagler counties are likely to
receive more federal funds than earlier farm bills provided.

You'll have the possibility of seeing some farm bill funds, probably in the form
of block grants for the (state) department of agriculture to allocate for (
specialty crops)," Hoblick said.

Hoblick noted that Johanns' proposal is what the Bush administration would like
to see in the farm bill: an approach that spreads subsidy payments and other
funding to a wider network of producers.

But others, he acknowledged, are lobbying for a more traditional farm bill to
come out of Congress.

The result is likely to be a bill that combines parts of both proposals, with
more money going to more people across the country, Hoblick said.

Local agricultural producers, like those in other parts of the nation, contend
federal subsidies are necessary.

According to the Washington-based Environmental Working Group, Volusia and
Flagler growers and ranchers received more than $15 million in USDA payments
from 1995 to 2005.

Most of those payments in Volusia and Flagler counties, especially in recent
years, were for disaster recovery, the group said.

In 2004, Volusia County farmers received more than $3.3 million in disaster
payments, and another $4.7 million in 2005. Flagler County producers received
nearly $88,000 in 2004 and more than $750,000 in 2005.

Many local growers were devastated by the 2004 hurricane season, which produced
three storms that ripped through the ferneries in northwest Volusia County and
adjacent areas. Hoblick received more than $32,000 in 2005 to help clean up the
damage caused by nature's fury.

That didn't even cover my labor costs, and it didn't make me whole," he said.
"It's the one and only payment I've ever gotten from the government."

Disaster-recovery funds are "absolutely" critical to keeping producers in
business, Hoblick said. While hurricanes and tornadoes get the most attention,
disasters can also include droughts, floods and hail storms.

Most of what we got was crisis-related," agreed Gerald Fieser, a dairy farmer
from DeLeon Springs, who has received a number of payments over the years. He
cited the recent droughts. "When you're losing money, every little bit helps."

Hoblick said he believes disaster-recovery funding will be handled separately
from the farm bill. It's a thorny issue, he said.

There are those who say farmers should insure themselves as much as possible.
But Hoblick said that's easier said than done.

We're saying we can't get insurance on homes, much less farms," he said. "So
it's very difficult to obtain."

CONSERVATION AID

Conservation programs ranked second in the amount of federal payments coming
into Volusia and Flagler counties, according to the environmental group.

In Volusia County, payments for taking land out of production or protecting
wetlands amounted to a little more than $50,000 in 2003, nearly $52,000 in 2004
and more than $1.5 million in 2005.

Flagler County farmers received no conservation-related funds those three years,
the environmental group said.

Hoblick said it's likely environmental funding, such as that for the
Conservation Reserve Program that pays farmers not to use their land, will be
renewed in the 2008 farm bill.

There's not enough funding right now to handle all the requests," he said.

All in all, Hoblick maintains, American farmers need some assistance to compete
with foreign growers.

If our producers don't have the ability to compete in the marketplace, we'll
become more and more reliant on foreign producers for our food," he said.

Fieser said the World Trade Organization, ultimately, may have a lot to say
about what subsidies get included in the new farm bill. If the international
panel believes too much support is given to U.S. farmers, it may impose
sanctions on American exports.

However, he said, environmental programs probably won't draw the WTO's wrath.

Those should stay in the bill," he said. "Any time a 'green' payment allows us
to hold onto the land, it's a good thing because it keeps the land out of the
hands of developers."

Fieser criticized the Bush administration's proposed bill as being too favorable
to the energy industry. So much corn already is being diverted to ethanol
production there's not enough for feeding livestock, he said. Growers would be
willing to plant more corn, but that would cut into lands reserved for
conservation and other programs, he added.

It's artificially driving up the costs of feed stock," he said. "It's wreaking
havoc on farmers."

He predicted that by theof this year, the shortage of corn will cause consumers
to pay more for meats and other commodities.

The Environmental Working Group said only 6 percent of Florida's farmers and
ranchers get USDA payments, and 27 states receive more in federal subsidies than
Florida does.

Local Farm Subsidies

From 1995 through 2005, the U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded more than $15
million in subsidies to 6 percent of the farmers and ranchers in Volusia and
Flagler counties, with Volusia farmers receiving $12.2 million and Flagler
producers $2.88 million. The money was provided for disaster recovery,
conservation, and price supports for specified commodities. Here is how
subsidies have grown in the 2003-2005 period:

VOLUSIA COUNTY $195,000 given to 82 recipients in 2003.$3.4 million given to 103
recipients in 2004.$6.3 million given to 263 recipients in 2005.

FLAGLER COUNTY $156,000 given to 27 recipients in 2003.$92,634 awarded to 7
recipients in 2004.$764,000 awarded to 10 recipients in 2005.

SOURCE: Environmental Working Group

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: A worker mounts a ladder to pick navel oranges
recently at Marshall Groves on West Beresford Road in DeLand. A congressional
farm bill proposed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture would elevate fruits
and vegetables to major crop status, which could lead to more federal funding
for local growers. Photo 2: Rick Green of Diamond "R" Fertilizer in Winter
Garden makes a delivery recently at Marshall Groves in DeLand. The 2008 farm
bill is making its way through Congress. The Environmental Working Group said
only 6 percent of Florida's farmers and ranchers get U.S. Department of
Agriculture payments, and 27 states receive more in federal subsidies than
Florida does. News-Journal photos/PETER BAUER

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation

                              413 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 482 words


Staff and wire reports

Collinsville

Racetrack makes gambling pitch

Another season of thoroughbred racing is beginning at Fairmount Park, where
racetrack officials hope a change in the governor's office may bring an
expansion of gambling.

Fairmount Park President Brian Zander told the Belleville News-Democrat that
adding slot machines at horse tracks would mean more revenue and bigger purses.
Zander said Illinois tracks are competing with tracks in other states that do
offer slot machine.

Lanny Brooks of the Illinois Horseman's Benevolent and Protective Association
said Gov. Bruce Rauner may be friendlier toward a gambling expansion than former
Gov. Pat Quinn was.

Quinn vetoed measures adding more casinos and slots over concerns about ethical
safeguards. Rauner has said gambling decisions should be made in consultation
with local communities.

Pittsfield

Farm bureau opposes power line

The Pike County Farm Bureau board of directors has voted to oppose the Grain
Belt Express transmission line, the organization announced Monday.

A portion of the line, which would carry wind-generated electricity from Kansas
to Indiana, crosses the county. The board of directors also voted at a March 11
meeting to oppose certification of power-line developer Clean Line Energy
Partners as a public utility with eminent domain powers.

The board resolution states that the transmission line is not needed and that
the company failed to pick the most direct route across nine central Illinois
counties, including Pike. Executives with Clean Line Energy Partners indicated
last week the company would file this spring for formal approval of the project
at the Illinois Commerce Commission.

In response to the vote, Clean Line Energy director of development Mark Lawlor
released a statement saying the transmission line would help assure the future
of affordable, renewable energy. "Our proposed route reflects landowner input
collected through 27 public meetings held throughout the project area," Lawlor
stated, "and it maximizes distance from homes, airstrips, cemeteries and other
local features."

Springfield

Specialty crop grants available

The Illinois Department of Agriculture is accepting proposals for federal crop
grants to help farmers grow fruits, vegetables and nuts.

Illinois will receive more than $600,000 from a block grant that's part of the
federal Farm Bill. Grants are available for projects that improve the economic
competitiveness of Illinois-grown specialty crops.

Agriculture Director Philip Nelson said specialty crops provide not only
nutritional value to diets but a primary source of income to many farmers.

Projects that benefit a particular product or result in profit to an
organization are not eligible. Farmers' markets, roadside stands and other
programs may submit proposals to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farmers'
Market and Local Food Promotion Program.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              414 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                 Mountain Messenger (Lewisburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 30, 2013

Ronceverte creating Community Garden

BYLINE: Mountain Messenger staff

LENGTH: 424  words


Main Street Ronceverte (RDC) is excited to collaborate with Downstream
Strategies to design and build the Ronceverte Community Garden. The garden will
be located within the 22 acre Island Park in Ronceverte, at the site of the
former swimming pool. The property will provide at least one-third acre of
fenced planting area for the production of fruits, vegetables and specialty
crops. The site will also provide opportunities for community programming such
as school tours, sustainable agriculture workshops, and community events
celebrating seasonal fruits and vegetables grown in the garden.

The purpose of the project is to provide the residents of Ronceverte, who may
live on hilly terrain or in a walkup apartment with access to land that is
suitable for growing food. Establishing a community garden in Ronceverte will
provide residents with access to land and result in the increased production of
specialty and healthy crops, such as fruits and vegetables. The community garden
will also provide Ronceverte youth an opportunity to participate in the garden
where they will acquire agricultural skills and sample fresh locally-grown
produce. It is widely accepted that these experiences help develop healthy
eating habits and increase the demand for fruits and vegetables.

Main Street Ronceverte (RDC) will establish a Ronceverte Community Garden
Association and this group will be responsible for managing the garden and
involving the community in its development. The project team envisions that the
site will contain a combination of leased family and individual plots, a
community-grown plot, a children's garden, raised gardens and a series of
"plant-a-row" plots, which will be used to grow food for donation to the
community food bank.

The community garden project is a timely addition to an ongoing Eco Community
planning process currently taking place in Ronceverte. The garden will benefit
from being part of a formalized city-wide plan that includes developing local
food opportunities and community agricultural projects. It will also serve as a
model for community-based agriculture for other small towns throughout West
Virginia.

The project is funded through the West Virginia Department of Agriculture, the
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, and funding from the West Virginia
Development Office' Growing Healthy Communities grant.

If interested in being involved in the project please contact: Lisa Circle, Main
Street Ronceverte (Ronceverte Development Corporation) at 304-647-3140 or
mainstreet-ronceverte@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Mountain Messenger

                              415 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

Farm bill's impact is unknown

BYLINE: Marie Havenga, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


Feb. 08--NORTHWEST OTTAWA COUNTY -- President Barack Obama signed the 2014 farm
bill into law Friday at Michigan State University, and apparently many local
farmers are jumping on the hay wagon.

Although they are waiting to dig into details, area farmers and agricultural
experts contacted by the Tribune said they are glad new legislation is in place,
even though they don't see much impact on local operations.

Consumers are unlikely to see many changes, either, the farmers say.

The $100 billion-a-year bill, co-authored by Senate Agricultural Chairwoman
Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., provides a cushion for farmers who battle
unpredictable weather and market conditions. Instead of the federal government
paying farmers directly whether they farm or not, as in the past, the $4.5
billion from that program will assist farmers when they suffer losses.

Annual subsidy payments to farmers are limited to $125,000 a year. Some previous
programs had no cap limits.

The bill also includes $8.6 billion in food stamp cuts over the next decade --
but, according to the Congressional Budget Office, the changes, which close a
loophole related to heating bills, will affect only 4 percent of recipients, or
about 850,000 households across the nation. Recipients will still receive 100
percent of the assistance their actual expenses call for, but their benefit
amounts will no longer be calculated based on heating bills they did not
actually pay. No one will lose eligibility because of the bill, according to
federal documents.

Leah Rust, director of ministries for Love INC in Grand Haven, said she was not
aware of the food stamp cuts included in the bill, but does not expect a lot of
changes locally. She said there is a strong local need, no matter what happens
on the federal level.

"For our organization, we take it in stride," Rust said. "We're so blessed we
have such a giving community. The churches really step up and routinely drop off
food. There is definitely a need."

Dave Reenders, owner of Crossroads Blueberry Farm in Robinson Township, said he
hopes the nutritional promotional aspect of the bill will bring more attention
to the health benefits of blueberries.

Blueberries are considered a specialty crop. Reenders said the bill includes $80
million for specialty crop research and $72.5 million for specialty crop block
grants that he hopes could assist some farmers battling pest problems.

Reenders said crop insurance is subsidized by the federal government, but he
would not disclose amounts.

According to state agricultural experts, the bill makes crop insurance more
affordable for farmers and streamlines the process of obtaining it.

___ (c)2014 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140208-NA-Farm-bill-s-impact-is-unknown-0208-20140208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2014 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                              416 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                October 26, 2009

Mississippi ag producers to diversify

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 869  words


Mississippi's soybean growers were looking at record yields this year - until
the rains came. Steady rain this month left soybean farmers with little to show
for their efforts, and they cannot get to beans that did manage to stay above
the water.

This latest disaster again has many asking if Mississippi's farmers need to look
to non-traditional crops or other potential revenue streams to diversify their
operations and guard against major losses.

Indeed, local growers are turning to new crops and businesses. However, it is
not easy - or cheap. Infrastructure, equipment, land costs and other factors
present significant barriers to diversification of farming operations.

Delta Harvest in Indianola is a prime example. Six years ago, Jim Robertson, a
29-year farmer and a Delta Harvest partner, made the decision to begin growing
sweet corn, a non-traditional crop for the Mississippi Delta, among the
operation's traditional row crops. To support the new crop, Delta Harvest built
a $4-million facility.

Robertson expected a slow start, and he was not disappointed. "Vegetables are
hit or miss," Robertson said.

Robertson said the facility has been underutilized for years, operating only a
few months out of the year. However, sweet corn remained "extremely profitable,"
and Delta Harvest worked through the early, lean times.

The story appears to be headed toward a happy ending. Delta Harvest has been
planting 1,000-1,200 acres of sweet corn in Sunflower County, but it has 2010
contracts calling for approximately 1,700 acres. The company is preparing to
double its payroll to meet the new, increased demand.

"After five to six years, this operation is growing, not regressing," Robertson
said. "We're very excited. "

Robertson advised producers not to "hop out there and big a big dog" when it
comes to non-traditional crops. Andy Prosser with the Mississippi Department of
Agriculture and Commerce (MDAC) agrees. In addition to the cost of developing
supporting infrastructure, equipment and land costs are other factors that must
be weighed.

"For instance, a cotton picker is a specialized piece of equipment," Prosser
said. "A farmer can't use it for anything else but picking cotton. Factor in
land costs and other potential, expensive obstacles, and growing non-traditional
crops takes serious homework and capital. "

Thus, more and more producers are turning to diversifying into other areas such
as agritourism. Agritourism is a business on a working farm or other
agricultural enterprise that offers an educational as well as entertaining
experience for visitors while generating supplemental income for the owner. Such
operations include U-pick gardens, farm arts and crafts, seasonal festivals or
just about any agricultural activity that brings income from agriculture.

Jo Lynn Mitchell is a charter member of the Mississippi Agritourism Association,
which today counts two-dozen members scattered across the state. These
operations are themselves diverse, encompassing operations such as Burton Sugar
Farm in Michigan City to Gourd Gracious in Collinsville. Mitchell is the group's
current president.

She also helps run Mitchell Farms, a Covington County family operation that has
incorporated agritourism activities such as U-pick garden, group tours of
historic farm structures, a children's maze and more.

"It has become a major part of our business in three years," Mitchell said.

In addition to offering additional revenue, Mitchell said the farms' agritourism
offerings provide a learning experience for visitors about how food goes from
the field to the table, and how difficult farming can be.

This year offered an abject lesson. Mitchell Farms planted a number of crops,
including soybeans and corn, along the tour trail so visitors could see them in
the ground and pick them.

"Unfortunately, the drought this summer devastated the crops," Mitchell said.
"The soybeans never got out of the ground, and the corn did not make a single
ear. The lesson this year is farming is anything but easy. "

Earlier this month, producers interested in diversifying their operation got
some welcome news. The MDAC received nearly $270,000 in Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program (SCBG) funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Marketing Service. The MDAC is partnering with six agricultural
trade groups to promote the state's specialty crops through research,
educational opportunities, promotional campaigns and the development of
marketing and educational tools. Specialty crops encompass fruits, vegetables,
tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture and nursery crops.

Mississippi Agriculture Commissioner Lester Spell said, "This program positively
impacts many facets of Mississippi's specialty crops industry from production to
research and marketing. A number of specialty crops, such as fruits and
vegetables, are grown in our state, and this funding will help enable this
sector of Mississippi agriculture to experience continued growth through the use
of innovative production and marketing methods. "

For more information on SCBG funding, visit the MDAC's website at
www.mdac.state.ms.us. For more on the Mississippi Agritourism Association, see
its website at www.mississippiagritourism.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              417 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

'Specialty' farmers seek support in Washington

BYLINE: By Steve Goldstein; Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News Nation-World; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 978 words


WASHINGTON - Abbott Lee's family has been growing cranberries in a patch of the
New Jersey Pinelands for nearly 140 years. To him, it seems almost that long
since specialty farmers received any substantial support from Washington.

A small group of lawmakers, led by Sens. Richard G. Lugar (R., Ind.) and Frank
Lautenberg (D., N.J.), is trying to change that view and upend the farm wagon -
in this case, the renewal of a policy born in the Great Depression to buoy
struggling farmers that has evolved into a cash cow for growers of such
commodities as corn, wheat, rice and cotton.

Supporters of the Lugar-Lautenberg proposal concede  chances of passage are slim
but hope  the 2007 farm bill will include some of its provisions.

Under this alternative bill, the direct payment system would be replaced by an
expansion of existing county-based crop insurance programs at no cost to the
farmer. Unlike current programs, this safety net protects against unforeseen
risks but does not provide automatic payments to farmers when they don't need
them.

The measure likely to emerge from the Senate Agriculture Committee would
preserve the status quo, with billions of dollars going to growers of big
commodity crops and would mirror a version passed by the House.

For generations, farmers who are not commodity growers have been trying to get a
piece of the subsidy pie, to no avail. The commodity growers have little
sympathy.

"Starving Third World countries require program-crop grains to feed the masses,
not table grapes and bell peppers," said Dwight Roberts, chief executive of the
U.S. Rice Producers Association. "If there is no government support for our
farmers for times of low prices, then they will continue to vanish. The American
consumer is spoiled. Food is too cheap."

As outlined by Lautenberg's staff, the alternative legislation would extend a
safety net to all farmers, regardless of what they grow or where they live.
Thus, small farmers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania who grow fruit and vegetable
specialty crops would be major beneficiaries.

The Farm Ranch Equity Stewardship and Health (FRESH) Act would provide new
transportation grants, specialty-crop block grants, dedicated research funding,
and pest detection and response programs to small growers. Savings from an
overhaul of the subsidy system would be channeled into new investments to assist
farmers with conservation practices, develop renewable energy, expand access to
healthier foods for children, and improve food-stamp and other hunger-relief
programs.

Lautenberg called the current farm bill "an antiquated system of giant payments
to a handful of farms that ignores the needs of most American farmers."

"Our bill," he said, "provides a safety net to farmers in our region and across
the nation. It ensures stable incomes, even in bad years, reduces our deficit,
and frees up money for conservation, nutrition and harvesting local crops like
fruits and vegetables."

Lee is watching the proceedings with keen interest. His family has grown
cranberries in a patch of the  Pinelands since 1868.

"If you look at the importance of specialty crops in the Northeast, they don't
get their share of funding out of the current mechanism, and that historically
has been the case," Lee said by phone from his farm in Chatsworth.

"This bill would replace disaster aid and commodity payments, and I think
conceptually that would be helpful to the Northeast," Lee said.

The House bill would allocate $14 billion a year in payments to farmers, with
little going to those who grow food items such as tomatoes, peaches and spinach,
and specialty crops like berries.

According to the Congressional Budget Office, such fruits and vegetables, along
with nuts and nursery plants, generate about half the nation's crop revenue, $55
billion out of $120 billion in 2006.

The FRESH Act would invest $3 billion in specialty-crop programs to improve
research and marketing opportunities for the majority of U.S. farmers who
currently do not benefit from the farm subsidy program.

Economist Bruce Babcock of Iowa State University praised the alternative bill:
"It says, 'Let's provide a safety net and do away with the rest of it.' And it
ignores the conventional wisdom that you can't touch cotton subsidies and corn
direct payments."

Farm politics are unusual, because alliances are based on regional ties among
the states getting commodity payments and do not line up neatly along party
lines.

Sen. Bob Casey (D., Pa.), who serves on the Agriculture Committee, said
negotiations over the bill now in committee had been difficult, adding that
"there's been a lot of disagreement" among Democrats.

"It would be a lot clearer if you had Democrats on one side and Republicans on
the other," he said. "Here it defies political lines."

Sen. Tom Harkin (D., Iowa), the committee's chairman, and Sen. Kent Conrad (D.,
N.D.) represent two big commodity-growing states. Harkin favors change, and
Conrad favors the status quo. Both are being pressured by the agriculture lobby.

But sometimes the pressure is self-initiated. "The ag lobby is strong," Babcock
said, "but congressmen like to do well by their constituents, and this is one
thing they can do - farm subsidies. So a lot of times, it's not the big, bad
lobby that's giving giant contributions, although sugar and dairy do give large
contributions, but rather it's almost constituent service."

Casey said he was waiting to see what the committee ultimately approved before
deciding which measure to support. "I want to make sure that we're doing
something to resolve the overarching challenge of what happens in the states
that rely on direct payments," he said, adding that he could not commit himself
to the Lugar-Lautenberg version. "But I also want to have equity for
specialty-crop growers."

Contact staff writer Steve Goldstein

at 202-408-2758 or slgoldstein@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              418 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Wild, Wonderful West Virginia Announces Premiere Date for \x93Appalachian Food
Evangelist"

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: New York



 CHARLESTON: West Virginia Division of Tourism has issued the following news
release:



  Wild, Wonderful West Virginia today announced the air date for the first
episode of "Appalachian Food Evangelist," a four-episode seasonal series
featuring West Virginia Chef Dale Hawkins. The episode will air at 3:30 p.m.
Saturday, October 29 on West Virginia Public Broadcasting. This project is the
culmination of a partnership between Wild, Wonderful West Virginia and the West
Virginia Department of Agriculture, using an FDA Specialty Crop Block Grant.





 "We're excited to share Chef Dale Hawkins' experience in West Virginia's
capital city," Commissioner of Tourism Amy Shuler Goodwin said. "The Appalachian
Food Evangelist series highlights many of the authentic farm-to-table
destinations and the booming agritourism industry in the Mountain State. From
fresh local produce to unique specialty items, Wild, Wonderful West Virginia has
all you need for the perfect culinary adventure."



 "Great food from fresh ingredients. With Chef Dale Hawkins this is exactly what
you get," West Virginia Department of Agriculture Commissioner Walt Helmick
said. "Our farmers produce a great variety of high-quality products and the West
Virginia Department of Agriculture is proud to partner in the Appalachian Food
Evangelist series and see some of these highlighted in delicious homegrown
dishes."



 "Appalachian Food Evangelist"  follows Hawkins as he explores and presents
foods and recipes, using specialty crops from local farms and businesses in West
Virginia. The first episode features Charleston's Capitol Market, J.Q. Dickinson
Salt, Pies and Pints and more. Forthcoming episodes will feature locations
throughout the Mountain State. Air dates for upcoming episodes will be announced
at a later date.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              419 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 13, 2013, Wednesday

WVSU receives two grants to expand agriculture production projects

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P10

LENGTH: 378 words


The West Virginia State University Extension Service continues to broaden its
focus on specialty crop production with two new grants from the West Virginia
Department of Agriculture totaling nearly $36,000.

The funded projects seek to improve mushroom and hops production in West
Virginia.

One project will research the market viability for locally sourced and
organically produced hops. Hops are flowers of the hop plant and a key flavoring
and stability agent in beer production. The project is designed to help West
Virginia's farmers tap into an unmet and continually growing need.

"The craft brewing industry in our state is seeing a surge recently," said
Melissa Stewart, WVSU extension specialist. "Through this project, we're working
to connect West Virginia farmers with the commercial production of hops and, in
turn, foster new economic development opportunities."

Totaling nearly $23,000, the funding will help determine proper growing and
management techniques, the varieties that perform best in our state's climate
and the level of interest in the commodity from both farmers and brewers.

Another award, totaling nearly $13,000, will establish demonstration sites to
study the production of mushrooms in urban and rural settings.

"We are seeking to diversify existing mushroom markets and create new ones in
West Virginia," said WVSU Extension Agent Brad Cochran. "Our goal is to find new
markets for selling mushrooms, trial different varieties to gauge production
levels and educate our farmers about how to produce their own crops."

Using varieties such as shiitake and oyster mushrooms, the demonstration sites
will be designed using traditional production methods, as well as new and
emerging technologies for urban production. Educational workshops will target
growers interested in learning how to produce their own mushrooms, therein
diversifying market offerings.

The projects are the latest in a line of funding awards to the University
through WVDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which funds projects
involving the production, processing and marketing of fruits and vegetables.

Past awards to WVSU have funded ongoing projects focused on small fruit
production and the implementation of season-extending techniques using high
tunnel growing systems.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              420 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 21, 2014

Delaware fruit and vegetable projects receive federal funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 359  words


Nine research and marketing projects supporting Delaware fruits and vegetables
will receive $337,000 in federal funding, Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed
Kee announced Oct. 2.

"These projects will continue helping make a difference for Delaware farmers,"
Kee said. "Our project partners have an excellent set of programs lined up, from
researching nutrient application to promoting Delaware wines. This funding all
helps promote, enhance and grow our agricultural economy."

In promotion and marketing projects, the Delaware Farm Bureau received a $50,000
grant and will launch a billboard campaign promoting fruits, vegetables,
farmstands, farmers markets and grocers. The Delaware Wineries Association will
market Delaware wines and promote local grape cultivation with a grant of
$48,166. The Department of Agriculture's Marketing Section will develop recipe
cards and an online recipe hub featuring fresh produce with a $17,351 grant.

Food safety grants include one for $29,457 to the Department of Agriculture's
Food Products Inspection Section to help growers subsidize the cost of USDA
third-party food safety audits that are increasingly required by retailers. The
University of Delaware will examine food safety regarding watermelons grown in
fields to which poultry manure has been applied with a grant of $45,904.

New markets grants include one of $49,999 to Delaware State University to help
farmers from underserved communities grow organic blueberries. Georgetown
landowner Steven Greenblatt will work with research and marketing partners to
evaluate the commercial potential of Asian persimmons grown in Delaware with a
$36,724 award.

Research and education grants to the University of Delaware include one of
$26,865 to develop resources and training programs on vegetable production and
$33,000 to conduct research on fertilizer use on plasticulture-grown
drip-irrigated vegetables. The funding comes from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, through the federal Farm Bill,
and is an increase of more than $100,000 over last year.

Specialty crops are a broad category that cannot be used for field crops.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette

                              421 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 4, 2013, Wednesday

WVSU receives two grants to expand agriculture production projects

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P11

LENGTH: 391 words


The West Virginia State University Extension Service continues to broaden its
focus on specialty crop production with two new grants from the West Virginia
Department of Agriculture totaling nearly $36,000.

The funded projects seek to improve mushroom and hops production in West
Virginia.

One project will research the market viability for locally sourced and
organically produced hops. Hops are flowers of the hop plant and a key flavoring
and stability agent in beer production. The project is designed to help West
Virginia's farmers tap into an unmet and continually growing need.

"The craft brewing industry in our state is seeing a surge recently," said
Melissa Stewart, WVSU extension specialist. "Through this project, we're working
to connect West Virginia farmers with the commercial production of hops and, in
turn, foster new economic development opportunities."

Totaling nearly $23,000, the funding will help determine proper growing and
management techniques, the varieties that perform best in our state's climate
and the level of interest in the commodity from both farmers and brewers.

Another award, totaling nearly $13,000, will establish demonstration sites to
study the production of mushrooms in urban and rural settings.

"We are seeking to diversify existing mushroom markets and create new ones in
West Virginia," said WVSU Extension Agent Brad Cochran. "Our goal is to find new
markets for selling mushrooms, trial different varieties to gauge production
levels and educate our farmers about how to produce their own crops."

Using varieties such as shiitake and oyster mushrooms, the demonstration sites
will be designed using traditional production methods, as well as new and
emerging technologies for urban production. Educational workshops will target
growers interested in learning how to produce their own mushrooms, therein
diversifying market offerings.

The projects are the latest in a line of funding awards to the University
through WVDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which funds projects
involving the production, processing and marketing of fruits and vegetables.

Past awards to WVSU have funded ongoing projects focused on small fruit
production and the implementation of season-extending techniques using high
tunnel growing systems.

Follow West Virginia State University on Facebook and Twitter at WVStateU.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              422 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 6, 2013, Wednesday

WVSU receives two grants to expand agriculture production projects

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 391 words


The West Virginia State University Extension Service continues to broaden its
focus on specialty crop production with two new grants from the West Virginia
Department of Agriculture totaling nearly $36,000.

The funded projects seek to improve mushroom and hops production in West
Virginia.

One project will research the market viability for locally sourced and
organically produced hops. Hops are flowers of the hop plant and a key flavoring
and stability agent in beer production. The project is designed to help West
Virginia's farmers tap into an unmet and continually growing need.

"The craft brewing industry in our state is seeing a surge recently," said
Melissa Stewart, WVSU extension specialist. "Through this project, we're working
to connect West Virginia farmers with the commercial production of hops and, in
turn, foster new economic development opportunities."

Totaling nearly $23,000, the funding will help determine proper growing and
management techniques, the varieties that perform best in our state's climate
and the level of interest in the commodity from both farmers and brewers.

Another award, totaling nearly $13,000, will establish demonstration sites to
study the production of mushrooms in urban and rural settings.

"We are seeking to diversify existing mushroom markets and create new ones in
West Virginia," said WVSU Extension Agent Brad Cochran. "Our goal is to find new
markets for selling mushrooms, trial different varieties to gauge production
levels and educate our farmers about how to produce their own crops."

Using varieties such as shiitake and oyster mushrooms, the demonstration sites
will be designed using traditional production methods, as well as new and
emerging technologies for urban production. Educational workshops will target
growers interested in learning how to produce their own mushrooms, therein
diversifying market offerings.

The projects are the latest in a line of funding awards to the University
through WVDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which funds projects
involving the production, processing and marketing of fruits and vegetables.

Past awards to WVSU have funded ongoing projects focused on small fruit
production and the implementation of season-extending techniques using high
tunnel growing systems.

Follow West Virginia State University on Facebook and Twitter at WVStateU.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              423 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            March 14, 2015, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10C

LENGTH: 893 words


Disabled Veterans Mobile office making rounds

The Disabled American Veterans Mobile Service Office will be at the following
locations to provide counseling and claim filing assistance for veterans and
members of their families.

March 23: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., VFW Post 99, 340 Holland Ave., Westover.

March 24: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., DAV Wood County Chapter 32, 938 Little Stillwell
Road, Davisville.

March 25: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Sutton Outpatient Clinic, 93 Skidmore Lane.

March 26: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Charleston VA Outpatient Clinic, 104 Alex Lane.

March 27: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Work Force Career Center, Putnam Village Shopping
Center, Teays Valley.

March 30: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Beckley VA Medical Center, 200 Veterans Ave.

For information, call NSO Calvin Cabarrus at 304-399-9350.

Body of kayaker recovered from Camp Creek

CAMP CREEK - Searchers have recovered the body of a man who disappeared after a
kayak overturned in a Mercer County waterway.

Division of Natural Resources officers tell media outlets that the body was
found Thursday morning in Camp Creek.

The man and a woman were kayaking on Camp Creek on Wednesday night when the
accident occurred. The woman was able to get out of the water and call for help.

Fog and high water had hampered the search.

State exhibit features uniforms, medals, swords

West Virginians who served their nation and the things they brought home are
being honored at the Great Hall of the Culture Center in Charleston.

"West Virginians Answering the Call will run through July 11.

Charles W. Morris is director of museums for the state Division of Culture and
History. He tells the Charleston Daily Mail the exhibit has attracted school
groups and out-of-state visitors.

All branches of the military are covered and every war documented.

The exhibit includes the expected - uniforms, guns, helmets, hats, shells,
swords and medals. But visitors will also see personal items. They include a
cigarette case and a Bible with notes in it written by a soldier.

Trial delayed for quadruple-slaying suspect

The trial for a quadruple-slaying suspect in Clarksburg has been delayed.

At the request of the prosecution, Harrison Chief Judge Thomas Bedell moved the
trial for Sidney Muller, of Fairmont, to the weeks of Aug. 17 and Aug. 24,
according to an employee in the Harrison County Prosecutor's Office.

Muller faces four felony murder counts in the fatal shootings of Todd Russell
Amos, 29; Christopher Hart, 26; Fred Swiger, 70, and his son, Freddie Swiger,
47, on July 26, 2013.

The indictment alleges that Muller killed the four victims in the commission or
attempted commission of a drug delivery, while the defense argues there's no
evidence Muller was dealing drugs.

The Swigers, who were longtime carriers for The Exponent Telegram, were
delivering newspapers.

Comment period on pipeline extended

ROANOKE, Va. - The U.S. Forest Service is extending the public comment period on
whether portions of the Jefferson National Forest can be surveyed for a possible
pipeline route.

A special use permit would be required before surveying could be done in the
national forest for the proposed Mountain Valley Pipeline.

The Forest Service's original deadline for comments was Feb. 13. But The Roanoke
Times reported Friday that the comments would be taken until April 2.

The extension is a response to a new permit application filed by Mountain Valley
Pipeline.

The pipeline would transport natural gas from Wetzel County, West Virginia, to
another pipeline in Pittsylvania County.

Information from: The Roanoke Times, http://www.roanoke.com.

WVU Foundation names new development officer

A former fundraising executive who has worked for Frostburg State University and
Johns Hopkins University has been tapped as the West Virginia University
Foundation's new chief development officer.

Bernard J. Davisson II will take over as the foundation's senior vice president
of development and chief development officer on April 27, WVU Foundation
President Cindi Roth announced Friday.

Roth said Davisson has 30 years of experience in higher education and healthcare
fundraising, including almost 10 years at Johns Hopkins. He is currently senior
associate vice president for development and alumni relations at George
Washington University in Washington, D.C. Davisson is a native of Westernport,
Maryland. He earned a bachelor's degree in sociology from Frostburg State and a
master's degree in higher education administration from Ohio State University.

The West Virginia University Foundation is in the middle of the largest capital
campaign in the university's history, with a fundraising goal of $1 billion by
December 2017. The foundation has raised $819 million so far.

State accepting specialty block grant proposals

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is accepting proposals for specialty
block grants.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, maple syrup and Christmas
trees, among others. Excluded are livestock, eggs and field crops such as
soybeans and corn.

To be considered for funding, projects must focus on industry-related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops. The program is
available to groups and organizations and cannot be used to fund individual
farms or enterprises.

The department said it expects to receive about $200,000 in 2015.

The grant application deadline is April 10.

- From staff, wire REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                              424 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Wyoming: Specialty Crop Grant Application

LENGTH: 51  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Cheyenne: Department of Agriculture, The State of Wyoming has issued the
following news release:



 The 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant Program grant application for Fiscal Year
2016 funding cycle



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              425 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Examiner (Montpelier, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2013

Farm Bill Past Due;
Guest Opinion

BYLINE: The News-Examiner staff

LENGTH: 633  words


The 2008 Farm Bill was recently extended until September 2013. In spite of
urging Congress to act on this important legislation last year, they kicked the
can down the road, which is becoming an all too regular occurrence in our
nation's capital.

It is vital that Congress complete a new five-year farm bill this year, and we
urge Farm Bureau members.to let their congressmen know how important this is.
According to the American Farm Bureau Federation, budget restrictions dictate
that the next farm bill will have fewer resources than in the past. Farm policy
must help protect a stable food supply by ensuring responsible farm businesses
stay in business during difficult times.

Last year, there was broad support for a bill passed by the full Senate and the
House Agriculture Committee. The estimates made by the Congressional Budget
Office in mid-March for the cost of the bill and how much money is cut from
agricultural spending in a potential sequestration bill, FY2014 appropriations,
the continuing resolution and debt ceiling negotiations will be a large
determinant in how similar bills introduced in 2013 look in comparison to those
passed last year.

Farm Bureau will focus on:

Limiting the reductions in cuts to the commodity, conservation and crop
insurance titles; Protecting and strengthening the federal crop insurance
program;

Refraining from basing any programs on cost of production; Ensuring equity
across all commodities;

Ensuring that programs will not cause planting decisions to be based on farm
program benefits that accrue more beneficially to a particular crop.;

Maintaining the marketing loan program;

Opposing the linkage of conservation compliance with crop insurance;

Opposing means testing and further payment limits;

Eliminating the dairy price support program and the Milk Income Loss Contract
program, and use the funds associated with those programs to offer a voluntary
gross margin insurance program for dairy producers;

Maintaining the current sugar program;

Including the Supplemental Coverage Option, whereby program crop producers, as
well as producers of specialty crops, could purchase a county level revenue
policy on top of their individual crop insurance coverage to cover all or part
of a producer's deductible portion of their individual insurance policy;

Restoring the critical, non-program crop, disaster programs, such as the
Livestock Indemnity Program, Livestock Forage Program and the Tree Assistance
Program, to provide those producers with some basic risk management tools to
help address catastrophic losses and make those programs retroactive;

Achieving the vast majority of necessary reductions in conservation funding from
the land retirement programs rather than working land programs;

Consolidating conservation provisions and focusing on administrative savings and
simplicity in the remaining programs; and Expanding the State Block Grants for
Specialty Crops program.

Serious consideration of the new bill is expected in April.

Farm policy should provide strong and effective safety net/risk management
programs that do not guarantee a profit but, instead, protect producers from
catastrophic occurrences while minimizing the potential for farm programs
affecting production decisions. It should be compliant with World Trade
Organization agreements.

Farm Bureau supports a program that reduces complexity while allowing producers
increased flexibility to plant in response to market demand.

Farm Bureau supports a safety net that helps producers deal with catastrophic
revenue losses and allows farmers to purchase insurance products to further
protect individual risk. The program should be delivered by private crop
insurance companies. If a catastrophic risk program is not achievable, we
support producers being allowed a choice of program options.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The News-Examiner

                              426 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

Business briefs: Palm plans smart phone upgrades

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 412 words


LAS VEGAS
Palm plans smart phone upgrades

Palm Inc. said Thursday that two upgraded versions its Pre and Pixi smart phones
will come to Verizon Wireless on Jan. 25.

The announcement at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas
brings more smart phone choices to Verizon Wireless customers. The carrier is
throwing its weight behind smart phones running Google Inc.'s Android software,
positioning those as its main alternative to AT&T Inc.'s iPhone.

Palm and Verizon didn't say what the Pre Plus and Pixi Plus will cost.

DALLAS
American raises offer for JAL

American Airlines has dug deeper to save its relationship with Japan Airlines,
raising the amount it is willing to invest in the ailing airline to $1.4
billion.

American upped its previous offer by $300million in a bid to fend off Delta Air
Lines Inc. Delta wants to create its own partnership with the Japanese carrier
that would operate across the Pacific and throughout Asia.

MONTEREY
Bruhn to speak at business workshop

Leslie Bruhn, founder of the Women's Wealth Group, will facilitate a "Name Your
Year" workshop Jan. 15 at the office of Mary Jeanne Vincent, 1010 Cass Street,
Ste. B-5.

The session, from noon to 1:30 p.m., costs $25. For reservations, call 657-9151
or see careercoachmjv.com .

SEASIDE
Remodeling group to hear about EPA rules

A seminar on "What You Need To Know About the EPA's New Renovation, Repair and
Painting Rule" will be part of the Wednesday meeting of the Monterey Chapter of
the National Association of the Remodeling Industry.

Presenters are Linda Arceo of the California Department of Health and Chris
Gatward of M3 Environmental Consultants.

The seminar is at 5:30p.m. at Del Rey Fine Plumbing and Hardware, 575 Charles
Ave. Cost is $15 for members and $20 for guests. For information, call 899-3303.

MONTEREY COUNTY
Wellness coaches to be on 'Sheila Show'

Marilyn Wheeler of The Healthy Way and Dr. Herby Bell of Whole Body Coaching
will be Sheila Gale's guests Saturday on "The Sheila Show," from 4 to 6 p.m.
Saturday at KXRA-540 AM and thesheilashow.com .

SALINAS
Seminar set on specialty-crop grants

A seminar for farmers interested in the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program will
be held in Salinas on Wednesday by the the California Department of Food and
Agriculture.

The department expects to award up to $17 million in projects to enhance the
competitiveness of California specialty crops.

The meeting is 10 a.m. to noon at Laurel Inn, 801 West Laurel Drive.

Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              427 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Michigan: Michigan Fruit Growers Encouraged to Complete USDA Fruit Acreage
Inventory

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Today, Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director
Jamie Clover Adams encouraged the state's fruit growers to complete the 2014
Fruit Acreage Inventory being conducted by the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The fruit industry is a vital component to Michigan's food and agriculture
economy," commented Jamie Clover Adams, MDARD Director. "Michigan ranks among
the top three states in the country in our production of many fruits, with a
combined annual farm gate value exceeding $500 million in 2013.  Knowing the
trends in planted acres and varieties helps us to address the future needs of
the Michigan fruit sector."

The survey includes important questions about the supply of labor available to
growers, which will help agricultural organization leaders respond to the
growing shortage of labor in the sector.

Survey forms were mailed to USDA's database of Michigan fruit growers in early
February with completed forms to be returned as soon as possible. Assistance in
completing the survey is available from USDA staff by calling (800) 453-7501 and
follow up by USDA staff will start in March.

The results of the 2014 Fruit Survey will be available in late fall 2015 and
will provide a summary of the fruit acreage in Michigan and the varieties that
have been planted.
Funding to conduct the survey is provided through the federal Specialty Crop
Block Grant program administered by MDARD. The goal of the program is to
increase the competitiveness of specialty crop industries both nationally and
globally, which includes fruit, vegetables, herbs, bedding plants, maple syrup
and other crops.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              428 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Michigan: Michigan Fruit Growers Encouraged to Complete USDA Fruit Acreage
Inventory

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Today, Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director
Jamie Clover Adams encouraged the state's fruit growers to complete the 2014
Fruit Acreage Inventory being conducted by the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The fruit industry is a vital component to Michigan's food and agriculture
economy," commented Jamie Clover Adams, MDARD Director. "Michigan ranks among
the top three states in the country in our production of many fruits, with a
combined annual farm gate value exceeding $500 million in 2013.  Knowing the
trends in planted acres and varieties helps us to address the future needs of
the Michigan fruit sector."

The survey includes important questions about the supply of labor available to
growers, which will help agricultural organization leaders respond to the
growing shortage of labor in the sector.

Survey forms were mailed to USDA's database of Michigan fruit growers in early
February with completed forms to be returned as soon as possible. Assistance in
completing the survey is available from USDA staff by calling (800) 453-7501 and
follow up by USDA staff will start in March.

The results of the 2014 Fruit Survey will be available in late fall 2015 and
will provide a summary of the fruit acreage in Michigan and the varieties that
have been planted.
Funding to conduct the survey is provided through the federal Specialty Crop
Block Grant program administered by MDARD. The goal of the program is to
increase the competitiveness of specialty crop industries both nationally and
globally, which includes fruit, vegetables, herbs, bedding plants, maple syrup
and other crops.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              429 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Ag department awards funds for food hub study

BYLINE: Edie Schmierbach, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words


Jan. 06--MANKATO -- Minnesota Valley Action Council's food hub has been -- as
farmers might say when reviewing their crops -- coming along nicely. Now in its
third year, the initiative sources a variety of locally grown produce to buyers
throughout the region.

"There are so many moving parts. Surprisingly, we have not ran into any big
'oopses,'" said Joe Domeier, director for the Minnesota Valley Action Council
initiative.

The fledgling food hub is an ambitious project that has relied on hunches as
much as detailed planning for ensuring a strong supply of fresh vegetables to
customers and a fair price to participating farmers.

"We have no control over a fickle market. Prices fluctuate. But we are getting
better at making wild guesses," Domeier said.

The food hub works with numerous growers in southern Minnesota, purchasing their
produce, eggs and meats, creating a large-scale supply of food, and then selling
those food items to restaurants and institutions in the area, such as hospitals
and schools.

Produce is dropped off at the MVAC site near Victory Drive where it is washed
and packaged by hub staff, who also process large volumes of vegetables brought
in by growers. Recently a farmer brought in bushels of butternut squash to be
diced into small pieces.

Growers with one-acre plots as well as those with 60 acres suitable for planting
use the hub to handle their marketing and other time-consuming duties.

"The hub has worked spectacularly for us. It's been a good thing to be
affiliated with," said Scott Wardell, whose orchard is four miles south of
Montgomery.

"The dilemma for small growers like us is that our time gets consumed."

Wardell has more hours to spare by turning some tasks over to the hub.

"We deliver a relatively large amount to Mankato. They divide it for
distribution through their CSA, to Gustavus Adolphus College and all the other
places."

"We're small beans," was how Domeier compared MVAC's enterprise to corporate
suppliers.

"It's never going to be a gold mine, but it can provide critical income for
small farmers."

He noted a successful proposal that recently landed a customer serving fresh
produce five days a week. Public schools in Minneapolis now serve
Minnesota-grown squash and Romaine lettuce delivered by the Mankato food hub's
one truck.

A second vehicle for hauling vegetables to the sites like the metro schools'
central location is on the hub's wish list.

The Minnesota Department of Agriculture has plans in the works to offer grants
to food hubs in the state, said David Weinand, grants administrator.

There are about 15 food hubs of varying size and business structures in
Minnesota, according to a 2016 MDA report. Most Minnesota-based food hubs are in
the early startup phase and often are sponsored or supported by nonprofit
organizations.

The MDA recently awarded a grant for a study involving Mankato's site. The hub's
former business planner/grants writer Jim Gehrke of Northfield is the recipient
of a $100,000 Speciality Crop Block Grant.

His grant is part of $1 million in funding designated for helping specialty crop
growers compete in the marketplace.

In 2015, specialty crops accounted for roughly 6 percent of all crop production
in Minnesota, according to the MDA's statistics.

"Gehrke is going to be working on a study of Minnesota food hub collaboratives.
The study involves four existing food hubs and one in the planning stages,"
Weinand said.

Food hubs, besides MVAC's, in the study are in Little Falls, Fergus Falls and
Alexandria.

"The whole idea is to make locally grown food more affordable. The intention is
to improve marketing and competitiveness of specialty crop growers," Gehrke
said.

Besides the food hub study, he has begun working with the city of St. James on
the planning stages for a "grow-a-farmer" program. Participants potentially
could become food hub partners.

"That would create green jobs in our backyard."

___ (c)2017 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170106-FP-Ag-department-awards-funds-for-food-hub-study-0106-20170106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2017 The Free Press

                              430 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

South Dakota: Funds Available for Specialty Crop Advancement

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) announces that funds are
available for Specialty Crop Block Grants.Applications should be submitted via
email to kimberly.deschepper@state.sd.us and four printed copies including an
original must be mailed to SDDA at 523 E Capitol Avenue, Pierre, SD 57501.
Applications are due May 1, 2017.Agriculture is a major contributor to South
Dakota 's economy, generating $25.6 billion in annual economic activity and
employing over 115,000 South Dakotans. The South Dakota Department of
Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect and preserve this industry for
today and tomorrow.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              431 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           October 4, 2014, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 857 words


Ala. man arrested after allegedly fleeing police

An Alabama man led a trooper on a 20-to 25-minute pursuit in Braxton and Gilmer
counties Thursday night, according to West Virginia State Police.

Floyd Smith, 39, of Rockford, Alabama, was wanted on arson charges, Senior
Trooper J.M. Maynor said.

Smith was also allegedly driving a stolen vehicle and had two stolen firearms,
Maynor said.

Maynor said he tried to stop Smith for speeding in the northbound lane of
Interstate 79 around the 77 mile marker.

Smith exited Interstate 79 at the Burnsville exit, traveled toward Gilmer County
on West Virginia Route 5, then turned around and was pursued back into Braxton
County where police followed him on Hyer's Run Road.

"It ranged from anywhere between 80 and 100 miles per hour, Maynor said.

Smith was taken into custody in Burnsville.

He was being held at Central Regional Jail without bail on Friday.

Man accused of dealing heroin in fatal case

MARTINSBURG - A Martinsburg man has been indicted on federal charges that he
delivered heroin, which caused another man's death.

Media outlets report Keith Watson, 35, was charged with distribution of heroin
and faces arraignment next week in U.S. Magistrate Court.

U.S. Attorney William J. Ihlenfeld said Thursday the heroin delivery is alleged
to have caused the death of a 37-year-old Berkeley County man in April.
Ihlenfeld says the charge carries a maximum penalty of life in prison upon
conviction.

Ethics commission to hold lobbyist training

The West Virginia Ethics Commission says it will hold two training sessions for
lobbyists.

All lobbyists registered in West Virginia must complete one training course
during each lobbyist registration cycle to maintain their registration and
engage in lobbying activities. The commission says attendance at the October 16
training will satisfy the requirements for the Jan. 1, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014,
registration cycle.

The two Oct. 16 training sessions are one-hour in length and will be conducted
at the commission's offices in Charleston.

Lobbyists may also fulfill the training requirement by viewing a training video
on the commission's website at www.ethics.wv.gov.Failureto.complete the required
training could result in the suspension of lobbying privileges.

Rob Alsop gets WVU senior leader position

MORGANTOWN - Rob Alsop has been appointed to a restructured senior leadership
position at West Virginia University.

The former chief of staff to Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin will become WVU's vice
president for legal and governmental affairs and entrepreneurial engagement.

WVU President Gordon Gee announced Alsop's appointment Friday. It is effective
Oct. 27. William Hutchens is retiring as WVU's top legal officer.

Alsop will oversee the university's legal team and state and corporate relations
staff. He'll also work with university leaders on initiatives that promote joint
entrepreneurial and research partnerships.

Alsop is currently a special counsel at the Morgantown law office of Bowles
Rice. He was the governor's chief of staff from 2010 to 2013.

He has resigned from the WVU Board of Governors, a position he was appointed to
last year.

W.Va. doles out specialty crop grants

A program that supports specialty crop farmers has awarded nearly $250,000 in
federal grants for 14 projects in West Virginia.

The funding is to help enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops including
fruits, vegetables, horticulture products, honey, maple syrup and nursery stock
such as Christmas trees.

The state Department of Agriculture says the projects receiving funding are in
Calhoun, Jefferson, Kanawha, Monongalia, Ohio, Ritchie and Tucker counties.

The department also received funding for statewide projects involving specialty
crop training, maple syrup production, and prototype mobile wash units for
farmers markets.

The funding is from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block
Grant program.

Youth entrepreneurship focus of federal grant

BECKLEY - The Ohio-West Virginia Youth Leadership Association will receive a
nearly $70,000 federal grant to expand a youth entrepreneurship education
program.

Democratic U.S. Rep Nick Rahall of West Virginia announced the award for the
association.

The federal funding was provided by the Appalachian Regional Commission. It is
being matched with nearly $23,000 from local sources.

Rahall's office says the funding will be used to expand a statewide network of
certified educators and business and community leaders who will participate in
entrepreneurship programs that include camps and summits at Camp Horseshoe in
Parsons.

Inventors compete for festival prize

HUNTINGTON - West Virginia inventors will compete for prizes of up to $1,000 at
a festival in Huntington.

The "West Virginia Makes Festival is scheduled downtown today. The design
challenge will reward creative thinkers whose inventions most impress a panel of
judges.

The event is sponsored by the Robert C. Byrd Institute for Advanced
Manufacturing, Advantage Valley, the city of Huntington, and Marshall
University.

Byrd Institute CEO Charlotte Webber says the event is expected to attract
"tinkerers and hobbyists of all ages.

- From Staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers

                              432 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                     October 19, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

AGRICULTURE TASK FORCE BRANCHES OUT

BYLINE: JANE RAMSEY, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: LIVERMORE


LIVERMORE - A conference room at the Wente Winery was the setting for the second
meeting of state Sen. Tom Torlakson's Agricultural Enterprise Task Force on
Monday evening.

A standing-room-only crowd of farmers, marketers, government officials,
environmentalists and residents of Alameda and Contra Costa counties interested
in promoting local farming discussed issues confronting the industry and its
customers.

The number of people who turned out for the meeting impressed Chuck Carpenter,
president of the volunteer board of directors of the Contra Costa County
Certified Farmers Markets.

"There were 20 people at a meeting like this in Brentwood 20 years ago,"
Carpenter said.

Five subcommittees dealing with different issues facing agriculture were formed
at the meeting Tuesday. The groups will use the weeks before the holidays to
discuss strategies for advancing agriculture in the region.

The subcommittees will look at marketing, labor and housing, funding and
infrastructure needs, such as a streamlined permitting process, for agriculture
interests. They also will address education, both in schools and of the public,
on the importance of agriculture.

"Reports should be made by early spring on recommendations on legislation and
things that could be acted on immediately," said Torlakson, D-Antioch. "We could
work with local ag task forces to put some clout behind what they're doing."

Torlakson's sense of the need for immediate action to keep agriculture alive in
the region was shared by Brentwood Mayor Mike McPolan].

"There is a state of urgency. So many farmers have taken losses and are unable
to plant because of that," McPoland said.

Valerie Raymond, a former Alameda County supervisor, worried that the
agriculture enterprise task force's efforts might overlap the efforts of other
groups, such as the recently formed water task force for agriculture in the
Tri-Valley. That task force will work intensively for the next six months on how
to get additional water to nonurban Tri-Valley areas.

"We don't want to duplicate efforts," Raymond said.

Ed Williams of the state Department of Food and Agriculture encouraged those
attending to give input to his agency on how $64 million of federal block grant
money for specialty crops should be used. Specialty crops include 150 farm
products that are not rice, peanuts or corn, Williams said. Comments will be
accepted by the agriculture department on the money's use through Nov. 1.

knslot wed hba rim

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Breakout- SPEAK OUT
Comments are being accepted through Nov. 1, and should be sent to: CDFA Block
Grant Program, 1220 N St., Suite 428, Sacramento, CA 95814

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              433 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

Renteria Doesn't Blend In

BYLINE: Jessica Brady, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: THE CHIEF

LENGTH: 1144 words


Amanda Renteria's parents emigrated from central Mexico in the 1960s to work as
fruit pickers in California. They settled in the rural town of Woodlake and
raised three daughters. When Renteria, the middle child, was accepted to
Stanford University and signed on with the elite school's basketball team, her
small high school was so thrilled that an announcement was made over the
intercom system.

"I was completely embarrassed. All I wanted to do was blend in," Renteria said,
still cringing at the memory.

Now the top aide to Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), Renteria does not always
blend in. Nor does she try to. At 33, she is one of the younger chiefs of staff
and is the only Hispanic chief in the Senate. She plays in a male-dominated
basketball league. In fact, she's such a fitness junkie that she sits on an
exercise ball rather than a desk chair.

Renteria extends her high energy level to the Stabenow office. For instance,
soon after she was elevated to the chief post from legislative director this
year, she launched a "fun committee."

The fun committee hosted a staff celebration - loaded with blueberries and fresh
veggies - after a $3 billion subsidy for specialty crops was inserted into the
farm bill this year. Michigan is a large producer of blueberries, apples,
cherries, asparagus and celery, and to push the subsidy, Renteria reached out to
chiefs from states rich in specialty crops.

"Amanda knows the importance of celebrating," Stabenow said. "I think it's all
part of team building, which she is very good at."

Renteria joined Stabenow's office in 2006 as a legislative aide on financial
issues. She became legislative director in 2007, and was named chief of staff in
early 2008.

Stabenow hailed Renteria's "relationship-building" with Senate colleagues, which
began as soon as Renteria came into the job.

Renteria, approachable and energetic, contacted other chiefs to ask questions
about ethics and Senator-to-Senator relationships. She also asked chiefs from
other Midwest offices to cooperate on Great Lakes issues, and of course, on
specialty crops.

"I saw where we were really missing an opportunity with specialty crops, and I
reached out to other chiefs to see about getting something done," she said.
"There's a lot more creativity if you have a coalition behind something."

Renteria majored in economics and political science at Stanford, where she wrote
her senior thesis on women in politics. Rather than opting for government,
though, Renteria became a financial analyst for Goldman Sachs in Los Angeles.
After three years, she decided she needed to "make a difference, cheesy as that
sounds," in the public sector.

Renteria next became a math teacher at her former high school, Woodlake. She
then had a stint with the city of San Jose, where she consulted on a
neighborhood revitalization initiative. She earned an MBA from Harvard Business
School, with the goal of focusing on community development.

So "when I got to Washington, I was already exposed to a lot of this stuff,"
Renteria pointed out. "I knew what [Community Development Block Grant] funds
were. I knew what it was like to teach in a classroom with limited resources."

Renteria moved to Washington in 2006 to work for Sen. Dianne Feinstein
(D-Calif.), one of the female Senators elected in 1992 - the year of the woman -
who inspired Renteria's senior thesis. "And she was a Stanford woman!" Renteria
said. "It was perfect. It all just really came together."

While Renteria speaks passionately about her years as a teacher and local
government worker, it is clearly her business background that has formed her
methodical approach to politics. As chief of staff, she is deliberative and
thorough, and someone who sticks to "a process that makes good decisions."

"I generally want to come to a decision as a group when I can," she said. "There
are just times when you have staff think of things differently. Experts think of
things differently. I get into the debate, too."

For example, Renteria "put everyone on the hot seat" when the Senate considered
the $700 billion financial rescue package. Staff assistants answered hundreds of
constituent calls and legislative aides reviewed the bill, while Renteria
quizzed staffers and presided over a debate arguing both for and against the
legislation.

Weighing the feedback, Stabenow eventually cast one of 25 dissenting votes
against the bill (it passed the Senate 74-25). Renteria said it was "definitely
one of the hardest weeks" she's had as chief.

"It was one of those things where we had three conference calls, and we still
didn't know what to do," Renteria said. "It took a long time to make a decision
for the Senator."

Renteria noted that chiefs "have to deal with decisions no one wants to make."

One example is Renteria's overhaul of the way that Stabenow's office considers
appropriations requests. She shifted the primary responsibility from the
Washington staff, usually the first point of contact for constituents with
appropriations requests, to the state staff. Requests are now channeled through
a district manager in Michigan before reaching the desk of any Washington
staffer. Renteria said the shift has made for a more localized and efficient
process.

But it took some convincing for Renteria to get everyone on board. The staff was
accustomed to the existing process, and Stabenow was hesitant to make any
changes with appropriations that might confuse constituents.

At the same time, "You have to keep the Senator comfortable and let her know the
ball is rolling and we're going to get this done," Renteria said. "In order to
get where you want to go, you have to take risks. [Stabenow] takes risks."

Renteria had never set foot in Michigan before joining Stabenow's office, and
she had to quickly brush up on the state's major issues before her first day on
the job. Before Renteria was even on the payroll, Stabenow ordered her to attend
Detroit's auto show, the marquee event in the state. Renteria travels to the
Wolverine State every recess, and back to her small hometown in California about
two times a year.

"My phone doesn't work [in California], and neither does my BlackBerry,"
Renteria said, laughing. "It really keeps me grounded."

Renteria is currently fulfilling her mission of making a difference in
Stabenow's office. But she does miss the immediate gratification of local
government, and she hints she might return to those roots some day.

Another family member may have beaten her to it. Renteria's mother, who worked
as a school secretary in Woodlake for 35 years, is currently running for a seat
on the school board. Renteria marvels at how her mom, for years the woman behind
the desk taking other people's calls, is campaigning to call the shots herself.

"I forgot about what kind of difference you can make when you run," she said.
"Maybe one day I'll be like my mom and run for school board."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 28, 2008



CORRECTION: The Oct. 16 article "Renteria Doesn't Blend In" incorrectly stated
that Amanda Renteria is the only Hispanic chief of staff in the Senate. At least
three Hispanic chiefs, including Renteria, currently work in the Senate.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Roll Call, Inc.

                              434 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Business Watch: Resale store for plus-sized women to open

LENGTH: 577 words


A boutique for plus-sized women will open in Topeka later this month.

Heather Brown, owner of Lush, said she will have a short 'soft opening' March 28
before opening for full hours on March 31. Hours will be 2 to 8 p.m. Tuesdays,
10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday.

The store will resell clothing for women sizes 14 to 5X, with the focus on sizes
up to 28 because only a few brands make clothes in sizes beyond that, Brown
said. She plans to carry clothing for most occasions, including casual clothes,
active wear, professional clothing and even wedding gowns.

"In the resale market, it's mostly 10 or 12 (plus-sized) items in a store," she
said. "There's a definite need."

Other items for sale will include purses, shoes and perfume, Brown said.

Brown estimated there may be more than 20,000 plus-sized women in the Topeka
area, but only two stores sell exclusively those sizes.

"I'm seeing plus-sized women and I'm not seeing where they can shop that's
affordable," she said.

A room in the back will have items for low-income and homeless women to choose
from, Brown said. Customers who want to contribute can buy an item and donate it
to the free room or donate funds, she said.

"I want a room specifically that has nice, clean clothes and underwear and bras
they can buy and not have to worry about paying for," she said.

The store will be located at 3124 S.W. 29th, across from Brookwood Shopping
Center. For more information, visit the Lush Women's Clothing Store page on
Facebook or call (785) 608-8431.

Health magazine

debuts in Topeka

A new local health magazine is available for free at about 300 locations around
the area.

Businesses in the health sector who advertise in the monthly magazine can
contribute articles, said Kevin Doel, who used to publish TK Magazine and is
handling publicity for Topeka Health & Wellness.

Owner Lee Hartman, who also publishes Metro Voice News, said he saw a free
health-focused magazine in the Kansas City area and thought Topeka could support
one. It will include topics related to physical, mental and emotional health, he
said.

Hartman said he and Doel are partnering with Heartland Healthy Neighborhoods in
the hope that the magazine will encourage people to adopt healthier habits.

"We've had really positive feedback from everybody who's seen it or heard about
it so far," he said. "They think it's really timely."

The magazine is available at grocery stores, doctor's offices, health clubs and
restaurants, Hartman said. Readers also can look for weekly content updates on
www.TopekaHealthAndWellness.com or the magazine's Facebook page, he said.

Specialty crop

grants open

The Kansas Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the specialty
crop block grants.

The grants are funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agricultural
Marketing Service. Kansas received $314,370 in 2014 and probably will receive a
little more this year, but the exact amount isn't known yet, said Beth Gaines,
spokeswoman for KDA.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, nuts, flowers and nursery crops. The
grants can help with funds to market those products or for other costs that
support them, Gaines said. For example, one year a university received a grant
to study how best to store crops, she said.

Applications are due May 15. For more information, visit
www.agriculture.ks.gov/specialtycropblockgrant.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              435 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

Funds available to plant community, school orchards

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 260  words


BISMARCK - Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says $50,000 is available to
help North Dakota communities and schools plant an orchard in 2015.

Communities and schools can apply for grants of $500 to $10,000. The grants are
available on a competitive basis. "To further enhance the program, we're able to
more than double the amount available this round. This is the third year of
funding for these grants with 13 past recipients," Goehring said. "Now, even
more groups will have the opportunity to enhance the beauty of their local
communities and schools and increases awareness of specialty crops."

Goehring said grant funds can be used for plants, trees, planting supplies, soil
amendments, irrigation and fencing supplies, but not permanent structures or
purchase of land.

The North Dakota State University Extension Service has developed a guide,
Starting a Community Orchard in North Dakota, to help applicants in preparing
grant applications. It can be found on the North Dakota Department of
Agriculture (NDDA)

website www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Marketing/OrchardManualFinal.pdf.

Application forms for the grants, are available on the NDDA website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/program-info/local-foods-initiative/community-orchard-proj ect

Grant applications must be received by Jan. 2, 2015.

Questions about the grant program should be directed to Jamie Good, local foods
marketing specialist at (701) 328-2659 or jgood@nd.gov

The North Dakota Community. Orchard Project is part of NDDA's Local Foods
Initiative, funded through a USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Golden Valley News

                              436 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Finance NM: Ag. bill brings changes for farmers, markets

BYLINE: By Finance New Mexico

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 556 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; The 2014 Farm Bill has something for every New Mexican who
makes a living by farming or ranching. The bill, which became law in February,
affects Department of Agriculture programs until fiscal year 2018.

Most significantly, the bill replaces direct and countercyclical payments to
farmers with expanded crop insurance offerings. The discontinued program
subsidized farmers based on historical acreage and yields rather than actual
yield, while countercyclical payments compensated farmers when crop prices fell.

Moving forward, farmers who grow eligible crops must choose between Price Loss
Coverage or Agricultural Risk Coverage; the first pays farmers if market prices
fall below established benchmarks, while the second pays only if crop revenue
falls short of established guarantees. Crop insurance is often required by
lenders.

For dairy farmers, the new Margin Protection Program for Dairy Producers pays
dairy farmers based on the difference between the price of milk and the cost of
feed to produce it.

The federal Credit Commodity Corporation will subsidize 65 percent of the
insurance premiums for these programs.

The bill also:

Restores livestock disaster assistance retroactive to 2011, when the last relief
program expired and left ranchers vulnerable to the forage-crop-killing 2012
drought and severe winter storms that decimated herds.

Increases investment in local food, rural development, organic agriculture and
healthy food access initiatives. The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program will support direct farmer-to-consumer marketing channels and provide
grants to farm-to-institution enterprises, food hubs and other ventures that
process, distribute or store foods produced locally or regionally. Local food
activists hope the increased funding and broader funding categories will
stimulate growth along the entire spectrum of local and regional food
production.

Increases mandatory funding for Specialty Crop Block Grants, which should expand
opportunities for farmers, entrepreneurs and community groups to develop local
and regional food systems focused on fruits and vegetables.

Invests in the next generation of American farmers by funding and improving
programs that support novices and remove entry barriers to farming. The bill
funds training through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development and Outreach
and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers programs. The
Transitions Incentive Program gives retiring farmers incentives to lease or sell
land to beginners, and a Microloan Farm Credit program extends low-interest
loans to beginning and limited-resource farmers.

Ranchers had hoped the act would repeal country-of-origin rules that require
product labeling to show where beef, pork, chicken and fish were born, raised
and slaughtered.

The rules, which aim to ban the co-mingling of meat from different countries,
raise administrative costs for ranchers who move livestock across the border and
for processing plants that must segregate livestock.

For more information, contact Veronica Tribbett at 505-761-4907 or
veronica.tribbett@nm.usda.gov

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              437 of 814 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

Funds available to plant community, school orchards

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 260  words


BISMARCK - Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring says $50,000 is available to
help North Dakota communities and schools plant an orchard in 2015.

Communities and schools can apply for grants of $500 to $10,000. The grants are
available on a competitive basis.

"To further enhance the program, we're able to more than double the amount
available this round. This is the third year of funding for these grants with 13
past recipients," Goehring said. "Now, even more groups will have the
opportunity to enhance the beauty of their local communities and schools and
increases awareness of specialty crops."

Goehring said grant funds can be used for plants, trees, planting supplies, soil
amendments, irrigation and fencing supplies, but not permanent structures or
purchase of land.

The North Dakota State University Extension Service has developed a guide,
Starting a Community Orchard in North Dakota, to help applicants in preparing
grant applications. It can be found on the North Dakota Department of
Agriculture (NDDA) website at www.nd.gov/ndda/files/Market-mg/OrchardManualFinal
pdf Application forms for the grants are available on the NDDA website at
www.nd.gov/ndda/program-info/local-foods-initiative/community-orchard-proj ect

Grant applications must be received by Jan. 2, 2015.

Questions about the grant program should be directed to Jamk; Good, local foods
marketing specialist at (701) 328-2659 or jgood@nd.gov

The North Dakota Community Orchard Project is part of NDDA's Local Foods
Initiative, funded through a USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The Billings County Pioneer

                              438 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Canceled Treat your taste buds to all things apple

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washoe County: Washoe County has issued the following news release:
 The Washoe Valley Cider Squeeze has been canceled due to the fires in the
Washoe Valley area.  A taste of history, entertainment, education, and more will
be found at the Washoe Valley Cider Squeeze on Saturday, Oct.15, 2016, at the
historic Bowers Mansion County Park Comstock Pavilion from 11:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.





 The Bowers Mansion will be open to the public for tours. Attendees will be able
to watch and participate in a demonstration of how apples are made into juice
and will have an opportunity to sample apples and fresh-pressed cider.



 What: Washoe Valley Cider Squeeze



 Where: Historic Bowers Mansion County Park Comstock Pavilion



 When: Saturday, Oct. 15, 2016, from 11:30 a.m. until 4 p.m.



 Other activities include a historical portrayal by Lady Caroline, who
entertains and educates with her handmade vintage costumes and stories of Nevada
history. Tea House Gardens will have promotional materials available and apple
orders will be accepted during the event. Participants are encouraged to bring
their own picnic, or snacks and appetizers to share. Admission and parking are
free.



 "Most people have only tasted a handful of apple varieties and very few people
know that we have some of the old varieties growing on ranch sites right here in
Northern Nevada," Owner of Tea House Gardens Bill Murphy-Sharp said. "This year,
we are hoping consumers learn about these old varieties, buy some fruit, make
some cider and help support restoration of this uniquely regional specialty crop
in Northern Nevada. It is important to recognize that after being cultivated in
our arid climate for more than a century, these trees have adapted to our
region, which imparts to the fruit unique colors, flavors and storage
characteristics and we are just discovering them."



 Even though the Community Horticulture and Cider Making project is partially
funded by the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the views of this event
do not necessarily represent the official views of the Nevada State Department
of Agriculture, Plant Division or the State of Nevada.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              439 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday

State offers farm-stand grants

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: BUSINESS; News

LENGTH: 366 words


Farm stands and farmers markets can expand their businesses and better connect
consumers to nutritious, locally grown farm products through a federal grant
that supports marketing and business opportunities, Agriculture Secretary
Russell C. Redding has announced.

The Direct Farm Sales Grant, which is funded by the federal Specialty Crops
Block Grant program through the 2008 Farm Bill, provides up to $7,500 in
matching grant funds to producers and markets selling directly to consumers.

"We've seen great growth in the number of farm stands and farmers markets in
Pennsylvania, and have had a few of our farmers markets named among the
mostpopular in the nation this year," Redding said in a news release. "These
grants are an important way to support producers who are marketing directly to
consumers and, in turn, bolster the local economy where they are located."

Applicants must provide at least 25 percent of the grant amount in matching or
in-kind services. Grants may be used for the following eligible projects:


     ·    Promoting an existing farm stand or farmers market through marketing
          materials, media outreach and advertising.



     ·    Costs associated with opening a new farm stand or farmers market,
          including site selection, demographic research, farmer recruitment and
          sales potential analysis.



     ·    The cost of developing a business plan for a new farm stand or farmers
          market.



     ·    Producing nutrition education materials or educational materials about
          Pennsylvania farm products.



     ·    Purchasing tables, stands and other display materials for use in a
          farm stand or farmers market.



     ·    Staffing costs to manage and operate a farm stand or farmers market.



     ·    Outreach to program participants to increase involvement in food
          assistance programs.



     ·    Provide capital to farm stands or farmers markets to plant specialty
          crops.


Completed applications must be postmarked by Tuesday, Nov. 23, and should be
directed to the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, Bureau of
FoodDistribution, Direct Farm Sales Grant Program, 2301 N. Cameron St., Room
401, Harrisburg, PA 17110.

For more information about the grant program or to download an application,
visit the website at agriculture.state.pa.us and search "Direct Farm Sales
Grant."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              440 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senate Weighs Bill Overhauling Agriculture Programs

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 804 words


WASHINGTON -- The farm bill under debate in the Senate would be the nation's
first major overhaul of federal agriculture programs in decades, including an
end to the policy of paying farmers whether they grow crops or not.

The House has not produced its own farm bill, and any proposed legislation could
face resistance from fiscal conservatives and lawmakers aligned with the Tea
Party who want greater cuts in farm programs and food stamps. The House was
expected to begin work on its own bill next week, but the majority whip, Eric
Cantor, Republican of Virginia, asked the House Agriculture Committee on
Wednesday to delay work on the bill until July 11.

By eliminating such payments to farmers and farmland owners the Senate bill
would make the highly subsidized crop insurance program the primary safety net
when crop prices drop. Currently, the government subsidizes about 62 percent of
the crop insurance premiums, and the policies typically guarantee 75 to 85
percent of a farmer's revenue.

The bill creates programs to protect farmers from additional revenue losses and
to cover their insurance deductibles.

The legislation also would add more money for programs for specialty crop
growers, like farmers who grow fruits and vegetables. Produce growers have
traditionally received few subsidies from the federal government. The proposed
farm bill would expand block grants to states for research and promotion of
fruits and vegetables.

''This is a strong farm bill for specialty crops,'' said Robert Guenther, senior
vice president for public policy at the United Fresh Produce Association, a
trade group of fruit and vegetable growers.

The Senate legislation also would repeal a longstanding provision in the farm
bill that prevents farmers who get direct payments for growing commodity crops
like wheat and corn from growing fruits and vegetables. The restrictions would
be lifted because growers of commodity crops would lose their direct payments.

Farmers in the Midwest who have long complained about the planting restrictions
say they are also glad to see them end.

One farmer, Jack Hedin of Rushford, Minn., was forced to pay $9,000 in fines in
2008 after planting watermelons, tomatoes and vegetables on 25 acres of land
that he rented from a farmer who got direct payments.

Mr. Hedin said the ending of direct payments and the planting restrictions was
long overdue.

''It's a good thing for the fruit and vegetables growers like myself who are in
the Corn Belt, where everyone gets direct payments and farmers who wanted to
grow produce have limited access to land because of the restrictions,'' he said.

The spending cuts in the Senate bill, which amounts to $23 billion, come largely
from the elimination of direct payments, which cost about $5 billion a year, and
cutting about $4.5 billion from the food stamp program.

A vote by the full Senate is expected Thursday afternoon, said the majority
leader, Harry Reid, Democrat of Nevada.

Southern farmers, especially peanut growers, have opposed the bill because it
ends direct payments. The farmers argue that crop insurance would not provide an
adequate safety net for them.

A number of budget watchdog and environment groups have also opposed the Senate
legislation. A major point of contention has been the crop insurance program,
which cost about $7.3 billion last year, up from $951 million in 2000, or about
$1.2 billion adjusted for inflation. A Congressional Budget Office report said
the program could cost about $90 billion over the next 10 years.

Unlike its other farm programs, the government does not impose income caps or
payment limits on crop insurance subsidies. But Wednesday evening the Senate
voted 66 to 33 to cap payments in the crop insurance program for farmers
reporting $750,000 or more in annual adjusted gross income. Another amendment
added soil and water conservation requirements to the crop insurance program.

A recent report by the Environmental Working Group, a Washington research group,
found that 26 farm operations got more than $1 million in crop insurance
subsidies last year. An amendment by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New
York, that would have restored cuts to the food stamp program by cutting
subsidies to companies that sell crop insurance was defeated.

Steve Ellis, the vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a budget watchdog
group, said the Senate bill failed to achieve real savings.

Mr. Ellis said that the bill plows savings from the cuts into two new programs
for farmers and that despite the cuts, the new farm bill would cost 60 percent
more than the last bill passed in 2008, which is expected to run more than $600
billion over 10 years.

''With farm country doing as well as it is and farm income at record highs, the
Senate missed an opportunity to pass a bill with real reform,'' Mr. Ellis said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Representative Eric Cantor wants the House to start on its
version of the bill in July. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHIP SOMODEVILLA/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company

                              441 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

State hoop houses help extend vegetable season

BYLINE: Renée Jean Associated Press

SECTION: C; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 676 words


WILLISTON - Flowers, tomatoes and peppers are still going strong in the high
tunnels at Nesson Valley, and hopes are high that this happy situation will
continue through October and maybe even into November.

Nesson Valley is one of three test sites across the state exploring just how
much season extension is possible in a high tunnel or hoop house. The other two
locations are in Bottineau at the Dakota College and in Absaraka at the Dale E.
Herman Research Arboretum, where a new tunnel was just built this spring. The
$173,000 grant for the three test sites came from the North Dakota specialty
crop block grant program.

Hoop houses, unlike a greenhouse, are generally inexpensive, but unheated
spaces. Heavy plastic, sometimes double-walled with an air space in between, is
stretched over metal or wood frames anchored in the ground with cement. The
plastic with its air space in between traps heat from sunlight when it is cold,
extending the season in the spring and fall. However, in summer, temperatures
can get about 10 degrees or so too warm, so there must be a means for venting to
keep production optimal. In the Williston tunnel, that is accomplished with
roll-up sides.

The Williston tunnel has already successfully extended the season for vegetables
considerably longer than the neighboring, open-air side plot, according to Kyla
Splichal, horticulture research specialist overseeing the project for the
Williston Research Extension Center.

"The frost we had two weeks ago really stopped all outside vegetable
production," she said. "Although the cut flowers outside still seem to be
producing."

While the peppers, flowers and tomatoes are still growing strong, the cucumbers
in the hoop house have unfortunately slowed down - not due to weather, however.

"We've had some disease issues," Splichal said. "That has affected production,
although I think cucumbers kind of tire out after a while anyway."

The high tunnel looks not only at how well season extension does in North Dakota
but which varieties will work best. Production economics will also be evaluated,
to see if cut flowers or other specialty crops can be grown profitably in them.

Williston's structure is 20 by 96 feet and located at Nesson Valley, where
irrigation is available. Tyler Tjelde, director of Nesson Valley Research Farm,
has been instrumental in the upkeep of the structure, which he says can
withstand 60-mph wind and up to golfball-sized hail. The double-walled structure
has already successfully weathered a few storms, Tjelde said during this year's
Field Day at Nesson Valley.

Jacob Kluza has been in charge of the cut flower part of the operation, which
includes delphiniums, snap dragons, and Lisianthas, a blue and beautiful forest
flower rose that is advertised as able to beat the heat. He spoke about the cut
flower project at the Nesson Valley Field Day this year.

"North Dakota is a little behind the farmers market," Kluza said. "I come from
Wisconsin, where every farmers market already has cut flowers."

He's hoping to change that with his cut flowers, which he believes could prove a
valuable niche crop for someone in the area to grow, pointing out
enthusiastically, "Who doesn't love flowers?"

Such an operation would at the least be geographically advantaged, giving them
an edge on at least transportation costs. But the tunnels have been shown in
other states to improve overall quality and quantities in production operations,
suggesting there may be other advantages as well.

Jacobs believes the tunnel will allow them to overwinter perennials that would
normally be too tender for North Dakota. The houses are also protecting the crop
from wind and weather damage, and can help create a more steady state for
environmental humidity and temperatures, all of which could help contribute to
the margins for a profitable specialty crop.

"If we can produce here on site, the cost is reduced," Kluza said. "The impact
on earth is reduced. It's all around better to produce here and sell locally,
and this is a great alternative crop to the normal agronomy."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              442 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               MendoLake Food Hub

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.mendolakefoodhub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The purpose of the MendoLake Food Hub is to enhance the competitiveness and
utilization of locally-grown specialty crops (fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
herbs, spices, honey, and vegetable starts). The Food Hub aims to unite
producers so that more locally-grown foods are affordable and sustainable for
institutional and retail buyers inside and out of Lake and Mendocino Counties.
All of our farmers are Certified Producers, meaning they grow what they sell,
and Approved Sources, meaning they follow stringent food safety practices.  The
MendoLake Food Hub is a program of North Coast Opportunities. Its start-up is
being funded by a three-year USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant, which ends in
2016.  Use the map to look for a Food Hub participant near you!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              443 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Community action, Stone Belt launch greenhouse project

BYLINE: Jeff LaFave, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 586 words


Oct. 31--Stone Belt CEO Leslie Green jokes that when she started working for the
agency in 1979, the property's trees were merely saplings.

Those trees have each since grown into full, mature branch bloom -- and lost
their leaves for this incoming winter. They welcomed their new neighbors
Thursday as Stone Belt and the South Central Community Action Program broke
ground on a 2,880 square-foot greenhouse in a frosty morning ceremony at the
agency's 2815 E. 10th St. property owned by Indiana University.

The greenhouse is the first of three planned within the community action
program's "Growing Opportunities" social business project, and is slated to open
in spring 2015. It aims to supply job training useful for seeking employment in
Bloomington's growing local foods movement, as well as to emphasize much-needed
soft skills for job areas such as horticulture, food service, restaurants and
retail.

"I've always been a tree-hugger," Green said. "A project like this is not only
right up my alley on a personal basis, but it really helps Stone Belt to fulfill
part of our mission to prepare and empower people with developmental
disabilities to fully demonstrate in the community."

Growing Opportunities says that 10 participants will be able to practice their
skills in a fully-functioning greenhouse business, as well as receive classroom
training in a 200-hour, 20-week course, offered twice a year. The fruits of
their labor -- which may actually include vegetables such as kale, swiss chard,
basil, cilantro, parsley and several varieties of lettuce -- will be sold to
local restaurants, grocers and the public.

The urban farm aims to grow produce year-round using hydroponics, which involves
growing plants in water without soil.

The community action program also aims to play a public role of nutrition and
food preservation education, where individuals of all income levels have access
to food.

"Hunger in Indiana is complicated," said Nikki Wooten, Growing Opportunities
project manager. "It is not just getting enough food, but getting the right food
and making the right choices. Eating nutritiously is a struggle, especially for
low-income people. ... By increasing knowledge of nutrition, cooking and
hydroponic growing methods of herbs and leafy greens, our project will help to
improve the consumption rate of these healthy, nutritious specialty crops among
low-income people in Indiana."

The Indiana State Department of Agriculture approved a $67,456 grant for Growing
Opportunities through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program. The community action program anticipates that Growing
Opportunities will become financially self-supporting once it is operating three
greenhouses, and is currently seeking additional funding for two more
greenhouses to be located on the former Thomson manufacturing site, now owned by
the Monroe County Commissioners.

"I cannot say enough about how much we appreciate our partners who have helped
us get to this point," Community action's Executive Director Todd Lare said. "It
has been challenging to find land and enough funding to get this greenhouse
project off the ground."

The community action program started developing its Growing Opportunities
project more than two years ago based on a New Jersey community action agency
called "Arthur & Friends," which opened in 2008.

___ (c)2014 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141031-BM-Community-action-Stone-Belt-launch-greenhouse-project-1031-20141031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2014 Herald-Times

                              444 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOUSE OKS CITRUS FUNDS

BYLINE: By BETH FURTWANGLER and SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The House of Representatives approved $2.5 million late Tuesday for citrus
canker research as part of an agriculture spending bill.

Florida citrus officials applauded the action, but cautioned it was only the
beginning of a much-needed process. If approved, the outlay - which is five
times larger than previous canker research appropriations - would support
research to help improve methods to treat, contain, and eliminate citrus canker,
a fruit-blemishing bacterial disease that does not affect humans.

One legislator pushing for the money was U.S. Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fort Pierce,
who cited canker as one of the obstacles, along with hurricanes, that the
Florida citrus industry has recently faced.

"In spite of these setbacks, the industry has continued to produce safe and
reliable products for the consumer," Foley said in a statement. "These funds
will help the industry to continue in that tradition."

The spending bill was approved 378-46. A Senate committee is scheduled to start
work on similar legislation after Memorial Day.

Harold Browning, director of the University of Florida's Citrus Research and
Education Center in Lake Alfred, said Wednesday the House bill also includes
money to research and combat citrus greening, which is deadly to citrus trees
and spread by an exotic insect.

"This would be the first federal commitment toward greening, which is probably
the much bigger challenge for us," Browning said.

Guidance for the research will come from priorities set at an international
workshop on canker and greening in December. For greening, the list includes
improved diagnostics, detection and suppression of the insect. For canker, the
priority is helping the citrus industry manage now that the 10-year eradication
program has ended, Browning said.

Appropriations in the past for canker research have been about $500,000 for the
past few years; $2.5 million would be a marked increase, he said.

Doug Bournique, executive vice president of the Indian River Citrus League in
Vero Beach, said the future of Florida's citrus industry depends on science.

"We absolutely need this research so that we have a future," Bournique said. "We
need the high-tech thinking that this money will bring in so we can find a cure
for canker."

The agricultural appropriations bill for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1 also
includes $15 million for the Specialty Crop Block Grants program, which helps
producers of U.S. specialty crops maintain competitiveness in global markets.

The bill provides a little more than $1.7 million for the Harbor Branch
Oceanographic Institution in Fort Pierce to continue funding for sustainable
salt-water aquaculture research. Additional funding is allotted for the
continuation of the Lake Okeechobee Conservation Project, which is helping
agricultural landowners decrease phosphorus inputs to the lake to improve the
ecosystem's health.

In other agriculture bill action, House members voted 281-135 to reject an
amendment that would have reduced the federal loan rate for sugar products by 6
percent. The reduction would have lowered the rate for sugar cane from 18 to 17
cents per pound and for sugar beets from 22.9 to 21.6 cents per pound.

- susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Mark Foley (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.

                              445 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Food briefs: Dumpling festival, Beer and Ballet and more

BYLINE: By Kathy Stephenson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: FOOD; Features

LENGTH: 678 words


'Hummussexual' shirt available Saturday

What do you do if you make hummus for a living and you're also one of three
plaintiffs in Utah's same-sex marriage lawsuit? You create a "Hummusexual"
T-shirt.

The light-hearted attire is a way for Derek Kitchen and Moudi Sbeity, owners of
Laziz Foods, to promote their Mediterranean dips and spreads and encourage
Utahns to show support for marriage equality. Last March, Kitchen and Sbeity,
joined two other couples in a lawsuit alleging Utah's gay marriage law was
unconstitutional.

The shirts cost $20 each, with 15 percent of the sales going to Restore Our
Humanity, the organization that is funding the case.

The shirts, which have the word "Hummussexual" on the front and "Live, Love.
Laziz" on the back, will be available beginning Saturday, April 5, at the Laziz
booth at the Downtown Winter Market. The market runs from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at
the Rio Grande Depot, 270 S. Rio Grade St., Salt Lake City.

The shirts come in red and brown and men's and women's sizes from small to
extra-large. They can be pre-ordered at
https://squareup.com/market/laziz-hummus/hummusexual-t-shirt. For those who plan
to pick up the shirts at the market, enter the code NOSHIP.

Chocolate and other poisonous plants

Many of the plants we eat, such as cacao, broccoli, and coffee contain toxic,
defensive chemicals that protect plants in nature. Through processing, cooking,
and other methods we create edible food products that we consume. Kevin Kohl, a
researcher at the University of Utah, will discusses how humans and wild animals
share remarkably similar solutions to dealing with these plant poisons. The
program includes a chocolate tasting.

When - Wednesday, April 2, 7 p.m.

Where - Natural History Museum of Utah, 301 Wakara Way, Salt Lake City;
801-581-6927

Cost - Included as part of museum's general admission of $11 for adults, $9 for
seniors and youths, 13-24 and $8 for children, 3-12

Details - nhmu.utah.edu/events/plant-defenses-dr-kevin-kohl

Mandarin hosts dumpling festival

The Mandarin will make more than 1,000 dumplings during its 10-day dumpling
festival underway in Bountiful. Each dumpling comes its own sauce. Offerings
include: steamed shrimp and spinach with citrus-ginger-cilantro sauce, Southeast
Asian beef with mint chutney and pan fried chicken pine nut with soy-ginger.

When - Through April 10

Where - Mandarin Restaurant, 348 E. 900 North, Bountiful, 801-298-2406

Cost - $3.50 for an order of two

Reservations - Available for parties of 8 or more. Smaller groups can call ahead
and be placed on the waiting list.

Beer and Ballet

Ticketholders to the "Beer and Ballet" fundraiser will sip craft beer from Epic
Brewing Co. and sample appetizers from The Annex before watching the final dress
rehearsal of Ballet West's "The Rite of Spring."

When - Thursday, April 10, 7:30 p.m.

Where - Capital Theatre, 50 W. 200 South, Salt Lake City

Cost - $50 atballetwest.org/BeerandBallet

Grants available for specialty crops

Grant proposals to increase production and availability of fruits, vegetables
and specialty crops in Utah, are now being accepted by The Utah Department of
Agriculture and Food (UDAF). Individual producers, local organizations, schools
and other crop stakeholders are eligible to apply for the federally funded
Specialty Crop Block Grant program. In 2013, 15 projects were awarded, $280,000.
The 2014 application deadline is June 6, 2014. More information and applications
are available at ag.utah.gov or by calling Craig Buttars at 801-538-4931, or
435-760-8147.

Free java at McDonald's

Get a free small McCafcc coffee during breakfast hours through April 13 at
participating McDonald's restaurants. To kick off the restaurant's two-week
coffee campaign, McDonald's also will make spontaneous coffee deliveries on
Friday, April 4 and 11. To get the delivery, tweet the desired location or photo
at @McDonalds_Utah. McCafcc also will surprise one Twitter follower every day
for the rest of the year with free coffee and prizes. Keep up with the
conversations on Twitter using the hash tag #McCafe or by following @McCafe.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              446 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 28, 2010

Agricultural Grant Programs work shop to be held in Chippewa Falls

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 340  words


An upcoming workshop is designed to help farmers and agricultural entrepreneurs
develop strategies to access state and federal grants and other resources. The
workshop will also give prospective applicants information, tools and training
to strengthen applications made to grant programs in order to attract increased
capital to Wisconsin agricultural industry.

Attend the workshop to help you identify which grants might be right for your
business. The workshop will also discuss ways to plan your business project and
strengthen your application. Specific grant programs to be covered
include:%<br></br>%<br></br>USDA's Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program
provides planning and working capital funds to farmers and farmer-based
enterprises to develop and implement value-added ventures.

DATCP's Agricultural Development and Diversification (ADD) grant program funds
initiatives that develop new value-added products, new markets, or new
technologies in agriculture.%<br></br>%<br></br>USDA's Sustainable Agriculture
Research and Education (SARE) grant program funds research, marketing and
demonstration projects.%<br></br>%<br></br>USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant
program funds endeavors that enhance the competitiveness ot. Wisconsin Specialty
Crops%<br></br>%<br></br>DATCP's Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin grant program, which
funds projects that will increase the. demand for and supply of locally;
produced foods in Wisconsin.

The workshop will be held at the' Village of Lake Hallie Hall, 13033! 30th Ave.
Chippewa Falls. A regis-; tration fee of $15.00 will cover the cost of lunch and
materials. To register, please contact Diane Tiry. For more information you may
also contact Trisha Wagner at the Jackson County Extension office.%<br></br>%

<br></br>Copyright 2010 The Blair Press-Taylor, Blair, Wisconsin. All Rights
Reserved. This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed
in any manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced
without express, written consent from SmallTownPapers, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 The Blair Press Taylor

                              447 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2013

First State cherries, anyone?;
Sussex County farm research projects could bear new fruit

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 685  words


Research and experiments on a farm near Bridgeville could have far-reaching
effects on the future of fruit production in the state.

T.S. Smith & Sons, a fourth-generation farm known for its apples and peaches, is
testing fruit varieties not typically grown on Delmarva: cherries, figs, quince,
pomegranates, pears, paw paws and three-season strawberries.

Sussex County farmers and cooperative extension staff toured the farm Aug. 21,
led by Charlie Smith, owner and grower, and Gordon Johnson, University of
Delaware Cooperative Extension fruit and vegetable specialist.

Smith said the goal of the project is to offer local farmers options to expand
their markets and at the same time establish a broader market for local fruit.

The farm has combined its own resources with a USDA Specialty Block Grant from
the U.S. Farm Bill in collaboration with the University of Delaware and the
Delaware Department of Education for a multiyear study on alternative fruits.

Strawberries and cherries

Smith's first crop of California strawberries produced 2,000 pounds of fruit
this past June. Johnson said he hopes farmers will be able to grow strawberries
from April to early December, far past the traditional mid-June time local
berries are available. That will take a lot of work because the 6-acre field
will need to be covered once the temperature is consistently in the 84-86 degree
range, Johnson said.

Next summer, they plan to experiment with four colors of shade mesh for the
plastic-culture strawberries. Johnson thinks traditional white mesh will
probably turn out best suited, but red, silver and gray will also be tried.
During the farm tour, Johnson demonstrated the ease of putting the innovative
frame and mesh system together to allow for easy access for picking.

Johnson said the disease-resistant Albion and San Andreas strawberries are well
suited to California conditions, and time will tell how they fare in Sussex
County. Johnson said they are working on a variety specifically for the southern
Delaware area.

"Our customers loved the idea of getting local strawberries out of season,"
Smith said.

Smith has also invested resources and time to grow an orchard of cherry trees;
he expects the first crop next spring.

Considered a specialty of the Pacific Northwest and Michigan, cherries are not
grown in many other places in the country, especially not in humid areas like
Delaware. However, that doesn't deter Smith's enthusiasm to grow several
varieties of cherries on his farm. He plans to pollinate the trees using bees
early next spring.

Once again, it will not come without a lot of labor. Because cherries will crack
when exposed to rain and humidity - not to mention that birds love them - Smith
has built metal tunnels covered with plastic and netting to keep out excess
moisture and birds. Smith is also using a system of weights, poles and plastic
wiring to spread the branches of his two-year-old dwarf cherry trees. He will
also do intensive pruning of the trees after the first fruit-bearing season.

Johnson and Smith said there is also a potential market for figs in southern
Delaware.

The farm has eight varieties of figs planted amid the apple orchards.

"Fresh figs is the way to go; even California is transferring to fresh figs,"
Johnson said. "They have to be harvested very carefully; we are researching
post-harvest methods." Smith is also constantly growing new and improved apple
varieties. If climate conditions are not enough to overcome, another challenge
to Smith's endeavors is hidden in the forests bordering his large farm: deer. He
has experimented with a variety of deterrents- including processed human waste,
dryer sheets, after shave lotion and soap - to keep deer away from the trees.
"Nothing stops them 100 percent," he said.

As part of their research, Smith and University of Delaware staff will gather
and analyze data, maintain detailed reports, conduct field days, hold workshops
and share information with other growers.

For more information, contact Greer Stangl at gorger@gmail.com

"OUR CUSTOMERS LOVED THE IDEA OF GETTING LOCAL STRAWBERRIES OUT OF SEASON."

-CHARLIE SMITH

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette

                              448 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2013

First State cherries, anyone?;
Sussex County farm research projects could bear new fruit

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 685  words


Research and experiments on a farm near Bridgeville could have far-reaching
effects on the future of fruit production in the state.

T.S. Smith & Sons, a fourth-generation farm known for its apples and peaches, is
testing fruit varieties not typically grown on Delmarva: cherries, figs, quince,
pomegranates, pears, paw paws and three-season strawberries.

Sussex County farmers and cooperative extension staff toured the farm Aug. 21,
led by Charlie Smith, owner and grower, and Gordon Johnson, University of
Delaware Cooperative Extension fruit and vegetable specialist.

Smith said the goal of the project is to offer local farmers options to expand
their markets and at the same time establish a broader market for local fruit.

The farm has combined its own resources with a USDA Specialty Block Grant from
the U.S. Farm Bill in collaboration with the University of Delaware and the
Delaware Department of Education for a multiyear study on alternative fruits.

Strawberries and cherries

Smith's first crop of California strawberries produced 2,000 pounds of fruit
this past June. Johnson said he hopes farmers will be able to grow strawberries
from April to early December, far past the traditional mid-June time local
berries are available. That will take a lot of work because the 6-acre field
will need to be covered once the temperature is consistently in the 84-86 degree
range, Johnson said.

Next summer, they plan to experiment with four colors of shade mesh for the
plastic-culture strawberries. Johnson thinks traditional white mesh will
probably turn out best suited, but red, silver and gray will also be tried.
During the farm tour, Johnson demonstrated the ease of putting the innovative
frame and mesh system together to allow for easy access for picking.

Johnson said the disease-resistant Albion and San Andreas strawberries are well
suited to California conditions, and time will tell how they fare in Sussex
County. Johnson said they are working on a variety specifically for the southern
Delaware area.

"Our customers loved the idea of getting local strawberries out of season,"
Smith said.

Smith has also invested resources and time to grow an orchard of cherry trees;
he expects the first crop next spring.

Considered a specialty of the Pacific Northwest and Michigan, cherries are not
grown in many other places in the country, especially not in humid areas like
Delaware. However, that doesn't deter Smith's enthusiasm to grow several
varieties of cherries on his farm. He plans to pollinate the trees using bees
early next spring.

Once again, it will not come without a lot of labor. Because cherries will crack
when exposed to rain and humidity - not to mention that birds love them Smith
has built metal tunnels covered with plastic and netting to keep out excess
moisture and birds. Smith is also using a system of weights, poles and plastic
wiring to spread the branches of his two-year-old dwarf cherry trees. He will
also do intensive pruning of the trees after the first fruit-bearing season.

Johnson and Smith said there is also a potential market for figs in southern
Delaware.

The farm has eight varieties of figs planted amid the apple orchards.

"Fresh figs is the way to go; even California is transferring to fresh figs,"
Johnson said. "They have to be harvested very carefully; we are researching
post-harvest methods." Smith is also constantly growing new and improved apple
varieties. If climate conditions are not enough to overcome, another challenge
to Smith's endeavors is hidden in the forests bordering his large farm: deer. He
has experimented with a variety of deterrents including processed human waste,
dryer sheets, after shave lotion and soap to keep deer away from the trees.
"Nothing stops them 100 percent," he said.

As part of their research, Smith and University of Delaware staff will gather
and analyze data, maintain detailed reports, conduct field days, hold workshops
and share information with other growers.

For more information, contact Greer Stangl at gorger@gmail. com.

"OUR CUSTOMERS LOVED THE IDEA OF GETTING LOCAL STRAWBERRIES OUT OF SEASON."
-CHARLIE SMITH

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette

                              449 of 814 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2012 The Seattle University Law Review
                         Seattle University Law Review

                                  Summer, 2012

                         Seattle University Law Review

                           38 Seattle U. L. Rev. 1271

LENGTH: 10323 words

ARTICLE: The 2014 Farm Bill: Farm Subsidies and Food Oppression

NAME: Andrea Freeman *

BIO:


* Assistant Professor of Law, University of Hawai'i William S. Richardson School
of Law. I am very grateful to the participants and organizers of Harvard Law
School's Just Food? Forum on Justice in the Food System, especially Emily Broad
Leib, and the Seattle University Law Review symposium, Re-Tooling Food Law. Many
thanks to Justin Marceau for his helpful comments on an earlier draft, and to
Angela P. Harris, Joy Milligan, and Nathan Rosenberg for their important work on
racial discrimination against farmers. I am also indebted to Fern Ann Grether
for her excellent, thoughtful, patient, and persistent research assistance.

 TEXT:
 [*1271]  I. INTRODUCTION

   The 2014 Farm Bill ushered in some significant and surprising changes. One of
these was that it rendered the identity of all the recipients of farm subsidies
secret. Representative Larry Combest, who is now a lobbyist for agribusiness,
first introduced a secrecy provision into the bill in 2000.  n1 The provision,
however, only applied to subsidies made in the form of crop insurance.  n2 Until
2014, the majority of subsidies were direct payments and the identity of the
people who received them was public information. In fact, the Environmental
Working Group's release of the list of recipients led to a series of scandals
because it featured celebrities Bruce Springsteen and Jimmy Carter, members of
the House and Senate,  n3 and a considerable number of billionaires, including
founders of high-profile companies such as Microsoft and Charles Schwab.  n4
[*1272]  The resulting outcry against the corruption represented by these
payments  n5 increased support for the elimination of direct payments. The Bill
consequently replaced these payments with two new crop insurance programs,
thereby extinguishing public access to the list of farm subsidy recipients.  n6
This move was particularly disturbing in an era where transparency in the food
system is commonly viewed as desirable and even necessary.  n7

   Another dramatic aspect of the Bill was that it cut $ 8 billion from the food
stamp program, affecting approximately 1.7 million people. What it did not do,
however, is alter the allocation of agricultural subsidies that has been in
place since the Bill's first incarnation in 1933. This is surprising in light of
evolving medical insights into nutrition and shifting national health
priorities. This resistance to change suggests that health and nutrition are not
driving the Farm Bill. Instead, it appears that large agribusiness has succeeded
in capturing the majority of resources allocated to farm support. Although farm
subsidies comprise only 14% of the Farm Bill,  n8 they are highly controversial
because, not only do they determine which agricultural industries are likely to
thrive and survive, they guide the nation's consumption patterns. The health of
farmers and individuals are therefore both at stake in each Farm Bill.

   Corn, wheat, and soy receive the highest percentage of farm subsidies.  n9
Additionally, the Farm Bill provides support for the milk and dairy  [*1273]
industries.  n10 As a result, the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA), the agency that administers the Bill, has a significant stake in selling
these foods to consumers, often through secondary markets, such as soft drinks
and other beverages sweetened with high fructose corn syrup, and processed,
packaged foods containing high levels of fats derived from soybeans. The USDA's
investment in the success of these markets conflicts, however, with its mandate
to promote health and nutrition.

   The USDA and the Department of Health and Human Services publish the federal
Dietary Guidelines every five years.  n11 They advise individuals to consume
several servings of fruits and vegetables daily, and to eat a diet rich in whole
grains.  n12 Nonetheless, the Farm Bill provides only minimal support for these
healthy foods. Consequently, the USDA, in order to meet its mandate to support
subsidized agricultural industries, primarily promotes non-nutritious foods.
n13 The Farm Bill and the demands it makes on the USDA thus make it extremely
difficult for most people to eat in accordance with the national nutritional
recommendations.

   The USDA's responsibility to support subsidized commodities also appears to
influence policies related to the nutrition programs that the agency
administers, including the Child Nutrition Program (school lunchrooms),
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance to Women and Children (WIC), and the food
stamp program (the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP).  n14 For
example, school meals contain a significant amount of processed foods and very
few fresh fruits and vegetables,  [*1274]  despite a growing movement to
introduce gardening and farming curricula into schools.  n15 Even at public
schools where children produce their own organic harvest, regulations prevent
lunchrooms from feeding children the products of their labor.  n16 Instead,
public schools dispense tater tots and corn dogs.  n17 Similarly, WIC
distributes processed foods to women and children in need, including infant
formula, the primary ingredient of which is one of two subsidized
commodities--milk or soy.  n18 Participants in the WIC program breastfeed at
lower rates than other women.  n19 These low breastfeeding rates are linked to a
host of health problems for mothers and infants.  n20 Additionally, SNAP allows
participants to spend money on unhealthy foods that contain subsidized
commodities, but not on necessary items such as toilet paper.  n21

   Agribusinesses' influence over the Farm Bill thus appears not only to
contribute to poor health outcomes in the United States generally,  n22 but also
to cause disproportionate harm to individuals that participate in federal
nutrition programs. All WIC and SNAP recipients are impoverished, as they must
meet low-income eligibility requirements to qualify for these programs. Also,
although students across a range of incomes eat meals at school, the detrimental
effects of corporate influence fall heaviest on poor children. Students who eat
school-provided meals receive up  [*1275]  to 50% of their daily calories from
them.  n23 For poor children, these calories are likely to be the day's most
nutritious ones, because of a lack of access to healthy food in low-income
neighborhoods. Additionally, structural factors, such as the need to work
multiple jobs and limited means of transportation, prevent parents from
travelling to other areas to shop or eat out. The USDA's use of government
programs to increase consumption of subsidized commodities thus negatively
affects low-income individuals, particularly children, while having minimal, if
any, impact on people in higher income brackets.

   Race, in addition to class, plays a part in the disproportionate harm to
health of the USDA's policies. Racialized groups, particularly blacks, are
disproportionately represented in the nutrition programs.  n24 Low-income blacks
and members of other racially marginalized communities also tend to live in
neighborhoods dominated by fast food restaurants. These establishments can sell
unhealthy food at low cost in great part due to farm subsidies.  n25 Cheap
prices and lack of alternatives often make fast food the only choice.
Unfortunately, members of these communities experience higher rates of
nutrition-related deaths and diseases, such as diabetes, high blood pressure,
heart disease, and cancer.  n26 Unhealthy diets contribute to these health
disparities, alongside other factors such as  [*1276]  inadequate recreational
opportunities,  n27 insufficient or no health insurance,  n28 and racial
disparities in treatment by health providers.  n29

   To deconstruct the racial and socioeconomic harms of subsidized commodities,
it is useful to analyze farm subsidies using the lens of food oppression theory.
Food oppression theory examines how facially neutral food policy and law can
physically debilitate members of marginalized and subordinated groups, creating
and perpetuating racial and socioeconomic health disparities. Food oppression
theory considers how corporate influence can lead to policy that prioritizes
industry over health. Further, it explores how racial stereotypes and myths
about personal responsibility create apathy toward health disparities, making
them appear natural and irremediable, rather than products of structural
inequalities that law and policy have created and thus have the potential to
dismantle.

   Employing a food oppression lens, I begin by providing a brief history of
farm subsidies and describing how these subsidies affect health and consumption
patterns. I then apply the elements of food oppression to the practice of
subsidizing agricultural commodities. Next, I assess whether new aspects of the
2014 Farm Bill serve to improve health outcomes, both generally and across
racial and socioeconomic lines. Finally, I briefly discuss proposals that would
represent progress toward mitigating or eliminating both the general and
disparate harms of subsidized commodities.

    [*1277]  II. HISTORY AND HEALTH EFFECTS OF FARM SUBSIDIES

   Congress enacted the first Farm Bill, the Agricultural Act of 1933, in
response to agricultural distress brought on by the Great Depression.  n30
Initially, the dual goals of the Act were to provide financial support to
farmers and nutritious food to an ailing population.  n31 Subsidies in the 1933
Agricultural Act went primarily to farmers of corn, wheat, soy, rice, and
cotton. The selection of these particular commodities led to a racially
imbalanced distribution of subsidies, with 98% of the financial support
allocated in the Bill going to white farmers.  n32 In this regard, the Farm
Bills are part of a larger pattern of discrimination against black and Latino
farmers that has persisted from 1933 to the present.  n33

   After World War II, hunger and malnutrition, especially among children, were
the most salient public health issues.  n34 Accordingly, Farm Bills following
World War II emphasized rural development, national security, and hunger
prevention nationally and internationally.  n35 Based on medical research
published at the beginning of the century, federal food policy encouraged
farmers to grow commodity crops that would provide growing children with
essential fats and sugars after being processed into convenience foods.  n36 The
USDA correspondingly continued  [*1278]  to offer the most support to growers of
corn, wheat, and soy, and farmers strove to "farm[] to the bill the way teachers
teach to a test."  n37 Subsidies thus ensured that foods high in fat and sugar
became affordable for and accessible to impoverished communities, setting in
motion government and individual preferences for consumption of these foods,
even after the country's foremost nutritional problem shifted from hunger to
obesity.

   National attention to the obesity problem originated in a Life Magazine
story, published in 1954. The article, entitled "The Plague of Overweight,"
began with the sentence: "The most serious health problem in the U.S. today is
obesity."  n38 Despite this bold and prescient pronouncement, obesity did not
become an urgent public health issue until late in the twentieth century.  n39
In 1990, doctors classified approximately 15% of the United States population as
obese.  n40 By 2010, over one in three, 36% of American adults, received obesity
diagnoses, and medical professionals labeled 69% of American adults as
overweight.  n41

   Some diagnoses were particularly disturbing. For example, in 2014, doctors
labeled 82% of black women and 77.2% of Latinas obese, compared to 63.2% of
white women.  n42 These racial disparities in obesity diagnoses evoked both
concern and criticism.  n43 Similarly, the rise in obesity diagnoses in children
caused great alarm, as research linked childhood  [*1279]  obesity to a host of
health problems in children and adults, including diabetes, high blood pressure,
heart disease, and cancer.  n44 Generally, leading up to and during the
prolonged period of debate over the 2014 Farm Bill,  n45 obesity held the
prominent place in national discussions of health, and became the center of a
national health campaign spearheaded by First Lady Michelle Obama.  n46

   Additionally, in 2013, poor diet was one of the greatest causes of death in
the United States, responsible for 17% of deaths, behind only cigarettes at 18%.
n47 Nonetheless, regardless of the consequent health problems, farm subsidies
continue to support the same foods that they have since 1933, when the
government sought to promote weight gain by facilitating the highest intake of
calories possible. Farmers of corn, wheat, soy, rice, and cotton continue to
receive the greatest percentage of  [*1280]  farm subsidies.  n48 Therefore, in
the modern era, instead of solving our most pressing public health issues, farm
subsidies exacerbate them.

A. Corn

   The evolution of corn production illustrates how subsidies cause harm to
health by contributing to obesity and food-related mortality. Farmers initially
grew corn--which receives the greatest amount of support in the Farm Bill  n49
--for people to eat as a vegetable. The availability of agricultural subsidies
for corn growers, however, fueled an exponential increase in corn planting, and
supply quickly exceeded demand. Ironically, the agricultural techniques that
allow for higher yields of corn crops render much of the harvest unpalatable for
human consumption, requiring conversion of corn into something other than pure
food.  n50 Farmers therefore sell their corn to meat producers as animal feed,
to gas consumers in the form of ethanol,  n51 or to producers of sweetened
beverages in the form of high fructose corn syrup. A decline in meat production
in 2014 significantly reduced the demand for animal feed, however, leading the
USDA to focus most of its efforts to sell surplus corn on producers of high
fructose corn syrup.  n52 These efforts further invest the USDA in promoting the
products that contain this sweetener, primarily soft, sports, and energy drinks,
and processed foods.  n53 The USDA thus holds an increasingly significant stake
in these secondary markets.

B. Soy

   Soybean subsidies similarly invest the USDA in the sale of unhealthy foods.
Although consuming soy in the form of (ideally organic) tempeh, miso, tofu,
edamame, or soymilk appears to promote health, eating processed forms of soy,
including soy protein isolates and texturized vegetable proteins, contributes to
poor health outcomes.  n54 Additionally,  [*1281]  food manufacturers convert
soybeans into a variety of fats and oils, including partially hydrogenated oils,
also known as trans fats.  n55 Although the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
may classify trans fats as unsafe for human consumption in 2016,  n56 this
development occurs almost twenty years after medical research first revealed
significant links between trans fats and deaths from heart disease.  n57 Perhaps
in part due to the need to sell surplus soy in the form of trans fats, the FDA
did not ban them during this twenty-year period, and the USDA continued to
provide food products containing trans fats to students in school lunchrooms and
to other recipients of federal nutrition assistance.

C. Fruits and Vegetables

   Of all foods, fresh fruits and vegetables, which are rich in vitamins and
minerals, provide the greatest health benefits. Nonetheless, no Farm Bill has
directly subsidized their growth. In contrast, some previous Farm Bills
penalized farmers who grew fruits and vegetables on land that qualified for
subsidies.  n58 Consequently, the price of fruits and vegetables has increased
significantly over time, while the price of subsidized foods and their secondary
products has steadily decreased. For example, between 1985 and 2000, the price
of soft drinks fell 18%, the price of fats and oils fell 13%, the price of sugar
and sweets fell 9%, the price of poultry fell 4%, the price of red meat fell 3%,
and the price of dairy products decreased by 1%.  n59 Over the same years, the
price of all fruits and vegetables  [*1282]  rose approximately 20% and the
price of fresh vegetables increased approximately 40%.  n60

   Price appears to correlate to consumption. From 1997 to 2007, consumption of
fruits and vegetables declined,  n61 while the demand for fats, oils, and
sweeteners increased.  n62 Consumption of corn products, in particular, rose
dramatically. Since 1970, daily calories from corn sweetener have increased by
359%.  n63 These consumption patterns, in turn, lead to poor health outcomes,
evident in rising incidences of food-related health conditions and mortality
rates.  n64 Fortunately, these trends are not inevitable or irreversible. On the
contrary, research shows that relatively minor increases in the intake of fruits
and vegetables--just two servings a day--and a switch from "regular" to whole
grains, would significantly reduce the risk of major illnesses such as cancers,
heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, and Alzheimer's, in addition to
mortality.  n65

   Under the current agricultural subsidy system, however, increasing the daily
intake of fruits and vegetables grown on American soil is not possible. The
United States does not currently have the agricultural capacity to provide each
individual with enough servings of fruits and vegetables to meet the federal
Dietary Guidelines' recommendations. In order to increase supply to meet this
demand, farmers would need to devote thirteen million more acres to fruits and
vegetables, which they are unlikely to do absent subsidies.  n66 Fruit intake
would have to increase by  [*1283]  132%, requiring over four million more acres
of harvest, and vegetable intake would need to rise 31%, necessitating almost
nine million more harvest acres.  n67 New priorities in farm support are
therefore necessary to create and maintain an agricultural program that both
assists vital segments of the agricultural industry and improves health
outcomes.

   The following Part considers how the present system, in addition to fomenting
poor health generally, contributes to and exacerbates health disparities.

   III. FARM SUBSIDIES AND FOOD OPPRESSION

   The policy choice to support foods high in calories and low in nutritional
value, and the resulting injuries to health, affects all Americans,  n68 but it
causes disproportionate harm to communities that experience marginalization or
subordination along race and class lines. This disproportionate harm is an
indication that farm subsidies may be an example of food oppression. Food
oppression has five elements: (1) facially neutral food-related law, policy, or
action; (2) disproportionately harmful impact of this law, policy, or action on
the health of a socially marginalized group or groups; (3) health disparities in
food-related conditions between these groups and the dominant one or ones; (4)
corporate/industry influence over the government that causes or contributes to
the enactment or continuation of the law, policy, or action; and (5) the
existence of cultural values and racial stereotypes that make health disparities
appear natural and frustrate efforts to institute structural reform.  n69

   Farm subsidies, as incorporated into the Farm Bill, are facially neutral in
terms of race, class, and other social categories. According to the text of the
law and regulations, the allocation of subsidies depends on the type and amount
of harvest produced. In reality, however, these factors serve as proxies for
race and wealth. For example, prioritizing corn, wheat, and soy grown on large
farms run by agribusiness has led to almost 95% of farm subsidies going to white
farmers.  n70 There is also a class imbalance in subsidy distribution. The
richest 10% of corporate  [*1284]  farmers get 75% of the subsidies, in annual
amounts in the hundreds of thousands of dollars, while 80% of recipients--the
owners of small farms--only receive five thousand dollars a year.  n71
Nonetheless, because the Bill distinguishes only by commodity and acreage,
making no explicit mention of race or class, it satisfies the first element of
food oppression by being facially neutral.

   The second element, disproportionate harm to the health of members of
marginalized communities, requires an examination of how a facially neutral law
or policy can affect communities differently depending on their social position.
As discussed above, farm subsidies have a disparate impact on individuals and
groups that experience poverty and racial othering. First, in terms of simple
economics, federal food policy ensures that the foods that receive the most
subsidies are relatively inexpensive. These foods therefore represent the most
prudent food selections for low-income individuals. For example, corn subsidies
make sweetened beverages such as sodas, sports drinks like Gatorade, and energy
drinks cheaper than healthy drinks, including juice, coconut water, and bottled
water. Consequently, a person can stretch a dollar further by quenching her
thirst with Coke instead of water. The low cost of these drinks also ensures
their ubiquity in corner stores, fast food restaurants, and places of
entertainment, because they provide a high profit margin for vendors.

   Second, as described above, the USDA's need to promote the sale of subsidized
commodities through secondary markets leads it to use federal nutrition programs
to increase those markets.  n72 For example, individuals can use food stamps to
buy soda but not necessities such as soap or diapers.  n73 Also, high fructose
corn syrup and additives such as soy lecithin are present in many foods served
in public school cafeterias.  n74 Further, the government's need to promote corn
products influences public schools' choices to allow vending machines containing
[*1285]  sweetened beverages on school grounds, even when the same schools ban
these drinks from their cafeterias.  n75

   In the evenings, when residents of low-income urban communities eat out, they
usually have only fast food restaurants within walking distance and no time or
means of transportation to venture to neighborhoods with healthier dining
options.  n76 The cost of fast food is artificially low in part because it
contains most of the subsidized commodities: corn (primarily in the form of
sweeteners), soybeans (in oils), wheat, meat, and dairy.  n77 Therefore, for
residents of low-income neighborhoods, fast food is the most frugal, even if not
always the only, choice.

   Fast food companies such as McDonalds also woo black and Latino customers
through racially targeted websites and other race-specific marketing techniques.
n78 For example, McDonald's reconfigures their seating arrangements to
accommodate larger families in Latino neighborhoods and features menu items such
as tacos and burritos designed to appeal to Latinos.  n79 From a consumer
perspective, blacks, Latinos, and other individuals who experience the daily
effects of racism often enjoy eating in fast food restaurants due to their
egalitarian nature.  n80 In these environments, with posted prices and
seat-yourself dining arrangements, there are fewer opportunities for racial
indignities to insert themselves into the dining-out experience.  n81

   Residents of low-income communities also face few options when shopping for
food to make meals at home. Grocery stores selling healthier foods generally
flee low-income areas.  n82 The stores that remain in these  [*1286]
neighborhoods stock their shelves with items high in subsidized commodities,
both because they are cheaper and because they often contain harmful
preservatives that allow for longer shelf lives.  n83 These stores raise their
profit margins even higher by imposing a "ghetto tax" on consumers who cannot
afford to shop elsewhere, exploiting the absence of supermarkets in economically
depressed neighborhoods.  n84 Farm subsidies thus determine what food is
available to poor people from local stores and restaurants and at their public
schools, contributing to a diet extremely high in unhealthy, processed foods,
while others have access to and can afford both unhealthy and healthy foods.
n85

   Farm subsidies appear to cause the most harm to individuals who experience
marginalization across several axes of their intersectional identities,
including race, class, gender, sexual orientation, and disability.  n86 For
example, blacks are disproportionately represented in all of the federal
nutrition programs and among the poor  n87 due to racial discrimination that
began with slavery and continues to manifest itself in almost every area of
life, including employment, housing, education, and the criminal justice system.
n88

   Similarly, residents of Puerto Rico and Hawaii, two islands that experienced
forms of colonization by the United States, have diets heavy in  [*1287]
subsidized commodities. On both of these islands, colonization led to a
dismantling of traditional agricultural methods and priorities, and a transition
to eating habits associated with the destruction of culture that accompanies
attempts at assimilation of indigenous peoples.  n89 On these previously
sovereign island nations, the United States has sought to replace traditional
foods with an American diet imported from the "mainland."  n90 Additionally, the
Farm Bill does not subsidize the growth of traditional foods, such as kalo
(taro) in Hawai'i. Colonization has also led to the proliferation of American
fast food establishments on the islands.  n91 The disproportionate harm caused
to members of marginalized communities by farm subsidies satisfies the second
element of food oppression.

   The third element, health disparities in food-related illnesses and deaths,
is easily met. For example, blacks, Latinos, Native Americans/ Indians, and
Pacific Islanders all suffer from greater incidences than whites of type 2
diabetes.  n92 Blacks experience high blood pressure, heart disease, and cancer
at much higher rates than whites.  n93 Health disparities also exist between
Native Hawaiians and non-Hawaiian residents of the islands in almost every
category of food-related illness.  n94 Additionally,  [*1288]  there are health
disparities along class lines in rates of diabetes and related complications,
obesity, high blood pressure, and cancers.  n95 Gender is also a factor in
health disparities.  n96 These racial, socioeconomic, and gender health
disparities fulfill the third requirement of food oppression.

   Corporate influence over food policy, the fourth element of food oppression,
results from campaign contributions to politicians, money spent on lobbying
efforts, and a revolving door between positions held by people in the food,
agricultural, and insurance industries, and in the administration. Corporations
and individuals in the agricultural sector gave $ 93 million to politicians
during the 2012 presidential campaign.  n97 Later, in 2013, as debate
surrounding the Farm Bill intensified,  n98 325 companies and organizations
registered as lobbyists associated with the Senate's Farm Bill, representing the
fifth largest group of lobbyists working on any legislation.  n99 The same year,
agribusiness spent $ 111.5 million on lobbying, more than the defense industry
and the labor unions spent on any of their lobbying efforts.  n100 It appears
that these contributions and lobbying efforts were successful. After the 2014
Farm Bill passed, agricultural companies continued to receive the bulk of farm
subsidies.  n101 Moreover, the transparency that previously helped to keep
imbalances and corruption in check became impossible under the secrecy
provisions.

   Agribusiness was not the only industry to gain from political expenditures on
the Farm Bill. Insurance companies that cover farming enterprises also devoted
considerable resources to campaign contributions  [*1289]  and lobbying in the
lead-up to the 2014 Farm Bill.  n102 The outcome of these efforts was that all
farm subsidies now go through insurance companies.  n103 This system results in
considerable profits for these corporations.  n104 For example, for every dollar
that went to farmers in crop insurance between 2005 and 2009, insurance
companies got $ 1.44.  n105 Also, in 2011, agricultural insurance companies
received $ 1.3 billion for administrative expenses.  n106 The extent to which
corporate interests drive the content of the Farm Bill satisfies the fourth
element of food oppression.

   The fifth element, the existence of social and cultural values in addition to
racial stereotypes that obscure the structural harms inflicted by farm
subsidies, is also present. Popular paradigms of personal responsibility,
including healthism, biomedical individualism, and dispositionism, deflect
attention away from the structural and situational factors that lead to poor
health, placing fault squarely on individuals. Both healthism and biomedical
individualism identify health outcomes as the product of an individual's good or
bad choices, which, in turn, reflect the deeper nature of that person's
character. For example, under the healthism framework, a person who is fat is a
bad person because his girth is an outer manifestation of his laziness,
stupidity, and lack of will power.  n107

   Similarly, under the biomedical individualism paradigm, a person who is sick
deserves to be ill because she brought the disease upon herself through
irresponsible behavior.  n108 Accordingly, there is little incentive for the
state to intervene to heal the ill, first because it is wrong to  [*1290]  spend
the money of good (skinny, healthy) taxpayers to correct the mistakes and
weaknesses of (fat, sick) would-be freeloaders. Second, government intervention
would be futile because the freeloaders, not having suffered the consequences of
their bad choices by paying to correct them, would simply make these choices
again and repeat this cycle endlessly. These frameworks persist as the
prevailing attitudes toward health, despite ardent critiques that they ignore
social and structural determinants of health.  n109

   Similarly, most people attribute choices that affect health to individual
characteristics when they are, instead, almost entirely determined by external
circumstances. Specifically, dispositionism is "the tendency to exaggerate the
role of disposition, personality, or choice and to underappreciate the role of
situation, environment and context in accounting for human behavior."  n110 In
the food context, research reveals that food selection and even the visceral
experience of hunger arise from food's availability, size, and messaging, not
rational thought or physical cues.  n111 With these insights in mind,
corporations employ tactics to encourage maximum consumption of their products
that include wafting music into restaurants; appealing to patriotism by
self-servingly defining the ideal American meal; portraying eating in fast food
restaurants as quality family time; super sizing portions; and placing their
products widely.  n112 Consumers are highly susceptible to these strategies.
Nonetheless, in the selfinterest of preserving a belief in individual autonomy,
they consider themselves solely responsible for their choices. This stubborn
belief in the capacity to resist corporate manipulation leads to the rejection
of regulation, even when market freedom has serious health consequences.

   Similarly, racialized portrayals of recipients of government assistance
undermine the urgency of the need for structural reform of food  [*1291]
policy. For example, the image of the "welfare queen" has come to represent all
government benefit recipients.  n113 A welfare queen is a constructed identity
with many components: a (1) black (2) poor (3) woman who is (4) not married, (5)
has a child or children, and (6) takes money from the government.  n114 As
political scientist Ange-Marie Hancock explains, these multiple identities
contain several coded messages about welfare queens specifically and welfare
recipients generally, including their status as moral degenerates, deviants, and
human debits to society.  n115 Allowing this image to stand in, falsely, for the
real identities of the recipients of public benefits, such as the federal
nutrition programs, creates a "politics of disgust" that discourages efforts to
improve the health of society's most marginalized citizens.  n116 Traditional
stereotypes of blacks as lazy and unintelligent  n117 also feed into an
understanding of health as a manifestation of culture, not structural
conditions. Both popular values and racialized beliefs therefore drive attitudes
toward health disparities.

   With all five of the elements of food oppression satisfied, it is clear that
farm subsidies are an example of food oppression: a facially neutral policy that
disproportionately harms marginalized communities by creating and perpetuating
health disparities along race and class lines.

   IV. THE 2014 FARM BILL

   Two aspects of the 2014 Farm Bill garnered the most attention from supporters
and critics: the elimination of transparency regarding farm subsidy recipients,
and cuts to the food stamp program.  n118 Additionally, a  [*1292]  central
debate surrounding the Bill was whether replacing the previous system of direct
payments to farmers with new crop insurance programs would reduce the potential
for corruption and save taxpayers money, as advocates of the change claim.  n119
Either way, the new subsidization method does not appear to have a significant
impact on health, as it keeps the previous allocation of subsidies largely
intact. However, reduced funding to SNAP and other, much more minor aspects of
the bill do have some health effects.

   Financial assistance to farmers through the Farm Bill takes many forms,
including crop insurance, loans, disaster relief, conservation programs, and the
former direct commodities payments.  n120 Countercyclical programs provide a
safety net to farmers when prices drop below seasonal market price target levels
set in the Farm Bill.  n121 To qualify for these types of payments, farms must
plant at least ten "base acres."  n122 A base acre represents the average acres
of commodity crops that a participating farm historically planted.  n123 This
substantial acreage requirement, in addition to the particular crops selected to
receive these payments, ensures that the majority of subsidies go to large
farms, run primarily by agribusiness.  n124 Under the 2008 Farm Bill, 44.6% of
the agricultural subsidies  [*1293]  went to corn growers, followed by 24% for
wheat, 14% for soybeans, 9% for rice, 4.2% for grain sorghum, and the remaining
3.9% for every other crop combined.  n125

   The 2014 Farm Bill eliminates direct payments and replaces them with two new
crop insurance programs.  n126 Under this new regime, farmers can select either
Agricultural Risk Coverage or Price Loss Coverage to protect their harvest.
n127 Agricultural Risk Coverage guarantees a pre-determined revenue for the sale
of all covered commodities combined.  n128 Under Price Loss Coverage, the
government pays farmers the difference between a commodity's pre-selected
"reference price" and the actual market price if the market price falls below
the reference price.  n129 The Bill also provides new forms of support for the
meat and dairy industries that affect the structure, but not the degree, of
their subsidization.  n130 Several alleged benefits of the new crop insurance
programs are controversial. For example, the actual cost of these new programs
depends on the future price of commodities and is consequently in no way
certain. In fact, many experts predict that the new programs will cost the same
as or more than direct payments.  n131

[*1294]  From a health perspective, the most important change introduced by the
Bill is the reduction of funding for food stamps provided by the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).  n132 The 2014 Farm Bill cut over $ 8
billion from SNAP.  n133 These cuts affected approximately 1.7 million people
across fifteen states, with participants losing an average of $ 90 per month in
benefits.  n134 This loss is particularly significant because food stamps
already do not, by design, cover monthly food expenses.  n135 By forcing
families and individuals to stretch benefits even further than before, these
cuts compel the poor to spend a higher percentage of their food budget on
subsidized processed and junk foods, increasing their risk of suffering from
related health conditions.  n136 The reduction in benefits may also drive
low-income families into cycles of debt that will entrench them further in
poverty and increase their vulnerability to health disparities associated with
socioeconomic class.  n137 More specifically, health experts anticipate that
these cuts will lead to disease-related complications for diabetics, and a
retardation of child and adolescent development.  n138 They also foresee an
increase in food insecurity that will tax the capacity of soup kitchens and
other service providers to the poor.  n139

   On the brighter side, the 2014 Farm Bill does contain some new provisions
intended to increase access to healthy foods, both in federal nutrition programs
and more generally. Several of these new provisions directly affect SNAP
recipients. For example, one new provision allows farmers markets, community
supported agriculture programs, and online retailers to accept food stamps.
n140 Another provides funding for the Healthy Incentives Program Pilot, which
motivates SNAP participants to purchase fruits and vegetables by matching
dollars spent on them, resulting  [*1295]  in an increase in benefits for
individuals who select these healthier foods.  n141 The Food Insecurity
Nutrition Incentive also puts aside grant money for other fruit and vegetable
incentive programs.  n142 Additionally, the Bill implements a minor increase in
requirements for SNAP retailers--including small corner stores--to increase
their offerings of healthy foods to SNAP participants.  n143 The Bill expands
the SNAP Education program to allow participants to use funds for physical
activity.  n144 Finally, perhaps to counter in part the effects of the cuts to
SNAP, the Bill increases funding for The Emergency Food Assistance Program
(TEFAP).  n145

   In schools, the Bill funds a pilot program that introduces beans and lentils
into school lunches.  n146 It also increases access to tribal, kosher, and halal
meals for school children and TEFAP recipients.  n147 For farmers, the Bill
marginally increases funding for a block grant program for specialty crops
--which include fruits and vegetables--and for research and support for
specialty crop farmers. These provisions fall short of subsidizing fruits and
vegetables, but represent a slightly increased level of support for farmers who
grow them.  n148 The Bill also offers some small benefits to organic farmers.
n149 Additionally, it launches a new microlending program for farmers and
ranchers, including ones who qualify as  [*1296]  socially disadvantaged.  n150
This program may signal an attempt to reverse the long history of racial
discrimination against minority farmers. To benefit communities, the Bill
expands funding for the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program;
Community Food Projects, including urban agriculture and access to healthy food
in underserved communities; and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which
provides grants and loans to healthy food retail outlets.  n151

   Despite all of these encouraging aspects of the 2014 Farm Bill, however, the
Bill makes no fundamental changes to the basic structure and priorities of
agricultural subsidies. The Bill also harms thousands of families in need
through its cuts to the SNAP program. Therefore, it has an overall detrimental
effect on health that exacerbates existing health disparities and fails to
reverse or mitigate the oppression that arises from farm subsidies.

   V. CONCLUSION: LOOKING AHEAD

   There is no easy or obvious solution to the problem of health disparities
that arise in part from farm subsidies, largely because of the complexity of the
issues involved. Poverty, for example, is one of the most important factors
contributing to health disparities. Poverty is also foundational to the
capitalist system upon which American society is based. Therefore, absent the
dismantling of this system and its replacement with another societal model,
health disparities will likely persist. Similarly, racism is entrenched in both
the history and present structure of the United States so deeply that it may be
impossible to eliminate it from common understandings of how American society
does and should operate.

   Nonetheless, it is possible that incremental steps toward a food policy
framework designed to improve health outcomes and reduce health disparities
could bring about some positive change. For example, the administrative
structure of the USDA is partially responsible for the agency's lack of
commitment to health-related objectives. Problematically, the USDA is a federal
agency tasked with conflicting mandates.  n152 One of its primary tasks is to
protect the agricultural sector, which it does by providing support for
subsidized commodities and their secondary  [*1297]  markets. At the same time,
it is responsible for promoting health and nutrition through the federal Dietary
Guidelines. Unfortunately, under the present farm subsidy system, these two
mandates appear to be irreconcilable. Therefore, the simple act of removing
these conflicting tasks from the agency's purview could result in clearer policy
decisions. Until now, agricultural subsidies have clearly triumphed over health
in the USDA's priorities. If, however, another agency became entirely
responsible for health, perhaps the resulting interagency battles would result
in more victories for health-motivated food policy choices.

   Of all the potential pathways to eliminating food oppression arising from
farm subsidies, the most likely to succeed is a reduction of corporate influence
on food policy. Corporate influence over government decision-making, however,
appears to be gaining, not losing, strength, as evidenced by the Supreme Court
decision in Citizens United and its progeny.  n153

   Eliminating subsidies altogether would have an interesting, if unpredictable,
effect on this problem. It is unclear how the market would drive food
preferences in the absence of subsidies. At the very least, however, future Farm
Bills should remove the secrecy shrouding subsidy recipients to make
accountability more likely. Fruit and vegetable growers should receive subsidies
designed to increase production to the point where American farmers can provide
them at the levels recommended by the federal Dietary Guidelines. These
guidelines should also be free from corporate influence. Food stamp benefits
should reflect need, not satisfy demands for spending cuts, and should therefore
increase, not decrease, until structural reforms designed to reduce poverty and
racism are in place. Lastly, at the very least, the government should provide
public school students with nutritious meals designed to help counter challenges
to healthy eating they might encounter beyond the school day.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionPublic Health &
Welfare LawFood & NutritionFood Stamp ProgramGeneral OverviewPublic Health &
Welfare LawFood & NutritionNutrition Programs for Children

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret,
SUNLIGHT FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://sunlightfoundation.com/blog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep-
crop-subsidies-secret/.





n2  See 7 U.S.C. § 1502(c)(4)(B) (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 1502(c)(1)(2014).





n3  These include U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher, who collected nearly $ 3.5 million
in subsidies 1999-2012, and Iowa Senator Joni Ernst. Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy
Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y. TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_r=0;, Luke Brinker, Joni Ernst's Family Received Nearly Half a
Million Dollars in Federal Farm Subsidies, SALON (Jan. 22, 2015),
http://www.salon.com/2015/01/22/joni_ernsts_family_received_nearly_half_a_millio
n_dollars_in_federal_farm_subsidies/.





n4  The list of billionaires includes Paul Allen, cofounder of Microsoft;
Charles Ergen, cofounder of DISH Network; Philip Anschutz, owner of Anschutz
Entertainment Group and cofounder of Major League Soccer; Leonard Lauder, son of
Estee Lauder and former CEO of the Estee Lauder Companies Inc.; Jim Kennedy,
Chairman of Cox Enterprises; S. Truett Cathy, founder of Chick-fil-A; Leslie
Wexner, CEO of L Brands Inc., which owns Victoria's Secret; Charles Schwab,
founder of brokerage firm Charles Schwab Corporation; Stewart and Lynda Resnick,
owners of POM Wonderful, Fiji Water, and Teleflora; David Rockefeller, Sr.,
former chair and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Bank; and Penny Pritzker,
U.S. Secretary of Commerce. Alex Rindler, Forbes Fat Cats Collect Tax-payer
Funded Farm Subsidies, ENVTL. WORKING GRP. (Nov. 7, 2013),
http://www.ewg.org/research/forbes-fat-cats-collect-taxpayer-funded-farm-subsidi
es.





n5  See, e.g., Debbie Stabenow, Farm Bill Ends Direct Payment Subsidies, U.S.
SENATE COMM. ON AGRIC., NUTRITION & FORESTRY (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.ag.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/farm-bill-ends-direct-payment-su
bsidies. On the other hand, critics point to equal, if not worse, potential for
corruption in the crop insurance programs. See, e.g., David J. Lynch, Fraud
Stealing $ 100 Million Shows Flaws in U.S. Crop Insurance, BLOOMBERG BUSINESS
(Sept. 10, 2013),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-09-11/fraud-stealing-100-million-sho
ws-flaws-in-u-s-crop-insurance.





n6  See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n7  See Andrea Freeman, Transparency for Food Consumers: Nutrition Labeling and
Food Oppression, 41 AM. J.L & MED. (forthcoming 2015).





n8  U.S. Farm Bill: Frequently Asked Questions, SNAP TO HEALTH,
http://www.snaptohealth.org/farm-bill-usda/u-s-farm-bill-faq/ (last visited Mar.
24, 2015).





n9  AMY RADICAN-WALD, CTR. FOR MISS. PUB. HEALTH, FROM FIELD TO FITNESS:
ALIGNING FARM POLICY WITH HEALTH POLICY TO IMPROVE NUTRITION AND HEALTH 5
(2014), available at
http://www.researchgate.net/publication/265125183_From_Field_to_Fitness_Aligning
_Farm_Policy_with_Health_Policy_to_Improve_Nutrition__Health ("Corn was the most
highly subsidized commodity at 44.6 percent, followed by wheat at 24 percent,
soybeans at 14 percent, rice at 9.0 percent, grain sorghum at 4.2 percent, and
all other food crops (including fruits and vegetables) at 3.9 percent.").





n10  See Chuck Gill, Producers Weighing Dairy Policy Shift in New Farm Bill,
PENN ST. NEWS (Mar. 12, 2014),
http://news.psu.edu/story/307552/2014/03/12/producers-weighing-dairy-policy-shif
t-new-farm-bill ("Another provision in the farm bill established the new,
margin-based Dairy Product Donation Program. Under this program, USDA will
create demand by purchasing dairy products to donate to food banks or similar
nonprofit organizations only if margins fall below $ 4 for two consecutive
months. The purchases will occur for three consecutive months or until margins
rebound above $ 4.").





n11  Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 2015, U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS.,
http://www.health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015.asp (last visited May 4, 2015)
("[T]he Dietary Guidelines for Americans is reviewed, updated, and published
every 5 years in a joint effort between the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).").





n12  Dietary Guidelines Consumer Brochure, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.choosemyplate.gov/print-materials-ordering/dietary-guidelines.html
(last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n13  Tamar Haspel, Farm Bill: Why Don't Taxpayers Subsidize the Foods That Are
Better for Us?, WASH. POST (Feb. 18, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/farm-bill-why-dont-taxpayers-subsid
ize-the-foods-that-are-better-for-us/2014/02/14/d7642a3c-9434-11e3-84e1-27626c5e
f5fb_story.html.





n14  SNAP became the new name for the program in 2008. Architects of the name
change intended it to signal the program's focus on participants' nutrition and
transition to healthy lifestyles. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 6.





n15  See, e.g., LESLIE F. BODEN, GREENTHUMB, GROWING SCHOOL AND YOUTH GARDENS IN
NEW YORK CITY (2009), available at
https://www.nycgovparks.org/sub_about/partners/greenthumb/school_garden_resource
_guide.pdf.





n16  See, e.g., Monica Eng, Most School Garden Produce is Forbidden Fruit in CPS
Lunchrooms, CHI. TRIB. (Oct. 19, 2010),
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2010-10-19/health/ct-met-school-gardens-20101
019_1_cps-spokeswoman-monique-bond-chartwells-thompson-school-garden.





n17  See, e.g., School Lunch Menus, VICTORIA ADVOCATE (Feb. 28, 2015, 8:21 PM),
https://www.victoriaadvocate.com/news/2015/feb/28/school-lunch-menus/.





n18  See Andrea Freeman, "First Food" Justice: Racial Disparities in Infant
Feeding, 83 FORDHAM L. REV. 3053 (2015).





n19  George Kent, The High Price of Infant Formula in the United States, 17
AGROFOOD INDUSTRY HIGH TECH. 6 (2006).





n20  See Freeman, "First Food" Justice, supra note 18, at 3061.





n21  SNAP beneficiaries can purchase breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP): Eligible Food Items, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/eligible-food-items (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n22  INST. OF MED., U.S. HEALTH IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE: SHORTER LIVES,
POORER HEALTH (REPORT BRIEF) (2013), available at http://www.iom.edu/
/media/Files/Report%20Files/2013/US-Health-International-Perspective/USHealth_In
tl_PerspectiveRB.pdf ("The U.S. health disadvantage spans many types of illness
and injury. When compared with the average of peer countries, Americans as a
group fare worse in at least nine health areas: 1. infant mortality and low
birth weight 2. injuries and homicides 3. adolescent pregnancy and sexually
transmitted infections 4. HIV and AIDS 5. drug-related deaths 6. obesity and
diabetes 7. heart disease 8. chronic lung disease 9. disability.").





n23  Mary Story et al., Schools and Obesity Prevention: Creating School
Environments and Policies to Promote Healthy Eating and Physical Activity, 87
MILLBANK Q. 71, 73 (2009).





n24  "Race data show that Whites are the largest group of WIC participants (58.2
percent) followed by Blacks or African Americans (19.8 percent)." U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., WOMEN, INFANTS, AND CHILDREN (WIC) PARTICIPANT AND PROGRAM
CHARACTERISTICS 2012: SUMMARY 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/WICPC2012_Summary.pdf. Blacks are
only 13.2% of the U.S. population. State and County QuickFacts, U.S. CENSUS
BUREAU, http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html (last revised Feb. 5,
2015). In 2010, 31.9% of TANF recipients were black and 85.2% were women. See
U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., CHARACTERISTICS AND FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES OF
TANF RECIPIENTS, FISCAL YEAR 2010, at tbl.A (Aug. 8, 2012), available at
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/
ofa/resource/character/fy2010/fy2010-chap10-ys-final; Z. Fareen Parvez, Women,
Poverty, and Welfare Assistance (Jan. 2009) (unpublished manuscript), available
at http://www.socwomen.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/fact_00-2009-welfare.pdf.





n25  See Andrea Freeman, Fast Food: Oppression Through Poor Nutrition, 95 CAL.
L. REV. 2221, 2221 (2007).





n26  African Americans have a 26% greater incidence of cancer (36% greater for
prostate cancer), while an African American woman is 67% more likely to die of
breast cancer than her white counterparts. African Americans have a 40% higher
incidence of hypertension. Latinas suffer from heart disease at twice the rate
of white women, and African American and Chicanas face a 45% greater incidence
of obesity. Latinos are 53% more likely to suffer from diabetes, African
American men are 69% more likely to suffer from diabetes, and African American
and Native American women face more than two and three times higher rates of
diabetes than white women. John Robbins, Racism, Food and Health,
JOHNROBBINS.INFO (Apr. 18, 2010),
http://johnrobbins.info/blog/racism-food-and-health/.





n27  Latetia V. Moore, Availability of Recreational Resources in Minority and
Low Socioeconomic Status Areas, 34 AM. J. PREVENTIVE MED. 16, 16 (2008)
("Minority neighborhoods were significantly more likely than white neighborhoods
not to have recreational facilities . . . . Lowincome neighborhoods were 4.5
times more likely to not have facilities than high-income areas . . . .").





n28  HENRY J. KAISER FAMILY FOUND., HEALTH CARE AND THE 2008 ELECTIONS 1 (2008),
available at https://kaiserfamilyfoundation.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/7830.pdf
("At least 1 in 3 nonelderly Latinos (36%) and [American Indians or Alaskan
Natives] (33%) is uninsured, as compared with 22% of African Americans, 17% of
Asian and Pacific Islanders, and 13% of Whites.").





n29  See, e.g., Rob Stein, Race Gap Persists in Health Care, Three Studies Say,
WASH. POST (Aug. 18, 2005),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/08/17/AR2005081701437.
html ("Black Americans still get far fewer operations, tests, medications and
other life-saving treatments than whites . . . . [B]lacks remain much less
likely to undergo heart bypasses, appendectomies and other common procedures.
They receive fewer mammograms and basic tests and drugs for heart disease and
diabetes, and they have fallen even further behind whites in controlling those
two major killers, according to the first attempts to measure the last decade's
efforts to improve equality of care."); Vanessa Ho, Doctors Treated Black
Patients Worse in UW Study, SEATTLE PI (Mar. 19, 2012, 9:00 PM),
http://www.seattlepi.com/local/article/Doctors-treated-black-patients-worse-in-U
W-study-3419063.php ("Studies have shown that white patients are more likely to
get pain medication--and be in less pain--than minority patients.").





n30  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 3.





n31  Michael Heiligenstein, A Brief History of the Farm Bill, SATURDAY EVENING
POST (Apr. 17, 2014),
http://www.saturdayeveningpost.com/2014/04/17/culture/politics/a-brief-history-o
f-the-farm-bill.html.





n32  See PETE DANIEL, DISPOSSESSION (2015) (tracing the history of
discrimination against black farmers by the USDA). The first farm subsidies
allowed the white owners of large farms to invest in machines and chemicals,
leading to their growth, while small farms operated by blacks received no
assistance in the quest to modernize. Id. at 9. In 2007, after many years of
documented discrimination against black and Latino farmers by the USDA and other
federal agencies, farm owners were ninety-eight percent white. Dorothy A. Brown,
Race and Class Matters in Tax Policy, 107 COLUM. L. REV. 790, 815 (2007). See
also CIVIL RIGHTS ACTION TEAM, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., CIVIL RIGHTS AT THE UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (1997), available at
http://www.federationsoutherncoop.com/pigford/research/CRAT%20Report%201997.pdf;
Jim Chen, Of Agriculture's First Disobedience and its Fruit, 48 VAND. L. REV.
1261, 1307 (1995).





n33  A lawsuit challenging this discrimination, Pigford v. Glickman, resulted in
a settlement between the USDA and some minority farmers. Pigford v. Glickman,
206 F.3d 1212, 1217-18 (D.C. Cir. 2000) (holding that district court did not
abuse its discretion in approving consent decree settling class action for race
discrimination in allocation of federal farm loans because class members bore
the risk that federal regulations might change before execution). See also
DANIEL, supra note 32, at 71, 79 (describing the domination of farm services and
agencies by whites that perpetuated discrimination); Joy Milligan, Protecting
Disfavored Minorities: Toward Institutional Realism, UCLA L. REV. (forthcoming
2016). Farming has one of the highest percentages of white owners in any
American business. Brown, supra note 32, at 815.





n34  Food Distribution: FDD--History and Background, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. (Nov.
12, 2013), http://www.fns.usda.gov/fdd/fdd-history-and-background; RADICAN-WALD,
supra note 9, at 5.





n35  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 15.





n36  Id.





n37  Haspel, supra note 13.





n38  Snejana Farberov, Genesis of a National Plague, DAILY MAIL (July 19, 2013),
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2371051/How-modern-Americas-obesity-epid
emic-began-1950s.html.





n39  See, e.g., OBESITY (Scott Barbour ed., 2011); A.H. BARNETT & SUDHESH KUMAR,
OBESITY AND DIABETES (2004); MABEL BLADES, OBESITY (2005); ALEXANDRA A. BREWIS,
OBESITY (2010); JEFFERY KOPLAN ET AL., PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY: HEALTH IN
THE BALANCE (2005); PROGRESS IN PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY (Jeffrey P. Koplan
et al. eds., 2007); OBESITY (Gerald Litwack ed., 2013); NAT'L INST. OF HEALTH,
CLINICAL GUIDELINES ON THE IDENTIFICATION, EVALUATION, AND TREATMENT OF
OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY IN ADULTS (1998); F. SASSI, ORG. FOR ECON. COOPERATION &
DEV., OBESITY AND THE ECONOMICS OF PREVENTION (2010); David Arterburn, Obesity,
66 AM. FAM. PHYSICIAN 1279 (2002); Richard Barnett, Obesity, 366 LANCET 984
(2005); Per Bj[#xF6]rntorp, Obesity, 350 LANCET 423 (1997); Adam Gilden Tsai &
Thomas A. Wadden, Obesity, 159 ANNALS OF INTERNAL MED. ITC3-1 (2013); David W.
Haslam & W. Phillip T. James, Obesity, 366 LANCET 1197 (2005); Michael Rosenbaum
et al., 337 NEW ENGLAND J. MED 396 (1997); Susan Z. Yanovski & Zack A. Yanovski,
Obesity, 346 NEW ENGLAND J. MED. 591 (2002).





n40  An Epidemic of Obesity: U.S. Obesity Trends, HARVARD SCH. PUB. HEALTH,
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/an-epidemic-of-obesity/ (last
visited Mar. 23, 2015).





n41  Id.





n42  Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., FOOD RES. AND ACTION CENTER,
http://frac.org/initiatives/hunger-and-obesity/obesity-in-the-us/ (last visited
March 24, 2015).





n43  Some critics understand these diagnoses as an indication of a desire for
social control over black and brown bodies. See, e.g., JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING
IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF CAPITALISM (2011); ABIGAIL SAGUY,
WHAT'S WRONG WITH FAT? (2014); Jeanne Firth, Healthy Choices and Heavy Burdens:
Race, Citizenship and Gender in the Obesity Epidemic, 13 J. INT'L WOMEN'S STUD.
33 (2012).





n44  Claudio Nigg, Adolescent At-Risk Weight (Overweight and Obesity) Prevalence
in Hawai'i, 70 HAW. MED. J. SUPP. 1, 4 (2011) ("60% of overweight/obese children
show at least one cardiovascular disease risk factor and an estimated 1/3 of all
US children are expected to eventually develop type 2 diabetes. . . .
Additionally, persistently elevated blood pressure occurred approximately nine
times more frequently among overweight/obese children compared to normal weight
children. Overweight/obese children are also more likely to experience negative
social and psychological consequences, including discrimination, stigmatization,
and low self-esteem. If weight gain continues through adolescence, there is a
significantly high likelihood these youth will become obese adults. Obese adults
are at increased risk for the premature development of several chronic diseases,
including heart disease, stroke, osteoarthritis, and various forms of cancer.").





n45  For a description of the debates that delayed the 2014 Farm Bill by two
years, see Neil D. Hamilton, The 2014 Farm Bill: Lessons in Patience, Politics,
and Persuasion, 19 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 1, 9 (2014).





n46  See LET'S MOVE, http://www.letsmove.gov/ (last visited May 4, 2015).
Further, obesity diagnoses are not necessarily grounded in sound medical
practice or research. Body mass index (BMI) provides the measurement of
overweight and obesity. BMI is calculated by dividing a person's weight in
kilograms by that person's height in meters squared, resulting in an estimate of
a "healthy" weight for a person of that height: a measure of less than 18.5 is
"underweight"; 18.5-25 is "normal"; 25-30 is "overweight"; greater than 30 is
considered "obese"; and greater than 40 is seen as "morbidly obese." BMI does
not directly measure body fat. Firth, supra note 43, at 37 n.11. BMI measurement
also fails to take into account individual characteristics such as bone density
and larger physical frames, both of which are often associated with specific
racial groups. Higher bone density and larger frames are associated with being
African American, as is obesity. Bruce Ettinger et al., Racial Differences in
Bone Density Between Young Adult Black and White Subjects Persist After
Adjustment for Anthropometric, Lifestyle, and Biochemical Differences, 82 J.
CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY & METABOLISM 429, 429 (1997). The scientific inaccuracy
of this measurement bolsters suspicions that obesity diagnoses play a role in
society beyond measuring health and implicating relevant treatment. Obesity may
in fact be a socially constructed illness that has little medical meaning aside
from the illnesses and conditions with which it is associated. See Peter Conrad
& Kristin K. Barker, The Social Construction of Illness: Key Insights and Policy
Implications, 51 J. HEALTH & SOC. BEHAVIOR, SUPP. S67 (2010).





n47  Laura Collins, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't Go Far Enough, AM.
ACTION F. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-
go-far-enough.





n48  Id.





n49  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n50  See KING CORN (Mosaic Films 2007).





n51  Since 2005, the Renewable Fuel Standard has required gasoline companies to
blend ethanol with regular gas, raising the price of gas for consumers. See
Robert Bryce, Op-Ed., End the Ethanol Rip-Off, N.Y. TIMES (Mar. 10, 2015),
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/10/opinion/end-the-ethanol-rip-off.html?_r=0.





n52  Tony Dreibus & Jesse Newman, U.S. Farmers Are Up to Their Ears in Corn,
WALL ST. J. (Aug. 17, 2014),
http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-farmers-are-up-to-their-ears-in-corn-1408318910.





n53  Id.





n54  See AICR's Foods That Fight Cancer: Soy, AM. INST. FOR CANCER RES.,
http://www.aicr.org/foods-that-fight-cancer/soy.html (last visited Apr. 22,
2015); Mark Hyman, How Soy Can Kill You or Save Your Life, DRHYMAN.COM (Feb. 25,
2013),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/08/06/how-soy-can-kill-you-and-save-your-life/#clos
e. See also, e.g., Margaret Adgent, Early Life Soy Exposure and Age at Menarche,
26 PAEDIATRIC PERINATAL EPI-DEMIOLogy 163 (2012) (finding that feeding of
soy-based infant formula may increase the likelihood of early onset of puberty);
Melissa A. Cimafranca et al., Acute and Chronic Effects of Oral Genistein
Administration in Neonatal Mice, 83 BIOLOGICAL REPRODUCTION 114 (2010) (finding
serum genistein concentrations mimicking those in soy formula-fed human infants
produced estrogenic effects on the organs of mice); Susan Goodin et al.,
Clinical and Biological Activity of Soy Protein Powder Supplementation in
Healthy Male Volunteers, 16 CANCER EPIDEMIOLOGY BIOMARKERS PREVENTION 829 (2007)
(finding that soy protein powder decreases serum testosterone levels in healthy
men by approximately 19%).





n55  Hidden in Plain Sight: Trans Fats Hidden in Many Foods, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.
(May 22, 2015),
http://www.ewg.org/research/hidden-plain-sight/trans-fats-hidden-many-foods.





n56  See Ashley Hayes, Put Down That Doughnut: FDA Takes on Trans Fats, CNN
(Nov. 13, 2013), http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/07/health/fda-trans-fats/#.





n57  A 1995 paper entitled "Trans Fatty Acids and Coronary Heart Disease Risk"
published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is widely considered one
of the first studies to make the link between trans fats and heart disease.
Penny M. Kris-Etherton, Trans-Fats and Coronary Heart Disease, 50 FOOD, SCI. &
NUTRITION 29, 29 (2010).





n58  Haspel, supra note 13 ("Specialty growers supported the rules that, until
now, prevented commodity growers from devoting some acreage to fruits and
vegetables; this year's farm bill allows commodity farmers to use up to 15
percent of their acreage for specialty crops without losing benefits.").





n59  MICHAEL CAROLAN, CHEAPONOMICS: THE HIGH COST OF LOW PRICES 65 (2014).





n60  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 16.





n61  Id. at 1.





n62  INST. FOR AGRIC. & TRADE POLICY, FOOD WITHOUT THOUGHT (2006), available at
http://www.nffc.net/Learn/Fact%20Sheets/Obesity%20and%20Ag.pdf.





n63  Roland Sturm & Ruopeng An, Obesity and Economic Environments, 64 CA: A
CANCER J. FOR CLINICIANS 337, 347 (2014).





n64  See, e.g., Ryan T. Hurt, The Obesity Epidemic: Challenges, Health
Initiatives, and Implications for Gastroenterologists, 50 GASTROENTEROLOGY &
HEPATOLOGY 780, 780 (2010) ("The incidence of obesity has risen in the United
States over the past 30 years; 60% of adults are currently either obese or
overweight. Obesity is associated with a higher incidence of a number of
diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer."); WORLD
HEALTH ORG., OBESITY AND OVERWEIGHT (2003), available at
http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/media/en/gsfs_obesity.pdf ("Increased
consumption of more energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods with high levels of sugar
and saturated fats, combined with reduced physical activity, have led to obesity
rates that have risen three-fold or more since 1980 in some areas of North
America . . . .").





n65  Studies have shown that increasing fruit and vegetable servings by just two
per day can lower the risk of developing cancer by 4%. Whole-grain and
fiber-intensive diets may reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes, and
hypertension. Consumption of whole grains is also correlated with reduced risk
of obesity and its health consequences. Replacing white rice with brown rice can
reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 16%. Replacing processed grains with whole
grains can reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 36%. Increasing the intake of
fruits and vegetables and other nutrient-rich foods while lowering the intake of
high-fat foods, including fatty meats, significantly reduced the risk of
dementia in patients with Alzheimer's. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n66  The United States Needs 13 Million More Acres of Fruits and Vegetables to
Meet the RDA, ARIZ. ENERGY (July 7, 2010),
http://arizonaenergy.org/News_10/News_July10/The%20United%20States%20Needs%2013%
20Million%20More%20Acres%20of%20Fruits%20and%20Vegetables%20to%20Meet%20the%20RD
A.htm.





n67  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 19.





n68  The USDA's subsidy choices also have an international impact because they
affect trade. See Ag Economy; Trade; Biotech; Farm Bill; Budget; and, Biofuels,
FARMPOLICY.COM (Feb. 2, 2015),
http://farmpolicy.com/2015/02/02/ag-economy-trade-biotech-farm-bill-budget-and-b
iofuelsmonday/#more-16865.





n69  Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2245-47.





n70  Jessica Hoffman, Farm Subsidies Overwhelmingly Support White Farmers,
COLORLINES (Jan. 29, 2009),
http://www.colorlines.com/archives/2009/01/farm_subsidies_overwhelmingly_support
_white_farmers.html.





n71  James Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, N.Y. TIMES (July 19,
2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/20/business/richer-farmers-bigger-subsidies.html?
_r=0.





n72  For an analysis of the USDA's policy of dealing with the milk surplus and
its effect on marginalized communities, see Andrea Freeman, The Unbearable
Whiteness of Milk: Food Oppression and the USDA, 3 U.C. IRVINE L. REV. 1251
(2013).





n73  Items eligible for SNAP include breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. For more information, see
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, supra note 21.





n74  See Eleanor Yang Su, School Meals Face Rules on Fat, Meat, Veggies -- But
No Limits on Sugar, CTR. FOR INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING (Oct. 3, 2013),
http://cironline.org/reports/school-meals-face-rules-fat-meat-veggies-%E2%80%93-
no-limits-sugar-5323.





n75  See Alice Park, Banning Sugared Drinks in Schools Doesn't Lower Student
Consumption, TIME (Nov. 8, 2011),
http://healthland.time.com/2011/11/08/banning-sugared-drinks-in-schools-doesnt-l
ower-student-consumption/.





n76  See Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2227.





n77  Health v. Pork: Congress Debates the Farm Bill, 16 GOOD MED. 11, 11 (2007),
available at http://www.pcrm.org/images/gm/autumn2007/gm07autumn.pdf.





n78  McDonald's targets Latino customers through its "Me Encanta" website. See
ME ENCANTA, http://www.meencanta.com (last visited Feb. 27, 2013). African
Americans are targeted through the McDonald's 365 Black website. See 365 BLACK,
http://www.mcdonalds.com/365black/en/home.html (last visited Feb. 27, 2013)
("Deeply rooted in the community 365 days a year!").





n79  Jonathan S. Goldman, Comment, Take That Tobacco Settlement and Super-Size
It!: The Deep-Frying of the Fast Food Industry?, 13 TEMP. POL. & CIV. RTS. L.
REV. 113, 118 (2003). This strategy backfired when one of their advertisements
disrespected tamales, a highly valued Mexican food eaten primarily to mark
special occasions. See Adam Chandler, A Briefing on the Eating of Tamales, THE
ATLANTIC (Feb. 5, 2015),
http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2015/02/a-briefing-on-the-eating-of-
tamales/385196/.





n80  See Regina Austin, "Bad for Business": Contextual Analysis, Race
Discrimination, and Fast Food, 34 J. MARSHALL L. REV. 207, 227 (2000).





n81  Id. at 228-29.





n82  SARAH TREUHAFT & ALLISON KARPYN, THE GROCERY GAP: WHO HAS ACCESS TO HEALTHY
FOOD AND WHY IT MATTERS 11 (2010), available at
http://thefoodtrust.org/uploads/media_items/grocerygap.original.pdf ("Beginning
in the 1960s and 1970s, white, middle-class families left urban centers for
homes in the suburbs, and supermarkets fled with them.").





n83  Jeff Smith, Food Justice Discussion Generates Local Campaign Idea, GRAND
RAPIDS INST. FOR INFO. DEMOCRACY (July 15, 2012),
http://griid.org/2012/07/15/food-justice-discussion-generates-local-campaign-ide
a.





n84  Erik Eckholm, Study Documents "Ghetto Tax" Being Paid by the Urban Poor,
N.Y. TIMES (July 19, 2006),
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/19/us/19poor.html?_r=0.





n85  Another factor that contributes to unhealthy eating among the poor is
insufficient storage space for food. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n86  For more information on intersectional identities, see Kimberle Crenshaw,
Mapping the Margins: Intersectionality, Identity Politics and Violence Against
Women of Color, 43 STAN. L. REV. 1241, 1245 (1991); Angela P. Harris, Race and
Essentialism in Feminist Legal Theory, 42 STAN. L. REV. 581, 585 (1989).





n87  In 2010, 27.4% of African Americans and 26.6% of Hispanics were poor,
compared to 9.9% of whites and 12.1% of Asians. Poverty in the United States,
NAT'L POVERTY CENTER, http://www.npc.umich.edu/poverty/ (last visited Mar. 24,
2015).





n88  See, e.g., MICHELLE ALEXANDER, THE NEW JIM CROW (2012); Michelle Adams,
Separate and [Un]equal: Housing Choice, Mobility, and Equalization in the
Federally Subsidized Housing Program, 71 TUL. L. REV. 413, 413 (1996) ("The
history of racial discrimination and inequality in the federally subsidized
housing program is extensive and well-documented."); Margalynne Armstrong,
Desegregation for Private Litigation: Using Equitable Remedies to Achieve the
Purposes of the Fair Housing Act, 64 TEMP. L. REV. 909 (1991); Gil Kujovich,
Desegregation in Higher Education: The Limits of a Judicial Remedy, 44 BUFF. L.
REV. 1 (1996); Jesse B. Semple, Invisible Man: Black and Male Under Title VII,
104 HARV. L. REV. 749 (1991); Brando Simeo Starkey, You're an Uncle Tom!: The
Behavioral Regulation of Blacks on the Right Side of the Criminal Justice System
, 15 BERKELEY J. AFR.-AM. L. & POL'Y 37 (2013); Peggie R. Smith, Separate
Identities: Black Women, Work, and Title VII, 14 HARV. WOMEN'S L.J. 21 (1991).





n89  See, e.g., LARRY D. PARNELL, TRANSCULTURAL HEALTH CARE: A CULTURALLY
COMPETENT APPROACH 416 (2012) ("[M]ore acculturated Puerto Ricans are changing
their traditional food practices and often follow mainland U.S. dietary
practices."); Andrew R. Carl, Method Is Irrelevant: Allowing Native Hawaiian
Traditional and Customary Subsistence Fishing to Thrive, 32 U. HAW. L. REV. 203
(2009); WORLD HEALTH ORG., DIET, FOOD SUPPLY AND OBESITY IN THE PACIFIC (2003),
available at
http://www.wpro.who.int/publications/docs/diet_food_supply_obesity.pdf.





n90  See, e.g., EATING ASIAN AMERICA: A FOOD STUDIES READER 326 (Robert Ji-Sun
Ku et al. eds., 2013).





n91  Hawaii has 3.0444 fast food restaurants per 10,000 people as compared to
2.9961 for California and 1.9049 for New York. Kate Bratskeir, The U.S. States
With The Most Fast Food Restaurants Per Capita, Huffington Post (Mar. 6, 2015),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/06/most-fast-food-in-america_n_6808452.htm
l. See also Taina Rosa, The Fast-Food Industry: The Possibility of Market
Saturation and a Scarcity of Premier Locations Aren't Putting a Damper on
Fast-Food Chains' Local Expansion Plans, PUERTO RICO HERALD (Jul. 27, 2005),
http://www.puertorico-herald.org/issues2/2005/vol09n30/CBFastFood.html.





n92  CTRS. FOR DISEASE CONTROL & PREVENTION, NATIONAL DIABETES STATISTICS
REPORT, 2014, at 9 (2014), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pubs/statsreport14/national-diabetes-report-web.pdf
("African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, American Indians, some Asians, and
Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders are at particularly high risk for
type 2 diabetes and its complications.").





n93  Richard S. Cooper, Genetic Factors in Ethnic Disparities in Health, in
CRITICAL PERSPECTIVES ON RACIAL AND ETHNIC DIFFERENCES IN HEALTH IN LATE LIFE
273 (Norman Anderson et al. eds., 2004) ("[B]lack Americans experience higher
rates of all the major causes of death except chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease and liver disease. The excess rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have
long been recognized as being secondary to the high prevalence of hypertension.
. . . Rates of coronary heart disease in blacks now exceed whites. . . . The
black excess is found in all the common forms of cancer except myeloma, and the
differences are particularly marked in the younger age groups.").





n94  Pacific Islander Diet, DIET.COM,
http://www.diet.com/g/pacific-islander-diet (last visited Mar. 23, 2015)
("Anemia, riboflavin deficiency, and calcium deficiency are common nutritional
problems in the rural and urban areas of many islands, while heart disease,
hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and other chronic diseases are on the
rise. This is primarily due to a transition from traditional nutritious diets of
fresh fruits, vegetables, poultry, and seafood to a diet with large amounts of
imported and highly refined Western foods that are low in fiber and high in fat
and sugars.").





n95  See Mark Hyman, Not Having Enough Food Causes Obesity and Diabetes,
DRHYMAN.COM (last updated Sept. 17, 2010),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/09/17/not-having-enough-food-causes-obesity-and-dia
betes/#close.





n96  See, e.g., Fast Facts: Obesity and Gender, STOP OBESITY ALLIANCE,
http://www.stopobesityalliance.org/wp-content/themes/stopobesityalliance/pdfs/Fa
stFacts_ObesityandGender5-2010.pdf (last visited Mar. 24, 2015) ("In 2007-2008,
the prevalence of obesity was 32.2 percent among adult men and 35.5 percent
among adult women.").





n97  Marion Nestle, The Farm Bill Promotes Fruits and Vegetables? Really?, FOOD
POLITICS (Mar. 10, 2014),
http://www.foodpolitics.com/2014/03/the-farm-bill-promotes-fruits-and-vegetables
-really/.





n98  See generally Hamilton, supra note 45.





n99  Alan Bjerga & Julie Bykowicz, Farm Bill Fruitful For Giants, VALLEY NEWS
(Jan. 29, 2014),
http://www.vnews.com/news/nation/world/10428605-95/farm-bill-fruitful-for-giants
.





n100  Id.





n101  See New Farm Bill Contains Massive Taxpayer Handouts to Big Ag, Last
Minute Deal Removed Even Modest Taxpayer Savings, U.S. PIRG (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.uspirg.org/news/usp/new-farm-bill-contains-massive-taxpayer-handouts-
big-ag-last-minute-deal-removed-even.





n102  See David Steinbach, Crop Insurance Figured as Key Issue in Farm Bill
Debate, CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (June 21, 2013),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2013/06/crop-insurance-funding-characterize/;
Robbie Feinberg, Special Interests Heavily Involved in Farm Bill Maneuvering,
CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (Jan. 30, 2014),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2014/01/special-interests-heavily-involved/.





n103  Direct payments to farmers were repealed. See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed);
7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed). They were replaced with two new insurance-based
programs. See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n104  See David Dayden, Farm Bill 2014: It's Even Worse Than the Old Farm Bill,
NEW REPUBLIC (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.newrepublic.com/article/116470/farm-bill-2014-its-even-worse-old-farm
-bill.





n105  A Trillion in the Trough, ECONOMIST (Feb. 8, 2014),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21595953-congress-passes-bill-gives-
bipartisanship-bad-name-trillion-trough.





n106  Romina Boccia, Farm Bill Should End Secrecy in Crop Insurance Subsidies,
HERITAGE FOUND. (July 23, 2012),
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2012/07/2012-farm-bill-and-crop
-insurance-subsidies.





n107  See JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF
CAPITALISM 52-55 (2011) (describing the origin and evolution of the term
"healthism," and crediting sociologist Robert Crawford with originally coining
the phrase).





n108  This view was particularly prevalent and harmful during the AIDS epidemic.
See Elizabeth Fee & Nancy Krieger, Understanding AIDS: Historical
Interpretations and the Limits of Biomedical Individualism, 83 AM. J. PUB.
HEALTH 1477, 1481 (1993).





n109  See, e.g., WOMEN AND HEALTH (Marlene B. Goldman et al. eds., 2d. ed.
2013); JENNIE J. KRONENFELD, SOCIAL DETERMINANTS, HEALTH DISPARITIES AND
LINKAGES TO HEALTH AND HEALTH CARE (2013); SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
(Michael Marmot & Richard G. Wilkinson eds., 2006); SHERI R. NOTARO, HEALTH
DISPARITIES AMONG UNDER-SERVED POPULATIONS: IMPLICATIONS FOR RESEARCH, POLICY
AND PRAXIS (2012); HENRIE M. TREADWELL ET AL., SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
AMONG AFRICAN-AMERICAN MEN (2d. ed. 2012); Jennifer K. Cheng, Confronting the
Social Determinants of Health--Obesity, Neglect, and Inequity, 367 NEW ENGLAND
J. MED. 1976 (2012); Lisa C. Ikemoto, Abortion, Contraception and the ACA: The
Realignment of Women's Health, 55 HOW. L.J. 731, 746 (2012); Michael Marmot,
Universal Health Coverage and Social Determinants of Health, 382 LANCET 1227
(2013); Ted Schrecker, Can Health Equity Survive Epidemiology? Standards of
Proof and Social Determinants of Health, 57 PREVENTIVE MED. 741 (2013); Margaret
Whitehead & Jennie Popay, Swimming Upstream? Taking Action on the Social
Determinants of Health Inequalities, 71 SOC. SCI. & MED. 1234 (2010).





n110  Adam Benforado, Jon Hanson & David Yosifon, Broken Scales: Obesity and
Justice in America, 53 EMORY L. J. 1645, 1657-58 (2004).





n111  Id. at 1681-85.





n112  Id. at 1694-98.





n113  See VIVYAN CAMPBELL ADAIR, FROM GOOD MA TO WELFARE QUEEN (2000);
ANGE-MARIE HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST: THE PUBLIC IDENTITY OF THE WELFARE
QUEEN (2004); DAVID ZUCCHINO, MYTH OF THE WELFARE QUEEN (1997); Rose Ernst,
Localizing the "Welfare Queen" Ten Years Later: Race, Gender, Place, and Welfare
Rights, 11 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 181 (2008); Carly Hayden Foster, The Welfare
Queen: Race, Gender, Class, and Public Opinion, 15 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 162
(2008); Ange-Marie Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform and the Public Identity
of the "Welfare Queen", 10 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 31 (2003); Karen Johnson, Myth
of the Welfare Queen, 25 ESSENCE 42 (1995); Premilla Nadasen, From Widow to
"Welfare Queen": Welfare and the Politics of Race, 1 BLACK WOMEN, GENDER &
FAMILIES 52 (2007); John Blake, Return of the "Welfare Queen", CNN (Jan. 23,
2012), http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/23/politics/weflare-queen/; Beth Reinhard, The
Return of the Welfare Queen, NAT'L J. (Dec. 12, 2013),
http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/the-return-of-the-welfare-queen-20131212
; Ashley Sayeau, The Myth of the Welfare Queen, NEWSTATESMAN (Aug. 9, 2010, 9:18
AM), http://www.newstatesman.com/society/2010/08/welfare-women-work-coalition.





n114  See Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform, supra note 113, at 31.





n115  Id. at 6-7.





n116  ANGE-MARIE HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST, supra note 113, at 43.





n117  See e.g., RACE, ETHNICITY, GENDER, AND CLASS: THE SOCIOLOGY OF GROUP
CONFLICT AND CHANGE 90 (Joseph F. Healy & Eileen O'Brien eds., 2012).





n118  See e.g., Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y.
TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_r=0; Arthur Delaney, Food Stamp Cuts Backed By Farm Subsidy
Beneficiaries, HUFFINGTON POST (May 23, 2013),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/23/food-stamp-cuts_n_3324418.html; Rachel
Manteuffel, PostScript: Milbank and Snipping SNAP, WASH. POST (July 12, 2013),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2013/07/12/postscript-milba
nk-and-snipping-snap/; Niraj Chokshi, Why the Food Stamp Cuts in the Farm Bill
Affect Only a Third of States, WASH. POST (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2014/02/05/why-the-food-stamp-cut
s-in-the-farm-bill-affect-only-a-third-of-states; Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill
Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret, SUNLIGHT FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
https://sunlightfoundation.com/blog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep
-crop-subsidies-secret/; Boccia, supra note 106; Steinbach, supra note 102;
George Ford, Iowa Farmers: $ 1.3 Billion in Subsidies, THE GAZETTE (Mar. 31,
2014), http://thegazette.com/2012/06/28/iowa-farmers-1-3-billion-in-subsidies.





n119  See At the Trough, ECONOMIST (June 1, 2013),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21578688-awful-farm-bill-faces-oppos
ition-trough.





n120  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649 (2014).
Farmers in the United States received $ 240.1 billion in subsidies during
1995-2009. Food crop commodities received the majority of Farm Bill funding at $
153.5 billion, other farm programs received $ 48.6 billion, cotton subsidies
totaled $ 29.7 billion, and livestock and dairy subsidies were $ 8.3 billion.
RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 4.





n121  Farm Subsidy Primer, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.,
http://farm.ewg.org/subsidyprimer.php (last visited Apr. 23, 2015).





n122  7 U.S.C. § 9014(d)(1) (2014) ("Notwithstanding any other provision of this
chapter, a producer on a farm may not receive price loss coverage payments or
agriculture risk coverage payments if the sum of the base acres on the farm is
10 acres or less, as determined by the Secretary.").






n123  See 7 U.S.C. § 7911(a)(1)(A)--(B) (2002).





n124  The wealthiest farmers with the largest farms receive up to $ 1 million
per year in subsidies while the lower 80% of farmers receive an average of $
5,000 each per year. Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, supra note 71.





n125  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n126  See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. §
9016 (2014) (Price Loss Coverage); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014) (Agriculture Risk
Coverage).





n127  See 7 U.S.C. § 9015(a)(2014).





n128  Agricultural Risk Coverage (ARC), U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/fbapp?area=home&subject=fmsn&topic=arc (last updated
Mar. 12, 2014).





n129  See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014). For example, the reference price for corn is $
3.70 a bushel and the reference price for soybeans is $ 8.40 a bushel. 7 U.S.C.
§ 9011(18)(B) and (H)(2014).





n130  In the case of dairy, the 2014 Farm Bill repealed three major programs.
These include: the Dairy Product Price Support Program (DPPSP), the Milk Income
Loss Contract (MILC), and the Dairy Export Incentive Program (DEIP). The two new
programs are the Margin Protection Program for Dairy Producers (MPP) and the
Dairy Product Donation Program (DPDP). The MPP is a voluntary program that will
pay participating farmers when a national benchmark for milk income divided by
the cost of animal feed (that actual dairy production margin or ADPM) falls
below a certain variable insured level. The DPDP requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to purchase from farmers and distribute approved dairy products when
the ADPM falls below the lowest level specified for the MPP. These dairy
products would be distributed to low-income family and food assistance programs.
See MARIN BOZIC ET AL., DAIRY MKTS. & POLICY, THE DAIRY SUBTITLE OF THE
AGRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 2-3 (2014), available at
http://dairymarkets.org/PubPod/Pubs/IL14-01.pdf. Meat is widely considered to
have lost out with the 2014 Farm Bill due to the passage of Country of Origin
Labeling (COOL) provisions. See Bill Tomson & Tarini Parti, Plenty of Winners
and Losers in New Farm Bill, POLITICO (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/farm-bill-review-102726.html.





n131  See Mary Ellen Kustin, Falling Crop Prices Mean Big Payouts, ENVTL.
WORKING GRP. (Feb. 25, 2014), http://www.ewg.org/agmag/2014/02/falling-crop
-prices-mean-big-payouts; Craig Cox, ENVTL. WORKING GRP., Bait and Switch on
Steroids, in PUMPED UP: HOW SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE COULD SWELL FARM SUBSIDIES
(2013), available at http://static.ewg.org/pdf/2013_sco_crop
_insurance_final.pdf.





n132  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 6.





n133  Ed O'Keefe, Farm Bill Passes After Three Years of Talks, WASH. POST (Feb.
4, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/02/04/farm-bill-passes
-after-three-years-of-talks/.





n134  Ron Nixon, Senate Passes Long-Stalled Farm Bill, With Clear Winners and
Losers, N.Y. TIMES (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/05/us/politics/senate-passes-long-stalled-farm-bi
ll.html?_r=0.





n135  See Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., supra note 42.





n136  Studies link inadequate benefits to increased hospital admissions. Id.





n137  See Andrea Freeman, Payback: A Structural Analysis of the Credit Card
Problem, 55 ARIZ. L. REV. 151 (2013).





n138  Doctors Say Food Stamp Cuts Will Result in Higher Healthcare Costs, PBS
NEWS DESK (Jan. 10, 2014),
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/doctors-say-food-stamp-cuts-will-result-in-h
igher-healthcare-costs/.





n139  See Willy Blackmore, More Cuts to SNAP Are Coming, and Food Banks Can't
Cope, TAKE PART (Jan. 24, 2014),
http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/01/24/food-banks-cannot-cope-next-round-sna
p-cuts.





n140  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, STATE OF OBESITY,
http://stateofobesity.org/farm-bill/ (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n141  Clare Fleishman & Nick Green, Market Match Program Encourages EBT Spending
at Farmers Markets, CAL. HEALTHCARE FOUND. (Apr. 25, 2014),
http://centerforhealthreporting.org/article/market-match-program
-encourages-ebt-spending-farmers-markets.





n142  Agricultural Act of 2014: Highlights and Implications: Local and Regional
Foods, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/agricultural-act-of-2014-highlights-and-implications/loc
al-and-regional-foods.aspx (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n143  Sadaf Knight, New USDA Rules Will Require Healthy Foods at Convenience
Stores, SUPPORT CENTER (Mar. 21, 2014),
http://thesupportcenter-nc.org/news/small-business/new-usda-rules-will-require-h
ealthy-foods-at-convenience-stores.





n144  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, supra note 140. See also
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Education (SNAP-Ed), U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program
-education-snap-ed (last visited May 4, 2015).





n145  2014 Farm Bill Highlights, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.usda.gov/documents/usda-2014-farm-bill-highlights.pdf (last visited
Mar. 24, 2015).





n146  Alba J. Collart & Keith Coble, Highlights of the Agricultural Act of 2014
for Specialty Crops, CHOICES (2014),
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/choices-magazine/theme-articles/deciphering-key-p
rovisions-of-the-agricultural-act-of-2014/highlights-of-the-agricultural-act-of-
2014-for-specialty-crops ("[P]ulse products such as dry beans, dry peas,
lentils, and chickpeas, will be incorporated into the National School Lunch and
National School Breakfast programs.").





n147  Meredith Freeman, What Does the Farm Bill Mean For an Urban Community Like
Detroit?, FAIR FOOD NETWORK (Mar. 18, 2014),
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/what-does-farm-bill-mean-urban-community
-detroit.





n148  RENEE JOHNSON, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43632, SPECIALTY CROP PROVISIONS IN
THE 2014 FARM BILL (P.L. 113-79) (2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/R43632.pdf.





n149  Id. at 9.





n150  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
NAT'L SUSTAINABLE AGRIC. COAL. (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n151  Healthy Food Financing Funds, HEALTHY FOOD ACCESS PORTAL,
http://www.healthyfoodaccess.org/funding/healthy-food-financing-funds (last
visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n152  For an analysis of how federal agencies tend to approach conflicting
tasks, see Eric Biber, Too Many Things to Do: How to Deal with the Dysfunctions
of Multiple-Goal Agencies, 33 HARV. ENVTL. L. REV. 1 (2009).





n153  Citizens United v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 558 U.S. 310 (2009). See also
McCutcheon v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 134 S. Ct. 1434 (2014); Burwell v. Hobby
Lobby Stores, Inc., 134 S. Ct. 2751 (2014).

                              450 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday

Hops variety trial expanded to include higher elevations

BYLINE: By Jane Moorman jmoorman@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words


FARMINGTON, N.M. >> New Mexico State University's Agricultural Science Center at
Farmington is partnering with Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colo. for the
second phase of its study of hops as an alternative crop for the Four Corners
region.

The researchers, Kevin Lombard at NMSU and Beth LaShell at FLC, are raising at
least nine different varieties of hops to determine yields, hop cone chemistry
and marketability at the different elevations of the region.

Funding for the replicated study is through U.S. Department of Agriculture
specialty crops block grants administered by each state's department of
agriculture.

"Fort Lewis' fields are at an elevation of 7,600 feet, while we are nearly 6,000
feet," said Lombard, NMSU faculty at the Farmington science center. "So this is
an elevation gradient type of test."

Lombard began studying 16 varieties of hops as a potential specialty crop in
2008 when an international shortage of hops caused pelletized hops prices to
rise 10-fold. The hops volatility led Four Corners brewers and growers to view
hops as an opportunity to diversify farming operations and they asked the NMSU
Agricultural Science Center at Farmington to determine the feasibility of
producing locally grown hops. Markets have since stabilized.

"Commercial craft brewing in northwest New Mexico and southwest Colorado
continues to see growth," Lombard said. "The region supports eight commercial
brewers and brew pubs. So there is a potential local market for the crop."

After the plants developed, the first harvest was held in 2011. Cascade variety
was the highest yield, followed by Crystal and Newport. Nugget, Horizon and
Galena varieties all had modest yields. It was determined that hops varieties
from Europe, such as Hallertauer, Fuggle and Saaz, showed poor growth in the
areas' high pH soils and dry conditions.

"In 2011, Three Rivers Brewery in Farmington blended the Cascade, Crystal and
Newport hops from our field trial to produce 201 gallons of Aggie Ale," said
Lombard. "The seasonal beer was named in honor of the NMSU Aggies and quickly
sold out."

The current study is evaluating four varieties from the original study and five
new varieties.

"This study is using certified virus-free materials grown from tissue culture.
The plantlets came from Summit lab at Fort Collins, Colo.," Lombard said. "In
the original study we used rhizomes, but there has been some concerns about
rhizomes potentially having an infestation of apple mosaic virus. Some of the
hops industry is converting over to tissue cultured plantlets that are certified
virus-free to avoid spreading unwanted viruses by propagating rhizomes that are
infested."

Just back from a hops farm tour in the Yakima, Wash., region, the memory of that
trip is fresh on Lombard's mind. "While we might be able to grow hops here,
potential growers need to be aware of how local, regional, national, and
international hop markets operate," he said. "Potential growers should put our
project in perspective when comparing Pacific Northwest regions such as Yakima
where the vast majority of the domestic crop is produced in valleys with hop
'ranches' as far as the eye can see, multiple generational experience and
unrivaled post-harvest infrastructure.

"As with any crop, raising hops requires knowledge of market potential before
planting and a long-term commitment. Speculators expecting to 'get rich' have
more to lose than gain."

The second phase of NMSU's hops study is to inform potential growers of the
risks involved in raising the crop before they venture into production. To
accomplish that, NMSU is offering a symposium in Farmington July 12-13.

"We hope people who are thinking about growing hops or thinking of commercially
brewing with fresh, non-pellet hops will attend," Lombard said.

"The emphasis will be placed on commercial, small-scale farm production and
marketing, with discussion of the pros and cons of growing and marketing hops."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              451 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

Green Money: Yuma schools get grants for gardens

BYLINE: Sarah Womer, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


Sept. 28--Alice Byrne Elementary School teacher Chris Jones remembers being
surprised at how many of her fourth-grade students had never been to a garden or
a farm before.

"Last year I took a couple of kids home, that I knew their parents, and showed
them my garden and one little boy -- we pulled a carrot out of the ground -- and
he just gasped. He had no idea that (carrots) came from the ground."

In an effort to expand agriculture education for students, Western Growers
Foundation awarded 50 schools from Arizona with $1,500 grants to start and
maintain a campus garden.

In addition to Alice Byrne, four other schools from Yuma were grantees,
including Kofa High School, St. Francis of Assisi School, Gowan Science Academy
and Yuma Lutheran School.

Rachel and Robert Barkley, of the Barkley Ag Enterprises LLP of Arizona, toured
school campuses in Yuma that received the grants to talk to students about
farming and begin the planting process with them.

"Barkley Ag sponsors many of the Alice Byrne School's garden activities while
other producers work closely with different schools," said Paula Olson, vice
president of marketing at Western Growers. "Producers such as Tanimura & Antle
are heavily involved with the Gowan Science Academy, a new district-sponsored
charter school that opened just last month in Yuma.

"It's very special to see such strong industry support for our kids and
schools," Olson added.

She noted that other local and regional specialty crop producers like JV Farms,
Pasquinelli Produce and Growers Company have also been great partners in
agriculture education and healthy eating in Yuma by supporting the Western
Growers Foundation School Gardens program and also donating both materials and
their time to schools.

"Every time we reach one child and educate them about the food they eat and how
to eat healthy, we help the whole community," said Rachel Barkley. "After all,
these could be the farmers of the future."

Barkley, who is also a teacher's aide at Alice Byrne, added that in order to be
a grant recipient, their application process included coming up with a budget
and a plan of how they would be able to maintain their school garden.

"We sat down with it and applied in April after we figured out what all we
needed," she said. "I wanted my school to have a garden. This school is near and
dear to me because I've been here for eight years."

After taking fourth-graders to the University of Arizona's Yuma Valley
Experiment Farm previously, she said that a lot of students were in shock as
they didn't realize all that went into farming fruits and vegetables that they
purchase in the grocery stores.

On Alice Byrne's campus, students will be expanding their small two-bed garden
to include herbs as well as vegetables and fruit.

Grant recipient schools were also awarded with a copy of the new "Arizona
Gardens for Learning" book developed by educators, nutritionists, state
officials and garden experts and featuring school gardens across the state.

Olson concluded that Western Growers was recently awarded with another $75,000
by the Arizona Department of Agriculture to give out another round of 50 grants
in the spring through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Specialty Crop
Block Grant. Schools interested in applying for the grants can visit
www.westerngrowersfoundation.org for more information.

Western Growers is an agriculture trade association based in Irvine, Calif.,
that represents specialty crop growers in Arizona and California.

Sarah Womer can be reached at swomer@yumasun.com or 539-6858. Find her on
Facebook at Facebook.com/YSSarahWomer or on Twitter at @YSSarahWomer.

___ (c)2013 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130928-YZ-Green-Money-Yuma-schools-get-grants-for-gardens-0928-20130928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2013 The Sun

                              452 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 4, 2006 Monday

China's goods prompt U.S. farmers' cry for help

BYLINE: Alexei Barrionuevo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1262 words

DATELINE: FRESNO COUNTY, California


For decades, the fiercely independent fruit and vegetable growers of California,
Florida and other states have been the only farmers in America who shunned
federal subsidies, delivering produce to the tables of millions of Americans on
their own.

But now, in the face of tough new competition, primarily from China, even these
groups are buckling. Produce farmers have joined forces for the first time,
forming a lobbying group to try to influence the farm bill that will be debated
in Congress in January.

Clearly, competitive pressures from abroad are squeezing fruit and vegetable
growers, whose garlic, broccoli, lettuce, strawberries and other products are a
mainstay of world kitchens. But the issue of whether the United States ought to
broaden farm subsidies beyond commodity crops like corn and cotton, which have
historically been protected, is a focus of intense debate.

''This is like the tectonic plates of farm policy shifting, because you have a
completely new player coming in and demanding money,'' said Kenneth Cook,
president of Environmental Working Group, a research group in Washington that
has been critical of farm subsidies, which are mandated by federal laws that
date to the Great Depression of the 1930s.

Although some farmers may be suffering, American consumers have been big
beneficiaries of less expensive food imports. On the U.S. wholesale market, for
example, Chinese garlic costs around half as much as garlic that is grown
domestically.

Existing U.S. farm subsidy policies have been the subject of violent protests
outside some World Trade Organization meetings, with detractors calling them an
antiquated way of subsidizing U.S. farmers at the expense of poorer ones. U.S.
fruit and vegetable growers, with their much smaller farms, have never been part
of this debate, in part because their crops yielded higher returns, did not need
much support and were never organized around a single policy goal.

But times have changed.

Here in the fertile San Joaquin Valley, Mike Mantelli has seen first hand the
substantial changes triggered by the increased import of Chinese garlic to the
United States. As the general manager of the largest American garlic company,
Christopher Ranch, he remembers when there were 1,200 acres, or 485 hectares, of
garlic planted on a 6,000-acre farm here a decade ago.

Today the company plants less than 300 acres because of lower demand for
California garlic, he said.

''The Chinese garlic totally caught us off guard and knocked us down,'' Mantelli
said recently as he checked on newly planted garlic bulbs. ''I think our
industry has hit rock bottom. Maybe now we can figure out how to make it a level
playing field.''

Mantelli joined the coalition of about 75 growers of specialty crops who have
united to grab a much bigger slice of the federal subsidy pie.

The group, representing growers of just about everything from broccoli to
strawberries to nuts and flowers and vineyards, has submitted a bill asking for
what probably would be billions of dollars for programs they say could help
their crops compete better in a tougher global marketplace.

As things stand, the federal farm subsidy program supplies more than $15 billion
to growers of five crops: corn, cotton, rice, wheat and soybeans. Those crops
are considered interchangeable commodities and are traded on world markets,
unlike fruits and vegetables, which are called specialty crops because their
taste and quality are viewed as highly variable.

While some vegetable and fruit groups have previously requested more funds, they
have never before mounted a united challenge. ''This is the first time these
groups have weighed in with a sense of organization and commitment,'' said
Clayton Yeutter, a former agriculture secretary and U.S. trade representative.

The proposed specialty crop bill, submitted in September, does not ask for the
kind of direct subsidies that have been accused of distorting trade and hurting
developing countries' agricultural industries.

Hoping to avoid a nasty battle with powerful U.S. farm-state politicians, the
specialty crop groups are asking instead for more money to help market their
products at home and overseas, as well as for research and conservation.

Still, the proposal is likely to get a rough reception. There are many other
federal budget priorities, and farm experts say there probably will be less
money allocated to the farm bill next year than in 2002, when there was a huge
increase.

Further, while commodity growers are sounding courteous about the fruit and
vegetable farmers' requests, they have historically enjoyed a near monopoly on
federal subsidies.

Fruit and vegetable farmers have been gaining influence, though. The group's
combined cash receipts of $52.2 billion rival or exceed those of the five major
commodity crops, which are expected to generate $52 billion this year

The produce farmers can also point to the competitive situation.

Chinese farmers, who are broadly subsidized, have the advantage in that their
nation's currency, the yuan, is tightly regulated to maximize trade
opportunities. And the country has a glut of workers for the labor-intensive
jobs of growing and harvesting fruits and vegetables.

''Of course consumers are benefiting now,'' said Peter Morici, an economist at
the University of Maryland business school and a former chief economist at the
U.S. International Trade Commission. ''But competition should not be based on
subsidies.''

Fruit and vegetable growers have the political advantage of being in states like
California, Florida and Arizona, which are likely to be critical in the 2008
presidential election. But it is unclear how important the farm vote will be to
the Democrats in the next election.

Under the proposed bill, an overseas marketing program would rise 75 percent to
$350 million a year. An existing specialty crop block-grant program would leap
tenfold to $500 million a year. And the government would buy at least $400
million of fruits and vegetables annually for school lunch programs. While the
total cost of the proposed bill has yet to be tallied, it will probably reach a
few billion dollars, coalition officials said.

Whether the fruit and vegetable farmers can win that much will depend in large
part on just how much money Congress allocates to farm spending next year.

If the farmers get what they want, consumers could benefit from more information
and choice at the grocery store, Morici of the University of Maryland said. At
the same time, American growers could become more efficient and competitive.

''Things that help farmers band together and compete are not inherently
protectionist or harmful,'' Morici said. ''It is not an unreasonable thing for a
fragmented industry to ask the government for assistance to make the virtues of
their industry better known.''

He added: ''Whatever money they put for research would benefit the consumer.
That would run down their price, and eventually that information would get
around the world.''

The U.S. agriculture secretary, Mike Johanns, said in a speech last month that
American farm policy needed to be ''equitable, predictable and beyond
challenge.'' Noting the fruit and vegetable farmers' proposal, he said farm
programs could no longer be decided among a few commodities in a few parts of
the country. ''That day has changed,'' Johanns said.

''We don't want handouts,'' Mantelli of Christopher Ranch said. ''You don't want
to just give people subsidies, because nobody learns from subsidies. But you
want to give them opportunities and resources and tools to make their industry
better.''

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              453 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Federal grant underwrites AgVenture

BYLINE: Reed Fujii, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Oct. 07--San Joaquin County's AgVenture program, which exposes the region's
agriculture bounty to thousands of third-grade students every year, is being
supported by more than $178,000 in federal funding.

The Specialty Crop Block Grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture was among
the 66 such grants, totaling $19.7 million, announced by state farm officials
this week.

"This grant funding is an important piece of our partnership with the USDA as we
work together to promote and protect a part of the food supply that is relied
upon in California, across the country and around the world," said Karen Ross,
secretary of the California Department of Food and Agriculture in an
announcement.

In San Joaquin County, AgVenture is overseen by the county Agricultural
Commissioner's Office and draws support from the San Joaquin Farm Bureau
Federation and other farming groups. More than 1,000 area farmers and ranchers
and other volunteers donate their time and expertise to the program.

Andrew Watkins, Farm Bureau president said Wednesday he welcomed the grant,
which will help support the educational program over the next three years.

A regular volunteer himself at AgVenture events, he said, "It's well worth it to
bring the farm to the kids that don't see it every day."

Displays, demonstrations and hand-on experiences of farm equipment, livestock
and many of hundreds of fruits and vegetables grown in the region are eye
openers for many of the youngsters, Watkins said. It's often the first time they
see where food comes from outside of a supermarket.

"It's connecting the food to the source," he said. "This gives them an
opportunity to experience and see agriculture."

The program outline calls for eight AgVenture field days for third-graders --
two in the coming fiscal year and three each in the second and third year. There
will also be three Healthy Snack Programs for five fourth-grade classes -- one
in each of the three years.

In all, AgVenture hopes to educate more than 11,000 third-grade students. Each
of the Healthy Snack programs will provide 120 fourth-graders with ideas on how
to include specialty crops in their diets.

-- Contact reporter Reed Fujii at (209) 546-8253 or rfujii@recordnet.com Follow
him on Twitter @ReedBiznews.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151007-SK-Federal-grant-underwrites-AgVenture-1007-20151007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record

                              454 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

Farm bill's expiration lamented

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


Oct. 02--Without fanfare, the 2008 farm bill expired Sunday night and while the
effects of not having a farm bill won't be devastating immediately to Ohio's
farmers, it could get to that point if one isn't passed before year's end,
experts said.

"We're at a really critical point without one now. We're going to be at a dire
point if we don't get a new bill by the end of the year," said Yvonne Lesicko,
senior director of legislative and regulatory policy for the Ohio Farm Bureau in
Columbus.

The great fear, said Roger Wise, a Fremont-area farmer and president of the Ohio
Farmers Union, is that any new farm bill before year's end will undoubtedly be
passed by a lame-duck session of Congress, meaning there will be no great
incentive to pass a bill that truly meets farmers' needs.

"I don't think it will be as good as it can be had we got it before the Sept. 30
expiration just because of the nature of lame-duck Congresses. But if we don't
get it soon, there could be dramatic effects on farmers, nutrition programs, and
even national security issues," Mr. Wise said.

Congress adjourned Sept. 19 without renewing the existing farm bill. Both houses
of Congress had proposed a replacement bill, but they were far apart on unifying
legislation with the House proposing a bill with $35 billion in cuts to meet
budget deficit restrictions and the Senate proposing cuts of $23 million.

Either way, cuts were going to happen, Ms. Lesicko said, but Ohio farmers were
hopeful a bill could be crafted that still met the needs of farmers without
making drastic reductions. But Congress adjourned without passing an extension
and with it now in recess until after the Nov. 8 election, there is no telling
when the matter will be taken up again.

In the meantime, several programs paid for by farm bill funding are expiring.

First on the list is MILC, or the Milk Income Loss Contract program, which
compensates dairy producers when domestic milk prices -- which can be volatile
-- fall below a specified level. MILC payments will be made through November,
but after that, dairy producers are out of luck.

Next to go is the Specialty Crops program, which could affect all northwest Ohio
fruit and vegetable growers and specialty nurseries. The program provides block
grants to help organizations and individuals pay for research, assistance, and
marketing for specialty crops and floriculture businesses.

Also to expire shortly due to lack of funding is the Conservation Reserve
program, which encourages farmers to convert highly erodible cropland or
environmentally sensitive acreage to vegetative cover, such as grasslands or
shade trees.

The CRP program has been particularly effective in northwest Ohio to control
flooding and promote wildlife.

"It's all kind of starting now as these programs start to expire and we'll get
progressively worse as we continue to go," Ms. Lesicko said.

At an undetermined point, theU.S. Department of Agriculture won't be able to
enter into new trade contracts, which will hit Ohio farmers particularly hard
and hurt programs designed to promote trade of commodities such as corn, wheat,
and soybeans, Ms. Lesicko said. "It's any person's guess as to what might
happen," she added.

For now, monies to help offset this summer's drought disaster are covered, and
payments to several northwest Ohio counties listed as disaster area will go to
farmers as scheduled. And overall, the 2008 law that expired on Sunday covers
all of 2012's crops.

"It's next year that we're worried about," Mr. Wise said.

The Farmers Union president said he believes funding levels in existing programs
in the 2008 farm bill are likely to be reduced in whatever replacement bill gets
passed either this year or early next year by the new Congress.

"I see consequences of not getting this done early and it's difficult to tell
how they'll manifest themselves. I think a lot of programs will be cut or
consolidated," Mr. Wise said.

"The thing about farm legislation is it's generally an investment. It's money
that creates a return," he said. "For example, it's said that you reap $7 for
every $1 that will be spent in the nutrition program.

"Generally, a farm bill is a safety net for farmers so that in poor years those
farms can remain in business. Farmers only plant and harvest once a year, yet
they have to provide for 12 months a year," Mr. Wise said.

Contact Jon Chavez at jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121002-TO-HLT-Farm-bill-s-expiration-lamented-1002-20121002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade

                              455 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday

Farm bill heads toward congressional approval \x97 and Bush veto

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 826 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON _ The House of Representatives on Wednesday will approve a five-year,
$280 billion-plus farm bill, accelerating an election-year collision with
President Bush.

Packed with subsidies, watered-down revisions and special goodies _ some popped
in at the last minute _ the massive farm bill faces a promised presidential
veto. The big political unknown is whether enough Republicans will abandon Bush
to render him powerless.

"I am deeply disappointed in the (bill) as it falls far short of the proposal my
administration put forward," Bush declared in a statement Tuesday afternoon. "If
this bill makes it to my desk, I will veto it."

A two-thirds vote in both the House and Senate is needed to overcome a veto.
That margin is all but guaranteed in the Senate, but the House will be a closer
call.

Officially called the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, the farm bill
devotes nearly three-quarters of its funding to food stamps and other nutrition
programs. It offers record spending for fruits and vegetables while largely
sustaining traditional crop subsidies.

Bush wanted the bill to ban all subsidy payments to farmers with incomes
exceeding $200,000. Instead, the bill bans one form of subsidy to farmers with
agricultural incomes exceeding $750,000. For a married couple, the outside
income limit will be $1.5 million.

Beyond the big-ticket items, the bill is a grab bag of Capitol Hill favorites,
many narrowly tailored.

The bill includes new "stress assistance" grants for farmers and ranchers. It
funds a University of Nebraska drought assistance center and directs
agricultural grants toward the acutely urban University of the District of
Columbia. It makes certain racehorses depreciable over three years instead of
the standard seven.

Lawmakers looking for details on Tuesday were still scouring the 673-page farm
bill conference report and accompanying 423-page explanatory statement, made
public about 24 hours before Wednesday's House vote. The conference report
reflects deals struck by negotiators over the past several months.

"It was written by the conference committee behind completely closed doors,"
complained Julie Sibbing, an agriculture and wetlands policy analyst for the
National Wildlife Federation.

Some critics cited as an example the $170 million included in the final farm
bill for distressed salmon fishermen in Washington, Oregon and California.
Neither the House nor Senate farm bills passed earlier included the money, but
it was a priority for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and her close ally, Rep. Mike
Thompson, D-Calif.

"It was simply `air-dropped' into the final bill in secret," charged House
Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio.

Thompson responded that the funding was supported by other Western lawmakers and
was "desperately needed" by communities adversely affected by the closure of
Pacific Ocean fishing areas. Low fish populations in the Sacramento and Columbia
rivers prompted the closures.

More than 550 farm, consumer and service organizations, ranging from the Texas
Peanut Growers Association to the Florida Sugar Cane League, likewise rallied in
support of the legislation.

"On balance, it's a fair bill," said Jack King, the manager of national affairs
for the California Farm Bureau Federation. "I think it represents what people
were looking for, in nutrition and conservation."

Farm groups favor the subsidies and new specialty-crop provisions, which include
an additional $1 billion to be spent on purchasing fruits and vegetables for
school snacks. Lawmakers further extended the bill's political appeal by how
they distributed funding.

The school snack program, for instance, expands to all 50 states the fruit and
vegetable purchases currently limited to schools in 14 states. In a similar
vein, the bill provides $224 million over five years for block grants to help
states promote fruits and vegetables. Every state, no matter how small its
specialty-crop production, is guaranteed at least $100,000 annually in grants.

At the behest of Upper Plains state lawmakers, whose corn and grain farmers
frequently lose crops to bad weather, the bill includes a new $3.8 billion
permanent disaster relief program. Negotiators made this more alluring to
farmers in states such as Florida and California by designating $800 million of
the total for specialty crops.

The Senate in December demonstrated the farm bill's overall political
popularity, approving its original version by a 79-14 margin. The House's
original approval margin of 231-191 last summer was misleadingly narrow, as
Republicans were unhappy with tax provisions that have since been removed.

___

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau on the World Wide Web at
www.mcclatchydc.com.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080513-BC-FARMBILL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                              456 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Governor Cuomo Announces Funding to Help Farms Join New York State Grown &
Certified Program

LENGTH: 1476  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  ernor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced funding to help New York fruit and
vegetable farmers join the New York State Grown & Certified program. $1.5
million is available through the Environmental Protection Fund to help farms
implement an Agricultural Environmental Management plan, and a reimbursement of
up to $1,000 is available for growers who participate in a third party audit of
safe food handling practices. Farmers must participate in programs supporting
good agricultural practices and environmental management to be eligible for New
York State Grown & Certified, and this funding will help more farms join the
certification program.





 "New York farms produce world-renowned, high-quality food, and the New York
State Grown & Certified program strengthens the link between producers and
consumers and promotes environmentally sustainable and safe practices," Governor
Cuomo said. "This funding will help more farmers certify their products to these
higher standards and access the many opportunities offered by New York State
Grown & Certified."



 Launched in August, the New York State Grown & Certified program assures
consumers that the food they are buying is local and produced to a higher
standard by requiring participating producers to adopt good agricultural
practices and enroll in an environmental management program.



 Reimbursement for Good Agricultural Practices Audits



 Administered through the United States Department of Agriculture, the New York
State Department of Agriculture and Markets Good Agricultural Practices program
verifies that safe food handling practices are being used on farms, from growing
and harvesting to packaging and handling. The Good Agricultural Practices
program certifies the fresh fruit and vegetable farms that have implemented the
necessary steps in their operations to minimize the possibility of product
contamination and food-borne illness in accordance with USDA regulations.



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, through a USDA
Specialty Crop Block Grant, is providing up to $1,000 to reimburse farms for
Good Agricultural Practices audits. More information about the Good Agricultural
Practices certification process and how to apply for the grant is available on
the new website. The Department has conducted 234 audits in 2016 so far, already
exceeding last year's total number of audits.



 Cornell University is a key partner in training and education for farmers as
part of the program. The university holds online courses and in-person training
throughout the year to help producers learn about the program and write their
own safe food handling farm plan prior to the third-party audit. More
information on Cornell University's training opportunities and how to sign up is
available here.



 Funding for Agricultural Environmental Management Plans



 The Governor today also announced $1.5 million is available for the
implementation of an Agricultural Environmental Management plan to assist fruit,
vegetable and other specialty crop growers in producing their products in an
environmentally responsible manner.



 Funding for the implementation of the Agricultural Environmental Management
plan is provided through the Environmental Protection Fund. Assisting specialty
crop farms to produce foods with the highest environmental standards will
protect and improve New York's natural resources, including water and soil
quality.



 New York's County Soil and Water Conservation Districts are eligible to apply
for the program on behalf of farmers. Maximum award amounts for projects are
$50,000. Project eligibility information and the Request for Proposals are
available here. Applications are due January 20, 2017.



 Benefits for Growers, Buyers and Consumers



 For growers, participation in Agricultural Environmental Management and Good
Agricultural Practices certification allows for greater access to programs,
especially New York State Grown & Certified, which includes a major marketing
campaign to promote New York producers who meet the program standards. This
includes on-product labels and promotional materials, such as a website, video
and sales materials, to encourage program participation among producers and to
educate retail, wholesale and institutional buyers on the value of the program.
Consumer advertising and retail promotion will begin this fall.



 The Good Agricultural Practices certification also provides producers access to
the Farm to School procurement pilot program, which requires growers selling to
school districts to be certified. The program also helps farms prepare for
potential regulation from the Food Safety Modernization Act.



 In addition, the Good Agricultural Practices program is significant for buyers.
By purchasing products from a farm that is certified, there is a reduction in
the potential for future food safety recalls, which can be costly to buyers and
also impact consumer confidence and loyalty. Many consumers are looking for
reassurance that the items they purchase in the supermarket have been properly
handled on the farm.



 State Agriculture Commissioner Ball said, "The GAP program ensures that our
growers are focused on standardized safe food handling practices in their daily
operations. These standards will be recognizable at every point in the food
supply chain and ultimately to the consumer. What's more, the AEM program helps
our growers produce products in a manner that reduces risk to our State's
precious natural resources. Being GAP certified and an AEM participant, our
growers are eligible for the New York State Grown & Certified program as well.
Thanks to Governor Cuomo, this program will help market our producers who are
meeting the growing consumer demand for food that is safely handled and grown in
an environmentally sustainable way."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "More and more
frequently, consumers are looking to buy food that is locally grown and
produced. I have been proud to support these programs, which expand markets for
our hardworking farmers and help make it easier for people to eat local, high
quality foods. I would like to thank the Governor and Commissioner for
recognizing the importance of investing in this important effort, which will
help to further bolster New York's leading industry."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Assemblyman Bill Magee said, "Training in
AEM concepts and GAP certification will help New York farms produce quality
products using good agricultural and environmental practices. The New York State
Grown & Certified label will help to increase consumer confidence in New York
grown products, and I encourage our farmers to make their applications through
their County Soil and Water Conservation Districts for the enrichment of their
farms, and to encourage and promote the NY buy local movement."



 Kathryn J. Boor, the Ronald P. Lynch Dean of the College of Agriculture and
Life Sciences as Cornell University, said, "As home to the National Good
Agricultural Practices (GAP) Program and the School of Integrative Plant
Science, which develops 'better plants, sustainably grown,' I applaud Governor
Cuomo's allocation of resources to fruit and vegetable growers currently
participating in the New York State Grown & Certified program and to those who
wish to be certified. Training is a critically important part of a GAP program,
and the college is pleased to offer an online produce safety course as well as
in-person trainings to help Empire State farmers meet their goals."



 Dean Norton, New York Farm Bureau President, said, "New York's farmers value
the quality and safety that goes into everything they produce. This includes
taking part in AEM and GAP programs that work with farmers to be good stewards
of the environment and have additional safe food handling protocols in place.
The additional steps the state is taking to increase access to these valuable
programs will not only benefit farmers but consumers as well who are looking to
New York's family farms for fresh, local food."



 Chairman of the New York State Soil and Water Conservation Committee Dale Stein
said, "The AEM program is the base program for all farms in New York State to
identify environmental concerns on their farms and to develop a plan to address
those concerns. With $1.5 million available to create AEM plans for their farms,
hundreds of farms will become more environmentally sustainable. Along with the
GAP program, consumers will know that the food they are buying is not only from
New York State but also grown by farmers interested in managing their farms in
an environmentally sound manner."







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              457 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Governor Cuomo Announces Funding to Help Farms Join New York State Grown &
Certified Program

LENGTH: 1476  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  ernor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced funding to help New York fruit and
vegetable farmers join the New York State Grown & Certified program. $1.5
million is available through the Environmental Protection Fund to help farms
implement an Agricultural Environmental Management plan, and a reimbursement of
up to $1,000 is available for growers who participate in a third party audit of
safe food handling practices. Farmers must participate in programs supporting
good agricultural practices and environmental management to be eligible for New
York State Grown & Certified, and this funding will help more farms join the
certification program.





 "New York farms produce world-renowned, high-quality food, and the New York
State Grown & Certified program strengthens the link between producers and
consumers and promotes environmentally sustainable and safe practices," Governor
Cuomo said. "This funding will help more farmers certify their products to these
higher standards and access the many opportunities offered by New York State
Grown & Certified."



 Launched in August, the New York State Grown & Certified program assures
consumers that the food they are buying is local and produced to a higher
standard by requiring participating producers to adopt good agricultural
practices and enroll in an environmental management program.



 Reimbursement for Good Agricultural Practices Audits



 Administered through the United States Department of Agriculture, the New York
State Department of Agriculture and Markets Good Agricultural Practices program
verifies that safe food handling practices are being used on farms, from growing
and harvesting to packaging and handling. The Good Agricultural Practices
program certifies the fresh fruit and vegetable farms that have implemented the
necessary steps in their operations to minimize the possibility of product
contamination and food-borne illness in accordance with USDA regulations.



 The New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, through a USDA
Specialty Crop Block Grant, is providing up to $1,000 to reimburse farms for
Good Agricultural Practices audits. More information about the Good Agricultural
Practices certification process and how to apply for the grant is available on
the new website. The Department has conducted 234 audits in 2016 so far, already
exceeding last year's total number of audits.



 Cornell University is a key partner in training and education for farmers as
part of the program. The university holds online courses and in-person training
throughout the year to help producers learn about the program and write their
own safe food handling farm plan prior to the third-party audit. More
information on Cornell University's training opportunities and how to sign up is
available here.



 Funding for Agricultural Environmental Management Plans



 The Governor today also announced $1.5 million is available for the
implementation of an Agricultural Environmental Management plan to assist fruit,
vegetable and other specialty crop growers in producing their products in an
environmentally responsible manner.



 Funding for the implementation of the Agricultural Environmental Management
plan is provided through the Environmental Protection Fund. Assisting specialty
crop farms to produce foods with the highest environmental standards will
protect and improve New York's natural resources, including water and soil
quality.



 New York's County Soil and Water Conservation Districts are eligible to apply
for the program on behalf of farmers. Maximum award amounts for projects are
$50,000. Project eligibility information and the Request for Proposals are
available here. Applications are due January 20, 2017.



 Benefits for Growers, Buyers and Consumers



 For growers, participation in Agricultural Environmental Management and Good
Agricultural Practices certification allows for greater access to programs,
especially New York State Grown & Certified, which includes a major marketing
campaign to promote New York producers who meet the program standards. This
includes on-product labels and promotional materials, such as a website, video
and sales materials, to encourage program participation among producers and to
educate retail, wholesale and institutional buyers on the value of the program.
Consumer advertising and retail promotion will begin this fall.



 The Good Agricultural Practices certification also provides producers access to
the Farm to School procurement pilot program, which requires growers selling to
school districts to be certified. The program also helps farms prepare for
potential regulation from the Food Safety Modernization Act.



 In addition, the Good Agricultural Practices program is significant for buyers.
By purchasing products from a farm that is certified, there is a reduction in
the potential for future food safety recalls, which can be costly to buyers and
also impact consumer confidence and loyalty. Many consumers are looking for
reassurance that the items they purchase in the supermarket have been properly
handled on the farm.



 State Agriculture Commissioner Ball said, "The GAP program ensures that our
growers are focused on standardized safe food handling practices in their daily
operations. These standards will be recognizable at every point in the food
supply chain and ultimately to the consumer. What's more, the AEM program helps
our growers produce products in a manner that reduces risk to our State's
precious natural resources. Being GAP certified and an AEM participant, our
growers are eligible for the New York State Grown & Certified program as well.
Thanks to Governor Cuomo, this program will help market our producers who are
meeting the growing consumer demand for food that is safely handled and grown in
an environmentally sustainable way."



 Senate Agriculture Committee Chair Senator Patty Ritchie said, "More and more
frequently, consumers are looking to buy food that is locally grown and
produced. I have been proud to support these programs, which expand markets for
our hardworking farmers and help make it easier for people to eat local, high
quality foods. I would like to thank the Governor and Commissioner for
recognizing the importance of investing in this important effort, which will
help to further bolster New York's leading industry."



 Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Assemblyman Bill Magee said, "Training in
AEM concepts and GAP certification will help New York farms produce quality
products using good agricultural and environmental practices. The New York State
Grown & Certified label will help to increase consumer confidence in New York
grown products, and I encourage our farmers to make their applications through
their County Soil and Water Conservation Districts for the enrichment of their
farms, and to encourage and promote the NY buy local movement."



 Kathryn J. Boor, the Ronald P. Lynch Dean of the College of Agriculture and
Life Sciences as Cornell University, said, "As home to the National Good
Agricultural Practices (GAP) Program and the School of Integrative Plant
Science, which develops 'better plants, sustainably grown,' I applaud Governor
Cuomo's allocation of resources to fruit and vegetable growers currently
participating in the New York State Grown & Certified program and to those who
wish to be certified. Training is a critically important part of a GAP program,
and the college is pleased to offer an online produce safety course as well as
in-person trainings to help Empire State farmers meet their goals."



 Dean Norton, New York Farm Bureau President, said, "New York's farmers value
the quality and safety that goes into everything they produce. This includes
taking part in AEM and GAP programs that work with farmers to be good stewards
of the environment and have additional safe food handling protocols in place.
The additional steps the state is taking to increase access to these valuable
programs will not only benefit farmers but consumers as well who are looking to
New York's family farms for fresh, local food."



 Chairman of the New York State Soil and Water Conservation Committee Dale Stein
said, "The AEM program is the base program for all farms in New York State to
identify environmental concerns on their farms and to develop a plan to address
those concerns. With $1.5 million available to create AEM plans for their farms,
hundreds of farms will become more environmentally sustainable. Along with the
GAP program, consumers will know that the food they are buying is not only from
New York State but also grown by farmers interested in managing their farms in
an environmentally sound manner."







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              458 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

NMSU, Pena Blanca Sunflower Project plan first festival in August

BYLINE: Jane Moorman/jmoorman@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


PENA BLANCA   Fields of yellow sunflowers raising their blossoms to the sun are
the focus of New Mexico's newest festival.

The Pena Blanca Sunflower Project will host its first Sunflower Festival from 8
a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, Aug. 25-26, at the Pena Blanca Community
Center on NM 22.

"Many people have a tradition of going to the Dixon Orchards in the fall as a
family outing. They passed through our community on that trip," said Patrice
Harrison-Inglis, coordinator of the project. "Since the Los Conchas Fire has
caused the canyon to be closed to the public this year, we decided to offer an
event where families may continue that tradition of an outing in the country.

"A field of sunflowers is an uplifting sight. I think people will want to put
our festival on their annual calendar," she said.

Visitors to the festival will be able to take a hayride around the area to view
fields of sunflowers. The tour will enable photographers to capture shots from a
distance and up close.

A variety of festival activities, including educational agricultural exhibits
and vendors with sunflower products, will be at the community center.

Admission is $1 for adults. Children under 44-inches in height will be admitted
free. To reach Pena Blanca, exit I-25 at the Santo Domingo exit and travel west
toward Cochiti Lake; signage will indicate the community center location.

The Pena Blanca Sunflower Project is an economic development project supported
by the New Mexico Department of Agriculture and New Mexico State University's
Cooperative Extension Service.

Several farmers in the Pena Blanca area and Native American pueblos have planted
sunflowers this year under the direction of Del Jimenez, NMSU Extension
agricultural specialist at NMSU's Sustainable Agriculture Science Center at
Alcalde.

"We've always known sunflowers would grow here because of the wildflowers that
are along the roads and in our fields," Jimenez said. "We are looking for a crop
that will sustain itself, be useful for the people growing it and have a
market."

Sunflowers are a native North American plant believed to have existed naturally
as early as 3,000 B.C. in an area that is now New Mexico and Arizona. The seeds
were primarily used for food by the human inhabitants. When ground, the
resulting flour was used in bread and cake. When cracked, the seeds were eaten
like nuts. Sunflowers seeds were also a source of purple dye used as body paint
and to decorate baskets and textiles.

Today, the bright yellow flower yields seeds that are processed for cooking oil,
confectionary use in snacks and birdseed. Nationally, 2.7 billion pounds of
seeds were produced in 2011 with a value of $582.5 billion. Sunflowers are
primarily grown in the Great Plains areas of Kansas, Colorado, South Dakota and
North Dakota. Some Eastern New Mexico farmers raise sunflowers as an alternative
crop when the market value is higher than for other corps such as cotton, corn
or wheat.

Harrison-Inglis envisions the Pena Blanca Sunflower Project as an economic
development vehicle for her community. With a New Mexico Department of
Agriculture specialty crop block grant, she planted a demonstration field in
2011 to show her neighbors the possibilities. This year, many neighbors have
followed suit and planted either oilseed or confectionary varieties.

"I see Pena Blanca as 'the sunflower place.' Kind of like Hatch is the green
chile place," she said. "This area is the perfect location for a small-scale
specialty crop and a beautiful festival every fall where people from Albuquerque
and Santa Fe could come out and enjoy seeing the fields."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NMSU Extension agriculture specialist Del Jimenez, right, looks at a
sunflower blossom with Patrice Harrison-Inglis, creator of the Pena Blanca
Sunflower Project. The public is invited to attend the Sunflower Festival, Aug.
25-26, to see the fields in bloom.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              459 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

USA: Michigan Culinary Tourism Alliance Launches New Event with Unique Taste

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: LANSING


LANSING, Nov. 24 -- The State Of Michigan has issued following Press Release:

The Michigan Culinary Tourism Alliance, a partnership between the Michigan
Department of Agriculture (MDA), Travel Michigan and the Michigan Restaurant
Association, will hold a conference entitled "Creating Michigan Culinary
Destinations" on January 10, 2011 at the Kellogg Hotel and Conference Center in
East Lansing.

This one-day event will bring together a diverse range of Michigan businesses in
an effort to network and share ideas to promote, enhance and celebrate
Michigan's many culinary assets.

"Michigan has an outstanding variety of food and dining experiences," said Linda
Jones, co-chair of the event. "This event is about growing this industry and
ultimately growing Michigan. It's about time we start taking advantage of rising
interest in this segment of tourism." (Listen to a podcast about the event
here.)

Culinary tourism is defined as "the pursuit of unique and memorable eating and
drinking experiences." According to the Travel Industry Association (TIA),
culinary tourism is a growing trend of the travel market as people are
increasingly planning their travel around authentic, educational and
entertaining food and beverage experiences. The popularity of this growing
segment is also reflected by the increase of cable television channels and shows
that focus on the link between travel and food.

"Food is a significant aspect of the tourist's experience of a destination,
driven by the growing trends of authenticity and the need to have a high-quality
experience," said Ian Yeoman, a leading travel and tourism trend analyst.

"There are a lot of influences that make this conference and the idea very
unique," says Susan Smalley, Director of C.S. Mott Group for Sustainable Food
Systems of Michigan State University. "Sustainable and local food systems will
also be a focus of this event and how we put a 'Michigan' twist on what we do."

This inaugural event features speakers Ari Weinzweig, co-founding partner and
CEO of Zingerman's in Ann Arbor; Debbie Geiger, owner of Florida-based Geiger &
Associates, a public relations firm specializing in media marketing for travel
industry clients; and Melody Johnson, from the International Culinary Tourism
Association, a tourism industry veteran and restaurant owner.

This event is funded by a grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
with matching funds provided by MDA's Michigan Grape and Wine Industry Council.
The grant was one of 745 selected by USDA under the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, a program designed to enhance the competitiveness of U.S. specialty
crops.

Registration for this event is $50 and is limited to 150 individuals. For more
information, visit the website of the Michigan Grape and Wine Industry Council
at www.michiganwines.com/CulinaryTourism.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              460 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Grow some seed, save some seed: Workshops tell you how

BYLINE: By HEATHER HACKING-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 486 words


CHICO   When humans gather up their seeds in the spring, we think of planting in
rich soil, providing a path for full sun, and adding water.

The plants will grow and we'll gather food.

But it doesn't end there.

The rest of the story is for plants to create seeds for an ongoing cycle.

Cultivating Community North Valley begins a series next year to help humans help
plants.

Ideally, participants would be able to attend each of the six workshops over
nine months, said Katrina Djberof, a workshop organizer.

The first class will be on planting cool season crops, with saving seeds in
mind.

February will feature the know-how for transplanting those cool-season crops to
the yard. By March, it will be time for the workshop on planting warm season
seeds.

The timetable for April will see the transplanting of warm season crops.

May grows into "the science of seed and seed saving," and by June it's time for
"harvesting and winnowing the cool season crops."

In June, the workshop will focus on harvest of those warm season crops.

Then in August, the series will end with a workshop on water processing warm
season crops.

Cultivating Community North Valley has operated through a Specialty Crop Block
Grant from the California Department of Food and Agriculture. The workshops will
be the final phase of the funding, Djberof explained.

Teaching about saving seeds seems an appropriate finale, she said, and feeds
into the newly-established seed lending library at the Chico library at East
First and Sherman avenues.

At the library, people can borrow seeds, with the intention of bringing back
seeds to lend to others.

The success of the program will hinge on people learning how to bring back seeds
that are viable.

Part of the goal for Cultivating Community has been to provide the know-how for
sustainable food production. The cost for low-income growers is free. The
website ishttp://cultivatingcommunitynv.org .

Room for seeds in the garden

"Just because you're growing for seed doesn't mean you still can't harvest,"
Djberof explained.

"You just leave a section to grow out and go to seed," she explained.

Redwood Seed Co. will be working closely with the project, including providing
instruction.

The hope, Djberof said, is that after the series is completed, there will be
many people in the community who understand the whole process   and can teach
their neighbors.

Seed sharing library

The seed sharing program at the Chico library has been rolling for several
months. A table at the library includes a file folder stocked with packets ready
to plant when the weather warms.

Library staff has also filled a table with books about the process.

A member of the library staff said people seem interested, and Friday several
people were looking at books, perhaps thinking of spring.

For a previous article about the new project: http://goo.gl/u3pXCs.

Reach Heather Hacking at 896-7758,hhacking@chicoer.com , or on Twitter
@HeatherHacking.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The newly-established seed sharing program at the Chico library has
seed packets and books for people to learn more about the process of growing to
save seeds. An upcoming workshop series about planting also will provide more
information.(Bill Husa/Staff File Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here
.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              461 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

Grow some seed, save some seed: Workshops tell you how

BYLINE: By HEATHER HACKING-Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 486 words


CHICO   When humans gather up their seeds in the spring, we think of planting in
rich soil, providing a path for full sun, and adding water.

The plants will grow and we'll gather food.

But it doesn't end there.

The rest of the story is for plants to create seeds for an ongoing cycle.

Cultivating Community North Valley begins a series next year to help humans help
plants.

Ideally, participants would be able to attend each of the six workshops over
nine months, said Katrina Djberof, a workshop organizer.

The first class will be on planting cool season crops, with saving seeds in
mind.

February will feature the know-how for transplanting those cool-season crops to
the yard. By March, it will be time for the workshop on planting warm season
seeds.

The timetable for April will see the transplanting of warm season crops.

May grows into "the science of seed and seed saving," and by June it's time for
"harvesting and winnowing the cool season crops."

In June, the workshop will focus on harvest of those warm season crops.

Then in August, the series will end with a workshop on water processing warm
season crops.

Cultivating Community North Valley has operated through a Specialty Crop Block
Grant from the California Department of Food and Agriculture. The workshops will
be the final phase of the funding, Djberof explained.

Teaching about saving seeds seems an appropriate finale, she said, and feeds
into the newly-established seed lending library at the Chico library at East
First and Sherman avenues.

At the library, people can borrow seeds, with the intention of bringing back
seeds to lend to others.

The success of the program will hinge on people learning how to bring back seeds
that are viable.

Part of the goal for Cultivating Community has been to provide the know-how for
sustainable food production. The cost for low-income growers is free. The
website is http://cultivatingcommunitynv.org.

Room for seeds in the garden

"Just because you're growing for seed doesn't mean you still can't harvest,"
Djberof explained.

"You just leave a section to grow out and go to seed," she explained.

Redwood Seed Co. will be working closely with the project, including providing
instruction.

The hope, Djberof said, is that after the series is completed, there will be
many people in the community who understand the whole process   and can teach
their neighbors.

Seed sharing library

The seed sharing program at the Chico library has been rolling for several
months. A table at the library includes a file folder stocked with packets ready
to plant when the weather warms.

Library staff has also filled a table with books about the process.

A member of the library staff said people seem interested, and Friday several
people were looking at books, perhaps thinking of spring.

For a previous article about the new project: http://goo.gl/u3pXCs.

Reach Heather Hacking at 896-7758, hhacking@chicoer.com, or on Twitter
@HeatherHacking.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The newly-established seed sharing program at the Chico library has
seed packets and books for people to learn more about the process of growing to
save seeds. An upcoming workshop series about planting also will provide more
information. (Bill Husa/Staff File Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              462 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 24, 2013, Friday

FEEDING THE FUTURE;
Elementary students grow what they eat

BYLINE: Lydia Nuzum, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 846 words


ELEANOR - In a multi-purpose room at Putnam County's George Washington
Elementary, Olivia Faulkner, 7, gestures excitedly at a diagram of the water
cycle.

"When water gets really hot, it evaporates," she says, her finger following an
arrow to a crayon cloud. "Precipitation is when it falls down into the soil.
Either on our heads or in the soil ..."

Down the hallway, fifth-graders Mackenzie Call and Kayla Keblesh tell their
friends how plants reproduce and grow.

"Plants use xylem to move materials like sugar up, and they use phloem to move
materials like sugar toward the roots," Keblesh explains.

Outside, 9-year-old Riley Long hoists a freshly uprooted turnip in the air for
his teachers to see.

"Look!" he says.

Riley's turnip was grown in the elementary school's new high tunnel, the most
recent addition to the school's curriculum - and its menu.

GW Elementary held an open house Thursday morning for parents and the community
to see the recently constructed high tunnel, a type of temporary greenhouse made
of polyethylene that holds heat from the sun. Students in kindergarten through
the fifth grade have spent weeks cultivating peas, beets, cabbage, lettuce,
carrots and other "cool-weather" vegetables currently in season.

Chuck Talbot, the West Virginia University Extension Service agriculture and
natural resources agent for Putnam County, said this project is the first of its
kind in the county, and he hopes the hands-on experience will spark a greater
interest in learning and health with the children.

"Everyone knows our specialty crop is actually our kids," Talbot said. "That's
how I approach it. This is the time to get them excited and to cultivate that
interest. A lot of these kids are taking this home; they're starting their own
gardens with their parents."

Talbot received a Specialty Crop Block Grant through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture worth $12,000 and approached several schools before GW Elementary
agreed to pilot the program. Several state and national mandates, including the
Feed to Achieve Act passed by the state Legislature this year, will mean a
greater emphasis on nutrition in schools, something WVU Extension Agent and
nutritionist Sarah Sturgill said is key to developing positive attitudes about
food as an adult.

"The kids are trying the vegetables; they're trying things like turnips and
radishes and things they might not try otherwise," she said. "We talked about
what they liked and what they didn't like, and why they should keep trying
things even if they don't like them right now."

The high tunnel is the newest innovation in GW's teaching initiatives. According
to principal Mary Beth Myers, the school has implemented other new programs to
introduce interactive learning to the students.

Globally Prepared Students, or GPS, is a program the school developed for its
kindergarten, first- and second-graders two years ago that teaches 18 separate
units on subjects such as organisms, government, mapping and directions, solids
and liquids, and other science and social studies areas that correspond with
state standards. Students can choose what subject they want to learn about every
eight weeks, and the 18 units are completed over the course of three years.

"Parents tell me that's what they come home and talk about. Now, it's the high
tunnel and GPS - that's what they go home and tell their parents about," Myers
said.

Ten Putnam County master gardeners oversaw the high tunnel's construction. They
built the raised beds and helped the children select what plants they would
grow.

"We're kind of the workforce," said Kathy Walker, president of the Master
Gardeners of Putnam County. "The day we built the raised beds it was so neat -
four of us came and thought, 'we'll get a few of them built today.' It was like
an Amish barn-raising. People came from everywhere with all of their tools. I
think we counted 17 parents at one time. We built every one of the beds and had
them filled with soil in three and a half hours. It was wonderful."

The vegetables the students have grown have been incorporated in the school's
salad bar at lunch, and flowers grown in the high tunnel have been used to fill
the pots in front of the school. Myers said math and science units have been
seamlessly incorporated into the students' learning experience in a way that is
fun and interactive.

"It's not sitting still and doing something out of a book. It is active
learning," she said. "The students are always excited, and they're very
engaged."

kenny kemp | Gazette photos

ABOVE: Third-grade students Isaac Seabolt and Emily Glandon, both 9, collect
onions and carrots from their garden plot at George Washington Elementary in
Eleanor. TOP: WVU Extension Agent Chuck Talbot helps Noah Thompson, 10, (left),
and first-grader Hunter Toney weigh carrots Thursday in George Washington
Elementary's new high tunnel.

George Washington Elementary School cook Pat Lyons unwraps the salad bar for
Thursday's lunch. The lettuce, broccoli and onions on the salad bar were grown
by students.

Reach Lydia Nuzum at lydia.nuzum@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5100.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              463 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Almond Board of California to invest in sustainable farming of almonds

SECTION: CONSUMER MARKETS; Dried Fruit

LENGTH: 357 words


Almond Board of California (ABC) in the US has announced a $4.7m investment in
82 projects to explore the potential of new farming and sustainability practices
to develop almond production.

The research will also be funded by the California Department of Food and
Agriculture's (CDFA) 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBG) programme, and State
Water Efficiency and Enhancement Programme (SWEEP).

The investment is aimed at improving irrigation efficiency and air quality, as
well as protecting honey bees that pollinate almond crop.

The sustainable almond farming uses economically viable production practices
that are based upon scientific research, therefore resulting in nutritious and
safe food product, ABC stated.

Almond Board CEO Richard Waycott said: "By continually investing in research, we
challenge ourselves to do more and continue to pave the way for almonds to be an
economically, environmentally and social responsible crop for California."

Funding from the SCBG programme will be shared among tenprojects for almond
operations covered under farm definition, data-driven block-level yield
prediction for seasonal nitrogen fertilisation strategies in almond orchards
across the state, and development of versatile Phytophthora-resistant almond and
walnut rootstocks using host-induced gene silencing.

Under the SWEEP, a total of 528 agricultural projects worth $55.7m have been
selected to receive funding to invest in irrigation systems and practices that
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and save water.

The funding will support conversion from traditional flood irrigation to
water-saving microirrigation systems and installation of soil moisture sensors
and in-field weather stations that provide important information for determining
when irrigation is needed.

The almond growers will also use sand filters that keep irrigation systems at a
constant pressure and flush particles that can cause blockages and inefficiency.

Image: Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory researchers install sensors in a
Stanislaus County almond orchard to better understand its groundwater recharge
potential. Photo: courtesy of Almond Board of California.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              464 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

Community calendar (April 15-19)

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1009 words


Monday

Mesilla Valley Christian Schools, 3850 Stern Drive, hosts a visitors night open
house at 6:30 p.m. Monday. Come see what MVCS is all about. Everyone is welcome.
MVCS is a college prep, non-denominational K-12th grade school, Inspiring
Character, Faith in God and the Love for Learning. RSVP or info: mvcsonline.com
or 575-525-8515.

Thomas Branigan Library, 200 E. Picacho Ave., will celebrate National Library
Week by hosting the following presentations, How to Start a Business from 10
a.m. to noon and How to Choose and Buy a Franchise from 1 to 3 p.m. Monday;
Export or Import, Follow the Flow from 10 a.m. to noon and Working with your
Financial Statements from 1 to 3 p.m. Tuesday; Job Search and the Internet from
2 to 4 p.m. Thursday. All presentations will be held at the library. Register
online, library.las-cruces.org, click on library calendar or 575-528-4005. Info:
Carmella Lee, 575-528-4024 or email calee@las-cruces.org

Tuesday

The Board of Commissioners of the Mesilla Valley Public Housing Authority will
meet at noon Tuesday in the conference room, Housing Authority located at 926 S.
San Pedro St. The agenda will include an executive session closed to the public
pursuant to c10-15-1 (H)(7) NMSA 1978 regarding pending litigation and pursuant
to c 10-15-1(H)(2) NMSA 1978 regarding limited personnel matters. Info:
575-528-2000.

The Mesilla Valley Regional Dispatch Authority will sponsor a blood drive. The
United Blood Service Bloodmobile will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday at the
MVRDA parking lot, 130 W. Lohman Ave. To schedule an appointment, log onto
bloodhero.com or call Debi Lopez, 575-526-0795.

The Doña Ana Camera Club will meet at 7 p.m. Tuesday at Southwest Environmental
Center, 275 N. Downtown Mall. Presentation by Nicolas Bañales on
"Photojournalism"s. Also Pat Hulser will present "10 minutes with Annie
Leibowitz." The "10 minutes with" presentations highlight individuals who have
had great influence on photography. Camera club members will be showing their
photographs showing "Natural or Man Made Symmetry". Info: dacameraclub.org or
575-524-1288.

Behavioral Health Planning Council Subcommittee meetings will be ASASC/Medicaid
at 10 am and CASC at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Child Support building, 653 Utah
Ave.

New Mexico Department of Agriculture is hosting two workshops at 10 a.m. Tuesday
at NMDA, 3190 S. Espina St., in Las Cruces, and at 9 a.m. April 25 at the Santa
Fe Farmers' Market Institute, 1607 Paseo de Peralta, in Santa Fe. The workshops
are to help potential applicants understand the Specialty Crops Program and the
process for completing an application that best represents their proposed
project. Funds are made available through USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program. Applications must be submitted to NMDA on or before May 24. Info:
nmda.nmsu.edu or 575-646-4929.

Wednesday

Living Well with Diabetes seminar will take place from 6 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at
Lifecare Center, 1165 Commerce Drive. Refreshments and free screening available.
Diabetes doesn't have to manage your life. Classes from Las Palmas Diabetes
Treatment Center help you understand the disease, so you can manage it better
and start enjoying like again. RSVP or info: 915-521-2100 or 915-521-2176.

Great Conversations On Campus will host Dr. Harvey Stone from 6:30 to 8 p.m.
Wednesday in room 148, Corbett Center. The topic is Earth Day 2013. Free and
open to the public. For more information, contact Muhammad Dawood at
dawood@nmsu.edu

The Yappy Hour will be from 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at St. Clair Winery and
Bistro, 1720 Avenida de Mesilla. Door prizes, raffle and free treats for
pooches. Order your favorite foods off the menu. There will be an early Mother's
Day "shopportunity," with Miche handbags, jewelry, art and more available for
purchase. $5 at the door, benefits DACHS and SNAP. Well-behaved, leashed dogs
welcome. Info: 575-642-2648.

Mesilla Valley Audubon Society program "Scaled Quail: Modeling Habitat for
Conservation" will be at 7 p.m. Wednesday at the Village at Northrise, Hallmark
Building, 2882 N. Roadrunner Pkwy. Presented by Forrest East, winner of MVAS's
Richard Bischoff Memorial Scholarship. The goal of Forrest's project is to
develop an understanding of the possible effects of brush control, specifically
tebuthiuron treatment, on the habitat of scaled quail. Info: LuAnn Kilday,
575-640-6993 or email l_kilday@hotmail.com

The Center for Latin American and Border Studies presents "Chicano Literary
Journals in Spanish: Creating Cultural Bridges in the U.S. / Mexico Border" by
Jescs Rosales, associate professor of Spanish (Chicano Literature), Arizona
State University, at 4 p.m. Wednesday at Nason House, 1070 University Ave. This
talk is about the importance that Chicano literaryjournals   specifically those
that publish in Spanish   have in U.S./Mexico border culture. Free. Info: Seth
Wilson, 575-646-6814 or email sewilson@nmsu.edu

The Minnesota Club of Las Cruces will meet for lunch at noon Wednesday April 17
at the Golden Corral, 601 Telshor Blvd. All former Minnesotans are invited. If
interested we will demo the card game "500."

Thursday

The Big Band Dance Club will host a dance from 8 to 10 p.m. Thursday at the
Court Youth Center, 402 W. Court Ave. Music by DJ Mike D'Arcy. Dance ballroom
styles including country and swing. Admission is $7. Info: 575-526-6504.

Writer and climate change expert Harvey Stone will give two public talk at 7
p.m. Thursday and Friday at the Rio Grande Theater, 211 N. Downtown Mall. The
topic will be "Climate Dominoes: Which Way Will They Fall?" Both talks are free.
Sponsored by the Southwest Environmental Center, City of Las Cruces, Las Cruces
Green Chamber of Commerce and NMSU Honors College. Info: 575-522-5552.

Friday

The Coalition for Pets and People and the ASCMV will host their second "Senior
Dogs for Seniors Adoption Event" from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Friday at Munson Center,
975 S. Mesquite St. Senior dogs will be available for adoption on-site and
pamphlets for the DACHS adoption program vouchers will be available for fee
assistance.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              465 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 22, 2008 Friday

Locally grown produce trend in food, agriculture

BYLINE: Bill Jackson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


Feb. 22--There are five key driving forces impacting agriculture and small
farmers and ranchers are in a position to take advantage of them, an official
with the Colorado Department of Agriculture said Thursday.

Tom Lipetsky, director of the markets division of the department, was the
keynote speaker at the 2008 Colorado Agriculture Big & Small Conference and
Trade Show. The event continues through Saturday at the 4-H Building in Island
Grove Regional Park.

Fred Petersen, director of the Weld County office of Colorado State University
Extension, said about 125 people were registered for the first day of the
conference, designed for organic and small acreage producers, and 100 were
expected for today's and Saturday's sessions.

Lipetsky said the key driving forces impacting agriculture in 2008 include the
rise of the "locavore," food safety, technology, global opportunities, and the
Farm Bill, which is being debated in Congress.

The locavore, he said, is a trend by consumers who are actively seeking locally
grown and/or processed products. A survey conducted recently by CSU indicated
that 92 percent of Colorado consumers would buy state-grown and produced
products if available. The survey also revealed that those consumers who
responded to the survey considered agriculture the most important economic
sector in the state.

That survey is backed, he said, by the rise of farmer's markets across the
state, which have increased from about 20 in 1996 to more than 70 last year. And
chefs surveyed by the National Restaurant Association indicated that locally
grown produce was No. 2 on their list of trends in that industry.

"Just in case you wanted to know, bite-size desserts were No. 1," Lipetsky said.

Food safety, he said, "needs to be a given and never a question," adding that
the trend of branded products on the shelves of grocery outlets provides
consumers with verification and certification of where specific products come
from and who is responsible for them.

Later this year, the state's agriculture department will join the national Food
Industry Market-Make program which connects retailers, consumers and schools
with local producers and locally produced products on the Internet. The new web
site will allow consumers and others to locate local farmer's markets or
roadside stands available in specific areas of the state, Lipetsky said.

Local producers can also take advantage of export opportunities. In 2007, $900
million of Colorado products were shipped to 103 countries, Lipetsky said, and
while the majority of those were meat products there are other opportunities
available.

One of every three Colorado food companies sold products to international
markets last year, he said, noting that just 5 percent of the world's consumers
live in the United States, so there opportunities available.

The Farm Bill, meanwhile, could mean additional money to Colorado in the area of
specialty crops development and marketing. In the past, the state has received
$100,000 a year from the Specialty Crops Block Grant program and under the new
farm bill that could increase to $500,000 annually.

"We will need your help in identifying areas where that funding should be used."
Lipetsky said.

Breakout: The 2008 Colorado Agriculture Big & Small Conference continues today
and Saturday at the 4-H Building in Island Grove Regional Park in north Greeley.
Registration is available at the door. Cost is $40 per day. For more
information, call (970) 304-6535.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080222-GY-Locally-grown-produce-trend-in-food-agriculture-0222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2008 Greeley Tribune

                              466 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 20, 2001 Thursday

N.D. gets $1.9 million block grant for ag

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 236 words


North Dakota got a $1.9 million boost to promote specialty crops and value-added
agriculture projects, funding that will help farmers get closer to the
processing and marketing of the crops they grow. "We're finally getting real
leverage in our efforts to find new products, new markets and new value-added
opportunities for North Dakota agriculture," said Gov.

John Hoeven. The grant award was announced Wednesday afternoon at a Bismarck
grocery store. Hoeven said the investment in value-added ventures also leads to
the creation of jobs in rural North Dakota. The state's Agricultural Products
Utilization Commission got the largest chunk of the grant, $700,000. APUC's
board of directors awards grants for ag marketing, research, diversification and
new product development projects. The money is a huge boost to the group's
budget, which is $500,000 annually for grants. The grant money is part of a $5.5
billion agriculture disaster-aid bill . Here's how the rest of the money was
distributed: n $40,000 to the value-added agriculture promotion board. n
$180,000 to the Department of Agriculture for niche marketing and animal disease
prevention. n $100,000 to the state board of ag research and education. n
$375,000 to the Red River Valley Potato Growers Association. n $30,000 to the
Commercial Vegetable Growers of North Dakota. n $375,000 to the Dry Bean
Council. n $80,000 to the Dry Pea and Lentil Council.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2001 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              467 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                          The Julian News (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

Partnership Announces "California, Always in Season Campaign At Ag. Day 2014

BYLINE: The Julian News staff

LENGTH: 762  words


Driven by the farm-to-fork movement and a growing interest among travelers for
culinary experiences, Visit California is partnering with California Grown to
launch a new marketing campaign, "California, Always in Season."

The two entities announced their partnership at the campaign launch today during
California Agriculture Day 2014 at the State Capitol.

Tourists in California spent $28.5 billion on food and beverages in 2012, making
it the largest segment in the state's tourism economy. The "California, Always
in Season" program is designed to market California's agricultural abundance and
pioneering and innovative spirit of the state's chefs, farmers and ranchers.

"This partnership further defines California as the premier destination for
culinary travelers," said Caroline Beteta, president & CEO of Visit California.
"Today's travelers seek culinary experiences from farm tours and farm-to-fork
dinners, to artisan purveyors, wine festivals and culinary tours. When it comes
to travel, food and agriculture -California is always in season."

"We are excited about all of the opportunities, benefits and attention that this
newly formed relationship with Visit California will bring California
agriculture," explains California Grown Chair Kasey Cronquist. "Our 'California,
Always in Season' campaign is just the first example of this new vision
highlighting the valuable cultural and economic influence our farmers and
ranchers have on the Golden State."

The cornerstone of this campaign is a $1 million media buy with Food & Wine
magazine, which will deliver more than 58 million impressions through print
spreads, videos, custom media rich content, targeted digital media and a
co-branded landing page on Food & Wine's website. Much of the content in the
magazine will focus on the relationship between California farmers and their
collaboration with local chefs, the diversity and abundance of specialty crops
throughout the state as well as stories that demonstrate that California's
culinary pioneers are part of the fabric that makes the state an iconic
destination.

The Golden State grows more than 400 commodities and produces 90 percent of the
wine and half of the fruit, nuts and vegetables grown in the United States. The
state's commitment to agriculture and agritourism is demonstrated by
California's passionate farmers, ranchers, chefs and winemakers 365 days a year.

"Ranchers and farmers are developing their own cult status and becoming the next
rock stars of the culinary scene," Beteta said. "They are the ones that help
California deliver on its promise of being the ultimate dreamland. It's these
passionate people who make this state's culinary scene the best in the world."

The first issue of Food & Wine featuring the "California, Always in Season"
content is on newsstands now. For a look at the campaign, visit
www.FoodandWine.com/California. For more information on culinary experiences in
California, visit www.VisitCalifornia.com.

This project is possible with funding from the California Department of Food and
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program.

Visit California (formerly known as the California Travel & Tourism Commission)
is a non-profit organization with a mission to develop and maintain marketing
programs - in partnership with the state's travel industry - that keep
California top-of-mind as a premier travel destination. According to Visit
California, travel and tourism expenditures total $112 billion annually in
California, support jobs for 917,000 Californians and generate $6.6 billion in
state and local tax revenues. For more information about Visit California and
for a free California Official State Visitor's Guide, go to
www.visitcalifornia.com. For story ideas, media information, downloadable images
and more, go to media.visitcalifornia.com.

California Grown (also known as the Buy California Marketing Agreement, BCMA) is
a joint effort of agricultural industry groups representing the products of
California's farms, ranches, forests and fisheries. Working as an advisory board
to the California Department of Food and Agriculture, BCMA brings together
industry and government resources to increase the awareness, consumption and
value of California agricultural products, helping the state's consumers enjoy
the best of the California lifestyle. California Grown is funded through public
and private contributions by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the California
Department of Food and Agriculture, and California agricultural organizations.
For more information, visit www.californiagrown.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JLN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 The Julian News

                              468 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Agriculture Department has funding to establish farms

BYLINE: Jonathan Austin, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 678 words


Jan. 06--The V.I. Agriculture Department wants to recruit 60 farmers from
throughout the territory for a federally funded project that could expand
agriculture production and grow more products for use in the school lunch
program.

The funding, from a U.S. Department of Agriculture specialty crop block grant,
is intended to spur farming in the territory and promote the sale of crops to
schools and possibly restaurants and other food vendors.

"We import 99 percent of our agriculture," said Billy Abraham, the director of
marketing at the Agriculture Department.

"The few farmers who are producing cannot sustain the market. They can -- in no
way, shape or form -- meet the market demand," he said.

Abraham said problems in sustained agriculture lie in training, crop selection,
irrigation and post-harvest techniques.

The federal block grant will establish a sustainable Grower's Collaboration
Program that will operate "in conjunction with the Harvest of the Month-Farm to
School initiative that's already established in the territory, he said.

"I don't think it's been clear what the Farm to School Initiative is, and the
potential that the initiative has, in terms of actually boosting our local
economy," Abraham said.

He said the legislation creating the initiative requires the V.I. Education
Department to purchase produce and farm stuff from local growers "once the
Department of Education receives advance notification of what we have."

He said the requirement "is the key to keeping some of the $5 million the
Department of Education receives to buy food in the territory."

The new program wants to recruit 30 farmers in each district to work a systemic
schedule to produce crops that can be used in the school lunch program.

Information about each variety of crop will be incorporated into the public
school curriculum, Abraham said, from kindergarten through high school.

He said the curriculum spans from coloring books about the crops for youngsters
to biology and chemistry lessons for high schoolers.

He also said the curriculum is designed to introduce young people to
agriculture, and hopefully generate interest in the locally grown product and
perhaps careers in agriculture.

At its most basic, though, the program is "an effort of increasing farming in
the territory," Abraham said.

"Farmers are financially disadvantaged. They don't have the resources to farm.
With this money, we created a program which will address the needs of our
farmers," Abraham said.

He said he has met with school lunch program administrators and restaurant chefs
to find out what fruit, vegetables, nuts or other farm items might appeal to the
palate.

Noting that many territory farmers are aging toward retirement, Abraham said
"we're hoping to get new and beginning farmers involved."

Applicants must have land or access to land to apply for the program, though
Abraham said the department is exploring options that match landowners with
prospective farmers.

This particular program requires applicants to have access to land and a water
supply, a health card and a farmer's license.

Abraham said applicants shouldn't be scared off by the need for a license.

"It costs $1 to get a license," he said with a chuckle.

Applicants must be willing to participate in training and willing to make use of
technical assistance on best practices in agriculture.

Abraham said the ideal is for the program to develop crop sources for a variety
of markets in the territory so farms can become viable and provide products to
residents and visitors.

Anyone interested in participating can pick up applications at Agriculture
Department offices on either of the three islands or at the administrator's
office on St. John.

Applications must be submitted by Jan. 20, either in person, by fax to
340-778-7977, or by email to billy.abraham@doa.gov.vi

-- Contact Jonathan Austin at 340-714-9104 or email jaustin@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2017 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170106-1VI-Agriculture-Department-has-funding-to-establish-farms-0106-20170106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2017 The Virgin Islands Daily News

                              469 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Decreased Assessment Rates: Tomatoes Grown in Florida

LENGTH: 2710 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS)



  Action



 Interim rule with request for comments.

 Summary



 This rule implements a recommendation from the Florida Tomato Committee
(Committee) for a decrease in the assessment rate established for the 2015-16
and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.0375 to $0.03 per 25-pound carton of
tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production. Assessments upon tomato handlers are used by the
Committee to fund reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal
period begins August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate will remain in
effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated.



 Dates



 Effective November 27, 2015. Comments received by January 25, 2016, will be
considered prior to issuance of a final rule.

 Addresses



 Interested persons are invited to submit written comments concerning this rule.
Comments must be sent to the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and Agreement
Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet:
http://www.regulations.gov. Comments should reference the document number and
the date and page number of this issue of theFederal Registerand will be
available for public inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular
business hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments
submitted in response to this rule will be included in the record and will be
made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above.

 For Further Information Contact



 Steven Kauffman, Marketing Specialist or Christian D. Nissen, Regional
Director, Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement
Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 837-3375, Fax:
(863) 291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov



 Small businesses may request information on complying with this regulation by
contacting Jeffery Smutny, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty
Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington,
DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax: (202) 720-8938, or Email:
Jeffery.Smutny@ams.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 This rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No. 966, both
as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown in
Florida, hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;order.&rdquo; The order is
effective under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7
U.S.C. 601-674), hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;Act.&rdquo;



 The Department of Agriculture (USDA) is issuing this rule in conformance with
Executive Orders 12866, 13563, and 13175.



 This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida tomato handlers are subject to
assessments. Funds to administer the order are derived from such assessments. It
is intended that the assessment rate as issued herein will be applicable to all
assessable Florida tomatoes beginning August 1, 2015, and continue until
amended, suspended, or terminated.



 The Act provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before
parties may file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any
handler subject to an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the
order, any provision of the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with
the order is not in accordance with law and request a modification of the order
or to be exempted therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a
hearing on the petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The
Act provides that the district court of the United States in any district in
which the handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of
business, has jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an
action is filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the
ruling.



 This rule decreases the assessment rate established for the Committee for the
2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.0375 to $0.03 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes.



 The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for the Committee, with
the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of expenses and collect
assessments from handlers to administer the program. The members of the
Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar with the
Committee's needs and with the costs for goods and services in their local area
and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and assessment
rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public meeting. Thus,
all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate and provide
input.



 For the 2013-14 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee recommended, and
USDA approved, an assessment rate that would continue in effect from fiscal
period to fiscal period unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and informationsubmitted by the Committee or other information
available to USDA.



 The Committee met on August 25, 2015, and unanimously recommended 2015-16
expenditures of $1,513,177 and an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,823,925.
The assessment rate of $0.03 is $0.0075 lower than the rate currently in effect.
The budget recommended for 2015-16 include decreases in education and promotion
expenditures and personnel costs. The Committee recommended decreasing the
assessment rate to more closely align assessment income to the lower budget.



 The major expenditures recommended by the Committee for the 2015-16 year
include $435,377 for salaries, $400,000 for education and promotion, and
$400,000 for research. Budgeted expenses for these items in 2014-15 were
$498,500, $750,000, and $300,000, respectively.



 The assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by reviewing
anticipated expenses, shipments, funds from block grants, interest income, and
available reserves. Florida tomato shipments for the year are estimated at 33
million 25-pound cartons which should provide $990,000 in assessment income.
Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds from the Committee's
authorized reserve, interest income, and funds from block grants, will be
adequate to cover budgeted expenses. Funds in the reserve (currently $1,136,195)
will be kept within the maximum permitted by the order of not to exceed one
fiscal period's expenses as authorized in &sect; 966.44.



 The assessment rate established in this rule will continue in effect
indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information submitted by the Committee or other available
information.



 Although this assessment rate is effective for an indefinite period, the
Committee will continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal period to
recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for modification of
the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings are available
from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the public and
interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA will evaluate
Committee recommendations and other available information to determine whether
modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further rulemaking will be
undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2015-16 budget and those for subsequent
fiscal periods will be reviewed and, as appropriate, approved by USDA.

 Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis



 Pursuant to requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5
U.S.C. 601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the
economic impact of this rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared
this initial regulatory flexibility analysis.



 The purpose of the RFA is to fit regulatory actions to the scale of businesses
subject to such actions in order that small businesses will not be unduly or
disproportionately burdened. Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and
the rules issued thereunder, are unique in that they are brought about through
group action of essentially small entities acting on their own behalf.



 There are approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and
approximately 80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small
agricultural producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as
those having annual receipts of less than $750,000, and small agricultural
service firms are defined as those whose annual receipts are less than
$7,000,000 (13 CFR 121.201).



 Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for fresh
Florida tomatoes during the 2014-15 season was approximately $10.58 per 25-pound
container, and total fresh shipments for the 2014-15 season were approximately
36.5 million cartons. Based on the average price, about 80 percent of handlers
could be considered small businesses under SBA's definition. In addition, based
on production data, grower prices as reported by the National Agricultural
Statistics Service, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the average
annual grower revenue is below $750,000. Thus, the majority of handlers and
producers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities.



 This rule decreases the assessment rate established by the Committee and
collected from handlers for the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods from
$0.0375 to $0.03 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously
recommended 2015-16 expenditures of $1,513,177 and an assessment rate of $0.03
per 25-pound carton. The assessment rate of $0.03 is $0.0075 lower than the
2013-14 rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2015-16 season is
estimated at 33 million cartons. Thus, the $0.03 rate should provide $990,000 in
assessment income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds
from the Committee's authorized reserve, interest income, and funds from block
grants, will be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.



 The major expenditures recommended by the Committee for the 2015-16 year
include $435,377 for salaries, $400,000 for education and promotion, and
$400,000 for research. Budgeted expenses for these items in 2014-15 were
$498,500, $750,000, and $300,000, respectively. The Committee recommended a
decrease in the assessment rate based on a reduction in expenditures for
education and promotion, and personnel expenses.



 Prior to arriving at this budget and assessment rate, the Committee considered
information from various sources, such as the Committee Executive Subcommittee,
Research Subcommittee, and Education and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative
expenditure levels were discussed by these groups, based upon the relative value
of various activities to the tomato industry. The Committee ultimately
determined that assessment revenue, along with grant funds, funds from reserves
and interest income, would generate sufficient revenue to meet its expenses.



 A review of historical information and preliminary information pertaining to
the upcoming crop year indicates that the average grower price for the 2015-16
season may be around $10.50 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the
estimated assessment revenue for the 2015-16 crop year as a percentage of total
grower revenue could be approximately 0.3 percent.



 This action decreases the assessment obligation imposed on handlers.
Assessments are applied uniformly on all handlers, and some of the costs may be
passed on to producers. However, decreasing the assessment rate reduces the
burden on handlers. In addition, the Committee's meeting was widely publicized
throughout the Florida tomato industry and all interested persons were invited
to attend the meeting and participate in Committee deliberations on all issues.
Like all Committee meetings, the August 25, 2015, meeting was a public meeting
and all entities, both large and small, were able to express views on this
issue. Finally, interested persons are invited to submit comments on this
interim rule, including the regulatory and informational impacts of this action
on small businesses.



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
the order's information collection requirements have been previously approved by
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178
Vegetable and Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as
a result of this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be
submitted to OMB for approval.



 This action imposes no additional reporting or recordkeeping requirements on
either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As with all Federal marketing
order programs, reports and forms are periodically reviewed to reduce
information requirements and duplication by industry and public sector agencies.




 AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services, and for
other purposes.



 USDA has not identified any relevant Federal rules that duplicate, overlap, or
conflict with this rule.



 A small business guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop
marketing agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Jeffery Smutny at the previously
mentioned address in theFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACTsection.



 After consideration of all relevant material presented, including the
information and recommendation submitted by the Committee and other available
information, it is hereby found that this rule, as hereinafter set forth, will
tend to effectuate the declared policy of the Act.



 Pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 553, it is also found and determined upon good cause that
it is impracticable, unnecessary, and contrary to the public interest to give
preliminary notice prior to putting this rule into effect, and that good cause
exists for not postponing the effective date of this rule until 30 days after
publication in theFederal Registerbecause: (1) The 2015-16 fiscal period began
on August 1, 2015, and the marketing order requires that the rate of assessment
for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida tomatoes handled during
such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have sufficient funds to pay its
expenses which are incurred on a continuous basis and this action decreases the
assessment rate for assessable tomatoes beginning with the 2015-16 fiscal
period; (3) handlers are aware of this action which was unanimously recommended
by the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years; and (4) this interim rule provides a 60-day
comment period, and all comments timely received will be considered prior to
finalization of this rule.

 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966



 Marketing agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes.



 For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is amended as
follows:

 Regulatory Text

 Part 966 Tomatoes Grown in Florida



 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part 966 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 7 U.S.C. 601-674.



 2. Section 966.234 is revised to read as follows:

 &sect; 966.234 Assessment rate.



 On and after August 1, 2015, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25-pound container
is established for Florida tomatoes.

 Dated: November 20, 2015.

 Rex A. Barnes,

 Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-30018 Filed 11-24-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              470 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             March 8, 2016, Tuesday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 1193 words


Milton man ID'd as victim of fatal Cabell wreck

A Milton man died in a wreck on Interstate 64 in Cabell County on Sunday night.

The accident was reported at about 9:30 p.m. Two vehicles wrecked in the area of
mile marker 30, between the Milton and Hurricane exits.

Milton Police say Ralph Cutlip, 58, died in the wreck. Officer Sean Beckett said
Cutlip was driving his van in the westbound lane when he lost control and
flipped into the eastbound lane where a truck collided with the passenger side.

"They had no chance to stop, Beckett said.

The two people in the truck sustained non-life threatening injuries and were
taken to a nearby hospital. Beckett said their names have not been released.

Both lanes of Interstate 64 East were shut down after the accident. The road was
reopened by about 2 a.m. Monday.

Tomblin announces biz seminar for high schoolers

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin on Monday announced the creation of three-week summer
business school for high school students.

The course, called the Governor's School of Entrepreneurship, is part of a
lineup of residential summer sessions for academically talented students around
the state. The school is for ninth- through 11th-grade students and will be
hosted by Marshall University in Huntington in July.

"Part of building a strong business climate in West Virginia is providing our
state's residents with the resources they need to create new products and use
those skills to build a small business that supports our local economies,
Tomblin said. "I am proud to add the Governor's School of Entrepreneurship to
our successful lineup of Governor's Schools.

The summer school will give students opportunities to learn how to develop
business plans, raise venture capital and sell their business or product ideas.

Students must apply by March 30. The program seeks students involved in school
leadership as well as participation in engineering, computer science, graphic
design and other professional fields, though any high schooler can apply.

Students who have a 3.0 grade point average and complete the course can earn six
hours of college credit through Marshall University, which is offering to reduce
registration and transcription costs to $35 for those who qualify.

Governor's Schools are free to attend.

The Governor's School of Entrepreneurship will be July 5-26.

Applicants sought for science symposium

State high school students with an interest in science, mathematics, computers,
psychology or engineering can compete for scholarships at the West Virginia
Junior Science and Humanities Symposium slated for March 18 and 19 on West
Virginia Wesleyan's campus. The competition is open to high school students in
grades 9-12. Applications are being accepted through Thursday online at
www.cvent.com/d/4fqkz4. Winners selected at the state level will go on to
compete for additional scholarships at the National Junior Science and
Humanities Symposium in Dayton, Ohio. Interested students should plan to make a
12-minute, oral presentation on their research or engineering projects using
presentation software (such as PowerPoint), and they should be prepared to
submit a research paper in electronic form when they register on campus at the
Symposium.

Participation in the state competition is free and lodging and meals are
provided. The only expense associated with the symposium is the cost of travel
to Wesleyan's campus in Buckhannon. For questions, email Dr. Jeanne Sullivan at
sullivan@wvwc.edu

Plans moving forward for firefighter memorial

WHEELING - Plans are moving forward for a memorial at Wheeling's Heritage Port
to honor the city's fallen firefighters.

Firefighter Robert Heldreth tells The Intelligencer/Wheeling News-Register that
he's making a final request for any other firefighters' names that may have been
left off the list.

The names of firefighters who died in the line of duty will be inscribed on a
plaque attached to the bronze statue monument, which will be erected this year.

Heldreth says research has turned up 10 names currently planned for the
monument.

The statue, titled "Fallen Hero, will feature the figure of a firefighter. With
the base and statue, the memorial will stand about 8 feet high.

A date for the official dedication of the monument has not been set.

Police shoot suspect at campground

PINEVILLE - Officials are investigating after a deputy sheriff shot a suspect
while investigating a report of a domestic dispute at the Pinnacle Creek
Campground in Wyoming County.

Sheriff Randall Aliff told WVNS-TV that a deputy arrived on the scene Friday
night to find a man with a rifle. Aliff said the deputy told the man to lower
the weapon, but he allegedly raised it, leading the deputy to fire.

The station reports officials have not released the suspect's identity or
condition.

Aliff said the deputy has been placed on leave while the shooting is
investigated, which is standard procedure in such cases.

No other information was immediately available.

3 Dems to participate in gubernatorial forum

Three Democratic candidates for West Virginia governor have agreed to
participate in an April 16 forum, the first that is slated to feature the open
race's full Democratic field.

The West Virginia Democratic Party says candidates Jim Justice, Booth Goodwin
and Jeff Kessler will take part in the forum about a month before the May 10
primary.

More details about the format, time and place will be released at a later date,
according to party spokeswoman Brittni McGuire.

Justice is a billionaire coal and agriculture businessman and the owner of The
Greenbrier resort. Goodwin resigned as U.S. attorney in Charleston in December
to run for governor. Kessler is the state Senate minority leader.

Kessler has called on Justice to debate for months, and Goodwin recently echoed
the call.

In a statement Monday, Justice said he hopes Goodwin and Kessler "are ready to
talk turkey at this debate about who can truly create jobs and bring companies
to invest in West Virginia.

Goodwin said he's looking forward to "standing alongside the other candidates to
talk about solutions for moving West Virginia forward.

Kessler said he is interested in which format the party picks.

"I've agreed to participate on the condition that it is a real debate, that
we're not force-fed questions in advance and we just give speeches on couches
sitting across from one another, Kessler said.

State Senate President Bill Cole, R-Mercer, is unopposed in the Republican
primary for governor.

Democratic Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin is reaching his two-consecutive term limit.

W.Va. accepting specialty block grant proposals

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture is accepting project proposals for
specialty block grants.

Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, maple syrup and Christmas
trees, among others. Excluded are livestock, eggs and field crops such as
soybeans and corn.

To be considered for funding, projects must focus on industry-related research,
education, improved production or marketing of specialty crops. The program is
available to groups and organizations and cannot be used to fund individual
farms or enterprises.

The grant application deadline is March 28.

- From staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                              471 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Last Saturday of Fair will be chile affair

BYLINE: The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


Sept. 03--Recognition of the branding of Pueblo Chile and declaration of Pueblo
Chile Day at the Colorado State Fair will be the focus of an unveiling at 11
a.m. Saturday between the Colorado Building and the kiddie rides on the
Fairgrounds.

Pueblo County farmers and the Pueblo Chile Growers Association will introduce a
branding campaign to market Pueblo Chile, the county's main specialty
agricultural product.

Previously marketed only by individual growers, Pueblo Chile will now be sold
under a common, unified and recognizable brand that will enable consumers to
immediately identify the chile.

The branding campaign was made possible largely due to a $144,000 USDA Specialty
Crops Block Grant from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, obtained by
Pueblo County's Economic Development and GIS Department.

Scheduled to speak at the press conference are Chris Wiseman, incoming deputy
commissioner for the state ag department, County Commission Chairwoman Liane
"Buffie McFadyen," director of Pueblo County Economic Development and GIS Chris
Markuson and Dominic DiSanti, chairman of the Pueblo Chile Growers Association.

As proclaimed by Gov. John Hickenlooper, the city of Pueblo and Pueblo County,
the last Saturday of the State Fair will henceforth be known as Pueblo Chile
Day.

city@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150903-PB-Last-Saturday-of-Fair-will-be-chile-affair-0903-20150903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              472 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 27, 2016, Wednesday

Fall gardening, hops production focus of WVSU Extension workshop

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P4E

LENGTH: 190 words


Gardeners can prepare for the fall season by attending a West Virginia State
University Extension Service workshop that will focus on hops production.

The workshop is from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 4, at the Arrowhead Bike
Farm, 8263 Gatewood Road, in Fayetteville. The session will include a tour of a
local hops production site.

Hops are flowers of the hop plant used as a flavoring and stability agent in
beer. In 2014, WVSU Extension Service began researching the regional production
viability of hops as a potential new cash crop for the state's farmers through a
Specialty Crop Block Grant from the West Virginia Department of Agriculture.

The first half of the daylong session will focus on fall gardening, followed by
the hops production workshop and tour in the afternoon. Lunch will be available
onsite for a fee or in nearby downtown Fayetteville.

The workshops are supported by funding from the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers
and Ranchers (2501) Program of the USDA Office of Advocacy and Outreach.

Registration is required by contacting WVSU Extension Agent Caroline Copenhaver,
304-382-3383 or caroline.copenhaver@wvstateu.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                              473 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Decreased Assessment Rate

LENGTH: 2750 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 966 [Doc.
No. AMS-FV-15-0058; FV15-966-1 IR] Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Decreased
Assessment Rate AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA. ACTION: Interim
rule with request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This rule implements a recommendation from the Florida Tomato Committee
(Committee) for a decrease in the assessment rate established for the 2015-16
and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.0375 to $0.03 per 25-pound carton of
tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production.

Assessments upon tomato handlers are used by the Committee to fund reasonable
and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal period begins August 1 and
ends July 31. The assessment rate will remain in effect indefinitely unless
modified, suspended, or terminated. DATES: Effective November 27, 2015. Comments
received by January 25, 2016, will be considered prior to issuance of a final
rule. ADDRESSES: Interested persons are invited to submit written comments
concerning this rule. Comments must be sent to the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order
and Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250- 0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or
Internet: http://www.regulations.gov. Comments should reference the document
number and the date and page number of this issue of the Federal Register and
will be available for public inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during
regular business hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All
comments submitted in response to this rule will be included in the record and
will be made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Steven
Kauffman, Marketing Specialist or Christian D. Nissen, Regional Director,
Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement Division,
Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 837-3375, Fax: (863)
291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov Small businesses may request information on
complying with this regulation by contacting Jeffery Smutny, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax: (202)
720-8938, or Email: Jeffery.Smutny@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This
rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No. 966, both as
amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown in Florida,
hereinafter referred to as the ``order.'' The order is effective under the
Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C. 601- 674),
hereinafter referred to as the ``Act.'' The Department of Agriculture (USDA) is
issuing this rule in conformance with Executive Orders 12866, 13563, and 13175.
This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida tomato handlers are subject to
assessments. Funds to administer the order are derived from such assessments. It
is intended that the assessment rate as issued herein will be applicable to all
assessable Florida tomatoes beginning August 1, 2015, and continue until
amended, suspended, or terminated. The Act provides that administrative
proceedings must be exhausted before parties may file suit in court. Under
section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any handler subject to an order may file with
USDA a petition stating that the order, any provision of the order, or any
obligation imposed in connection with the order is not in accordance with law
and request a modification of the order or to be exempted therefrom. Such
handler is afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the petition. After the
hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The Act provides that the district
court of the United States in any district in which the handler is an
inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of business, has jurisdiction to
review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an action is filed not later than
20 days after the date of the entry of the ruling. This rule decreases the
assessment rate established for the Committee for the 2015-16 and subsequent
fiscal periods from $0.0375 to $0.03 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The
Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for the Committee, with the
approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of expenses and collect
assessments from handlers to administer the program. The members of the
Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar with the
Committee's needs and with the costs for goods and services in their local area
and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and assessment
rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public meeting. Thus,
all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate and provide
input. For the 2013-14 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee recommended,
and USDA approved, an assessment rate that would continue in effect from fiscal
period to fiscal period unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information [[Page 73643]] submitted by the Committee or
other information available to USDA. The Committee met on August 25, 2015, and
unanimously recommended 2015-16 expenditures of $1,513,177 and an assessment
rate of $0.03 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's
budgeted expenditures were $1,823,925. The assessment rate of $0.03 is $0.0075
lower than the rate currently in effect. The budget recommended for 2015-16
include decreases in education and promotion expenditures and personnel costs.
The Committee recommended decreasing the assessment rate to more closely align
assessment income to the lower budget. The major expenditures recommended by the
Committee for the 2015-16 year include $435,377 for salaries, $400,000 for
education and promotion, and $400,000 for research. Budgeted expenses for these
items in 2014-15 were $498,500, $750,000, and $300,000, respectively. The
assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by reviewing
anticipated expenses, shipments, funds from block grants, interest income, and
available reserves. Florida tomato shipments for the year are estimated at 33
million 25-pound cartons which should provide $990,000 in assessment income.
Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds from the Committee's
authorized reserve, interest income, and funds from block grants, will be
adequate to cover budgeted expenses. Funds in the reserve (currently $1,136,195)
will be kept within the maximum permitted by the order of not to exceed one
fiscal period's expenses as authorized in Sec. 966.44. The assessment rate
established in this rule will continue in effect indefinitely unless modified,
suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and information submitted
by the Committee or other available information. Although this assessment rate
is effective for an indefinite period, the Committee will continue to meet prior
to or during each fiscal period to recommend a budget of expenses and consider
recommendations for modification of the assessment rate. The dates and times of
Committee meetings are available from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings
are open to the public and interested persons may express their views at these
meetings. USDA will evaluate Committee recommendations and other available
information to determine whether modification of the assessment rate is needed.
Further rulemaking will be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2015-16
budget and those for subsequent fiscal periods will be reviewed and, as
appropriate, approved by USDA. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant
to requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5 U.S.C.
601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic
impact of this rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared this
initial regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit
regulatory actions to the scale of businesses subject to such actions in order
that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened.
Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and the rules issued thereunder,
are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially
small entities acting on their own behalf. There are approximately 100 producers
of tomatoes in the production area and approximately 80 handlers subject to
regulation under the marketing order. Small agricultural producers are defined
by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as those having annual receipts of
less than $750,000, and small agricultural service firms are defined as those
whose annual receipts are less than $7,000,000 (13 CFR 121.201). Based on
industry and Committee data, the average annual price for fresh Florida tomatoes
during the 2014-15 season was approximately $10.58 per 25-pound container, and
total fresh shipments for the 2014- 15 season were approximately 36.5 million
cartons. Based on the average price, about 80 percent of handlers could be
considered small businesses under SBA's definition. In addition, based on
production data, grower prices as reported by the National Agricultural
Statistics Service, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the average
annual grower revenue is below $750,000. Thus, the majority of handlers and
producers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities. This rule
decreases the assessment rate established by the Committee and collected from
handlers for the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.0375 to $0.03 per
25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously recommended 2015-16
expenditures of $1,513,177 and an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25-pound carton.
The assessment rate of $0.03 is $0.0075 lower than the 2013-14 rate. The
quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2015-16 season is estimated at 33
million cartons. Thus, the $0.03 rate should provide $990,000 in assessment
income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds from the
Committee's authorized reserve, interest income, and funds from block grants,
will be adequate to cover budgeted expenses. The major expenditures recommended
by the Committee for the 2015-16 year include $435,377 for salaries, $400,000
for education and promotion, and $400,000 for research. Budgeted expenses for
these items in 2014-15 were $498,500, $750,000, and $300,000, respectively. The
Committee recommended a decrease in the assessment rate based on a reduction in
expenditures for education and promotion, and personnel expenses. Prior to
arriving at this budget and assessment rate, the Committee considered
information from various sources, such as the Committee Executive Subcommittee,
Research Subcommittee, and Education and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative
expenditure levels were discussed by these groups, based upon the relative value
of various activities to the tomato industry. The Committee ultimately
determined that assessment revenue, along with grant funds, funds from reserves
and interest income, would generate sufficient revenue to meet its expenses. A
review of historical information and preliminary information pertaining to the
upcoming crop year indicates that the average grower price for the 2015-16
season may be around $10.50 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the
estimated assessment revenue for the 2015- 16 crop year as a percentage of total
grower revenue could be approximately 0.3 percent. This action decreases the
assessment obligation imposed on handlers. Assessments are applied uniformly on
all handlers, and some of the costs may be passed on to producers. However,
decreasing the assessment rate reduces the burden on handlers. In addition, the
Committee's meeting was widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato industry
and all interested persons were invited to attend the meeting and participate in
Committee deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee meetings, the August
25, 2015, meeting was a public meeting and all entities, both large and small,
were able to express views on this issue. Finally, interested persons are
invited to submit comments on this interim rule, including the regulatory and
informational impacts of this action on small businesses. [[Page 73644]] In
accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), the
order's information collection requirements have been previously approved by the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178 Vegetable
and Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as a result
of this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be submitted to
OMB for approval. This action imposes no additional reporting or recordkeeping
requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As with all
Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically reviewed to
reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and public sector
agencies. AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote
the use of the internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services, and for
other purposes. USDA has not identified any relevant Federal rules that
duplicate, overlap, or conflict with this rule. A small business guide on
complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing agreements and
orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Jeffery Smutny at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section. After
consideration of all relevant material presented, including the information and
recommendation submitted by the Committee and other available information, it is
hereby found that this rule, as hereinafter set forth, will tend to effectuate
the declared policy of the Act. Pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 553, it is also found and
determined upon good cause that it is impracticable, unnecessary, and contrary
to the public interest to give preliminary notice prior to putting this rule
into effect, and that good cause exists for not postponing the effective date of
this rule until 30 days after publication in the Federal Register because: (1)
The 2015-16 fiscal period began on August 1, 2015, and the marketing order
requires that the rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all
assessable Florida tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee
needs to have sufficient funds to pay its expenses which are incurred on a
continuous basis and this action decreases the assessment rate for assessable
tomatoes beginning with the 2015-16 fiscal period; (3) handlers are aware of
this action which was unanimously recommended by the Committee at a public
meeting and is similar to other assessment rate actions issued in past years;
and (4) this interim rule provides a 60-day comment period, and all comments
timely received will be considered prior to finalization of this rule. List of
Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966 Marketing agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Tomatoes. For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part
966 is amended as follows: PART 966--TOMATOES GROWN IN FLORIDA 0 1. The
authority citation for 7 CFR part 966 continues to read as follows: Authority: 7
U.S.C. 601-674. 0 2. Section 966.234 is revised to read as follows: Sec. 966.234
Assessment rate. On and after August 1, 2015, an assessment rate of $0.03 per
25- pound container is established for Florida tomatoes. Dated: November 20,
2015. Rex A. Barnes, Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-30018 Filed 11-24-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              474 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Increased Assessment Rates: Tomatoes Grown in Florida

LENGTH: 2654  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Proposed Rule document was issued by the Agricultural
Marketing Service (AMS)



  Action



 Proposed rule.

 Summary



 This proposed rule would implement a recommendation from the Florida Tomato
Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the
2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production. Assessments upon Florida tomato handlers are used by the
Committee to fund reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal
period begins August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate would remain in
effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated.



 Dates



 Comments must be received by December 8, 2016.

 Addresses



 Interested persons are invited to submit written comments concerning this
proposed rule. Comments must be sent to the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet:
http://www.regulations.gov. Comments should reference the document number and
the date and page number of this issue of the Federal Register and will be
available for public inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular
business hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments
submitted in response to this proposed rule will be included in the record and
will be made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above.

 For Further Information Contact



 Steven W. Kauffman, Marketing Specialist, or Christian D. Nissen, Regional
Director, Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement
Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 324-3375, Fax:
(863) 291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov



 Small businesses may request information on complying with this regulation by
contacting Richard Lower, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty
Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington,
DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax: (202)720-8938, or Email:
Richard.Lower@ams.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 This proposed rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No.
966, both as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown
in Florida, hereinafter referred to as the  "order." The order is effective
under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C.
601-674), hereinafter referred to as the "Act."



 The Department of Agriculture (USDA) is issuing this proposed rule in
conformance with Executive Orders 12866, 13563, and 13175.



 This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice
Reform. Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida tomato handlers are
subject to assessments. Funds to administer the order are derived from such
assessments. It is intended that the assessment rate as proposed herein would be
applicable to all assessable Florida tomatoes beginning on August 1, 2016, and
continue until amended, suspended, or terminated.



 The Act provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before
parties may file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any
handler subject to an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the
order, any provision of the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with
the order is not in accordance with law and request a modification of the order
or to be exempted therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a
hearing on the petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The
Act provides that the district court of the United States in any district in
which the handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of
business, has jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an
action is filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the
ruling.



 This proposed rule would increase the assessment rate established for the
Committee for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per
25-pound carton of tomatoes.



 The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for the Committee, with
the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of expenses and collect
assessments from handlers to administer the program. The members of the
Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar with the
Committee's needs and with the costs of goods and services in their local area
and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and assessment
rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public meeting. Thus,
all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate and provide
input.



 For the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee recommended, and
USDA approved, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes that
would continue in effect from fiscal period to fiscal period unless modified,
suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and information submitted
by the Committee or other information available to USDA.



 The Committee met on August 16, 2016, and unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,513,177.
The assessment rate of $0.035 is $0.005 higher than the rate currently in
effect. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate.



 The major expenditures recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year
include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education
and promotion. Budgeted expenses for these items in 2015-16 were $435,377,
$400,000, and $400,000, respectively.



 The assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by dividing
anticipated expenses by expected shipments of Florida tomatoes. Florida tomato
shipments for the 2016-17 year are estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons,
which should provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from
handler assessments, along with interest income, block grants, and funds from
the Committee's authorized reserve, would be adequate to cover budgeted
expenses. Funds in the reserve (approximately $999,361) would be kept within the
maximum permitted by the order of no more than approximately one fiscal period's
expenses as stated in §&thinsp;966.44.



 The proposed assessment rate would continue in effect indefinitely unless
modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and information
submitted by the Committee or other available information.



 Although this assessment rate would be in effect for an indefinite period, the
Committee would continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal period to
recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for modification of
the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings are available
from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the public, and
interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA would
evaluate Committee recommendations and other available information to determine
whether modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further rulemaking would
be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2016-17 budget and those for
subsequent fiscal periods would be reviewed and, as appropriate, approved by
USDA.

 Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis



 Pursuant to requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5
U.S.C. 601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the
economic impact of this proposed rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has
prepared this initial regulatory flexibility analysis.



 The purpose of the RFA is to fit regulatory actions to the scale of businesses
subject to such actions in order that small businesses will not be unduly or
disproportionately burdened. Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and
the rules issued thereunder, are unique in that they are brought about through
group action of essentially small entities acting on their own behalf.



 There are approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and
approximately 80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small
agricultural producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as
those having annual receipts less than $750,000, and small agricultural service
firms are defined as those whose annual receipts are less than $7,500,000 (13
CFR 121.201).



 Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for fresh
Florida tomatoes during the 2015-16 season was approximately $11.27 per 25-pound
carton, and total fresh shipments were approximately 28.2 million cartons. Using
the average price and shipment information, number of handlers, and assuming a
normal distribution, the majority of handlers have average annual receipts below
$7,500,000. In addition, based on production data, an estimated grower price of
$6.25, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the average annual grower
revenue is above $750,000. Thus, a majority of the handlers of Florida tomatoes
may be classified as small entities while a majority of the producers may be
classified as large entities.



 This proposal would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee
and collected from handlers for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from
$0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously
recommended 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035
per 25-pound carton handled. The proposed assessment rate of $0.035 is $.005
higher than the 2015-16 rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the
2016-17 season is estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons. Thus, the $0.035
rate should provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from handler
assessments, along with funds from interest income, MAP funds, and block grants,
should provide sufficient funds to meet this year's anticipated expenses.



 The major expenditures recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year
include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education
and promotion. Budgeted expenses for these items in 2015-16 were $435,377,
$400,000, and $400,000, respectively.



 At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only $990,000, an
amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated expenditures of
$1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and recommended
increasing the assessment rate.



 Prior to arriving at this budget and assessment rate, the Committee considered
information from various sources, such as the Committee's Executive
Subcommittee, Research Subcommittee, and Education and Promotion Subcommittee.
Alternative expenditure levels were discussed by these groups, based upon the
relative value of various activities to the tomato industry. The Committee
determined that 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 were appropriate, and the
recommended assessment rate, along with funds from interest income, block
grants, and funds from reserves, would be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.



 A review of historical information and preliminary information pertaining to
the upcoming crop year indicates that the average grower price for the 2016-17
season could be approximately $6.50 per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. Therefore,
the estimated assessment revenue for the 2016-17 crop year as a percentage of
total grower revenue would be approximately 0.5 percent.



 This action would increase the assessment obligation imposed on handlers. While
assessments impose some additional costs on handlers, the costs are minimal and
uniform on all handlers. Some of the additional costs may be passed on to
producers. However, these costs would be offset by the benefits derived by the
operation of the marketing order.



 The Committee's meeting was widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato
industry, and all interested persons were invited to attend the meeting and
participate in Committee deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee
meetings, the August 16, 2016, meeting was a public meeting, and all entities,
both large and small, were able to express views on this issue. Finally,
interested persons are invited to submit comments on this proposed rule,
including the regulatory and informational impacts of this action on small
businesses.



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
the order's information collection requirements have been previously approved by
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178
Vegetable and Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as
a result of this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be
submitted to OMB for approval.



 This proposed rule would impose no additional reporting or recordkeeping
requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As with all
Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically reviewed to
reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and public sector
agencies.



 AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services, and for
other purposes.



 USDA has not identified any relevant Federal rules that duplicate, overlap, or
conflict with this action.



 A small business guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop
marketing agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Richard Lower at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section.



 A 15-day comment period is provided to allow interested persons to respond to
this proposed rule. Fifteen days is deemed appropriate because: (1) The 2016-17
fiscal period began on August 1, 2016, and the marketing order requires that the
rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida
tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have
sufficient funds to pay its expenses, which are incurred on a continuous basis;
and (3) handlers are aware of this action, which was unanimously recommended by
the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years.

 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966



 Marketing agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes.



 For the reasons set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is proposed to be
amended as follows:

 Part 966 Tomatoes Grown in Florida

 Regulatory Text



 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part 966 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 7 U.S.C. 601-674.



 2. Section 966.234 is revised to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;966.234 Assessment rate.



 On and after August 1, 2016, an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
is established for Florida tomatoes.

 Dated: November 18, 2016.

 Elanor Starmer,

 Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-28259 Filed 11-22-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

WSU research explores how cover crops fight tulip-bulb diseases

BYLINE: Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 818 words


March 10--MOUNT VERNON -- As Washington State University weed scientist Tim
Miller puts it, tulips "go hand in hand with weeds" this time of year in the
Skagit Valley, where April's annual Tulip Festival attracts hundreds of
thousands of visitors.

Yet weeds are only half the battle for the commercial and small-scale growers
here who hope to reap a share of the profits from the state's
$12-million-peryear ornamental bulb industry during the short growing and
harvest season for specialty cut-flower and bulb crops.

The rest of the fight is underground, where soil-borne diseases like tulip fire
(caused by the fungus Botrytis tulipae) and tulip-gray bulb rot (caused by the
fungus Rhizoctonia tuliparum) can spread through the soil and infect the bulbs
of their host plants, resulting in significant losses in flowers and bulb yield.

Northwest growers may someday have an added weapon in their agricultural arsenal
against tulip bulb weeds and diseases, as a result of cover crop research being
conducted by Miller's WSU Mount Vernon weed science research team, led by Ph.D.
student Yushan "Sherry" Duan.

Duan was enlisted in 2012 to study the impacts of plow-down and cover crops on
field production of tulips -- one of 25 research projects funded under the Farm
Bill through Washington State Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop Block
Grants totaling $3 million.

"Ornamental bulb farmers are limited to fumigation and a small assortment of
highly regulated fungicides and pesticides, which can be costly to their bottom
line if multiple applications are needed each year," Duan said in a news
release. "For the small-scale growers, fumigation is not an option due to
restrictions on many of the chemicals that were previously available for
agricultural purposes."

"Our research has been twofold," Miller said. "First, we wanted to see whether
cover crops or green manure plow-down crops can reduce competition from weeds
and soil-borne pathogens, and perhaps reduce the need for pesticide
applications. Second, we wanted to find out whether growing these crops
immediately before tulips negatively affects flower or bulb production."

Cut-flower tulip grower Roger Knutson helped Duan establish her halfacre plots
on his land near Sumner, where she planted a wheat and pea mixture and a
two-variety blend of mustard as cover crops.

They were grown for four weeks, then plowed into the soil about a month prior to
planting tulip bulbs.

In the experiments, half the cover crops were killed with glyphosate, a systemic
herbicide, prior to incorporating them into the soil. The other half was not
treated.

A concern with cover crops is that they can persist as weeds in the following
crop, leaving what researchers refer to as a "trashy seedbed" prior to bulb
planting.

"After the first year, we switched to a cereal rye-pea mix, because we found the
winter wheat we planted in late summer was quite weedy in the tulip crop the
following spring," Duan said.

In this third year of Duan's research, results have been surprising and
encouraging.

"On the one hand, we didn't see much difference in bulb yield or flower quality
with any of the cover crops on the commercial grower's field, which are treated
with herbicides and fungicides," Duan said. "On the other hand, these cover
crops didn't hurt bulb yield or flower quality, so it appears they should fit
nicely into a tulip rotation."

Miller and Duan are conducting companion tulip trials at the WSU Mount Vernon
research station. In a controlled experiment, Duan is infesting soil with the
fungi that cause tulip fire and tulip-gray bulb rot prior to planting cover
crops to see if the cover crops can help reduce the incidence of these diseases.

"We planted cover crops either in July or in August to see how planting date
affects cover crop growth or their ability to control soil-borne diseases," Duan
said.

"We are also evaluating how quickly cover crops break down in the soil before
planting tulips. Cover crop residue left on the soil surface should help reduce
weed seed germination in the tulip crop."

In the first round of testing, the level of tulip fire was cut by growing a
rye-pea mix in August before planting tulip bulbs in October. If second-year
results are similar, Duan may have identified a strategy that tulip producers
can use to reduce the risk of tulip fire.

"It is encouraging that we are seeing a reduction in Botrytis in the rye-pea
cover crop, because tulip fire is host-specific to tulips," Duan said.

"The break cover crops provide may be enough to get rid of the disease in the
soil. If we can manage this disease with cover crops, then tulip growers could
potentially continue to plant the same crop each year, and not have to alternate
between tulips and daffodils."

___ (c)2015 the Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) Visit the Skagit
Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) at www.goskagit.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150310-UV-WSU-research-explores-how-cover-crops
-fight-tulip-bulb-diseases-0310-20150310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2015 Skagit Valley Herald

                              476 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment Rate Pages
84507 - 84510 [FR DOC # 2016-28259]

LENGTH: 5361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 966 [Doc.
No. AMS-SC-16-0088; SC16-966-1 PR] Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased
Assessment Rate AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed
rule. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This proposed rule would implement a recommendation from the Florida
Tomato Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the
2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production.

Assessments upon Florida tomato handlers are used by the Committee to fund
reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal period begins
August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate would remain in effect
indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. DATES: Comments must be
received by December 8, 2016. ADDRESSES: Interested persons are invited to
submit written comments concerning this proposed rule. Comments must be sent to
the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty Crops
Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC
20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet: http://www.regulations.gov.
Comments should reference the document number and the date and page number of
this issue of the Federal Register and will be available for public [[Page
84508]] inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular business
hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments submitted
in response to this proposed rule will be included in the record and will be
made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Steven
W. Kauffman, Marketing Specialist, or Christian D. Nissen, Regional Director,
Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement Division,
Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 324-3375, Fax: (863)
291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov Small businesses may request information on
complying with this regulation by contacting Richard Lower, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax:
(202)720-8938, or Email: Richard.Lower@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
This proposed rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No.
966, both as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown
in Florida, hereinafter referred to as the ``order.'' The order is effective
under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C.
601- 674), hereinafter referred to as the ``Act.'' The Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is issuing this proposed rule in conformance with Executive Orders 12866,
13563, and 13175. This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order
12988, Civil Justice Reform. Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida
tomato handlers are subject to assessments. Funds to administer the order are
derived from such assessments. It is intended that the assessment rate as
proposed herein would be applicable to all assessable Florida tomatoes beginning
on August 1, 2016, and continue until amended, suspended, or terminated. The Act
provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before parties may
file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any handler subject to
an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the order, any provision of
the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with the order is not in
accordance with law and request a modification of the order or to be exempted
therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the
petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The Act provides
that the district court of the United States in any district in which the
handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of business, has
jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an action is
filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the ruling. This
proposed rule would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee
for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for
the Committee, with the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of
expenses and collect assessments from handlers to administer the program. The
members of the Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar
with the Committee's needs and with the costs of goods and services in their
local area and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and
assessment rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public
meeting. Thus, all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate
and provide input. For the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee
recommended, and USDA approved, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25- pound carton
of tomatoes that would continue in effect from fiscal period to fiscal period
unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and
information submitted by the Committee or other information available to USDA.
The Committee met on August 16, 2016, and unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,513,177.
The assessment rate of $0.035 is $0.005 higher than the rate currently in
effect. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. The major expenditures recommended
by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000
for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted expenses for
these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000, respectively. The
assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by dividing anticipated
expenses by expected shipments of Florida tomatoes. Florida tomato shipments for
the 2016-17 year are estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons, which should
provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from handler
assessments, along with interest income, block grants, and funds from the
Committee's authorized reserve, would be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.
Funds in the reserve (approximately $999,361) would be kept within the maximum
permitted by the order of no more than approximately one fiscal period's
expenses as stated in Sec. 966.44. The proposed assessment rate would continue
in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information submitted by the Committee or other available
information. Although this assessment rate would be in effect for an indefinite
period, the Committee would continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal
period to recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for
modification of the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings
are available from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the
public, and interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA
would evaluate Committee recommendations and other available information to
determine whether modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further
rulemaking would be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2016-17 budget and
those for subsequent fiscal periods would be reviewed and, as appropriate,
approved by USDA. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to
requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5 U.S.C.
601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic
impact of this proposed rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared
this initial regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit
regulatory actions to the scale of businesses subject to such actions in order
that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened.
Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and the rules issued thereunder,
are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially
[[Page 84509]] small entities acting on their own behalf. There are
approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and approximately
80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small agricultural
producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as those having
annual receipts less than $750,000, and small agricultural service firms are
defined as those whose annual receipts are less than $7,500,000 (13 CFR
121.201). Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for
fresh Florida tomatoes during the 2015-16 season was approximately $11.27 per
25-pound carton, and total fresh shipments were approximately 28.2 million
cartons. Using the average price and shipment information, number of handlers,
and assuming a normal distribution, the majority of handlers have average annual
receipts below $7,500,000. In addition, based on production data, an estimated
grower price of $6.25, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the
average annual grower revenue is above $750,000. Thus, a majority of the
handlers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities while a
majority of the producers may be classified as large entities. This proposal
would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee and collected
from handlers for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035
per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
handled. The proposed assessment rate of $0.035 is $.005 higher than the 2015-16
rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2016-17 season is estimated at
33 million 25-pound cartons. Thus, the $0.035 rate should provide $1,155,000 in
assessment income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds
from interest income, MAP funds, and block grants, should provide sufficient
funds to meet this year's anticipated expenses. The major expenditures
recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries,
$400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted
expenses for these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000,
respectively. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. Prior to arriving at this budget and
assessment rate, the Committee considered information from various sources, such
as the Committee's Executive Subcommittee, Research Subcommittee, and Education
and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative expenditure levels were discussed by
these groups, based upon the relative value of various activities to the tomato
industry. The Committee determined that 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 were
appropriate, and the recommended assessment rate, along with funds from interest
income, block grants, and funds from reserves, would be adequate to cover
budgeted expenses. A review of historical information and preliminary
information pertaining to the upcoming crop year indicates that the average
grower price for the 2016-17 season could be approximately $6.50 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the estimated assessment revenue for the 2016-17
crop year as a percentage of total grower revenue would be approximately 0.5
percent. This action would increase the assessment obligation imposed on
handlers. While assessments impose some additional costs on handlers, the costs
are minimal and uniform on all handlers. Some of the additional costs may be
passed on to producers. However, these costs would be offset by the benefits
derived by the operation of the marketing order. The Committee's meeting was
widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato industry, and all interested
persons were invited to attend the meeting and participate in Committee
deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee meetings, the August 16, 2016,
meeting was a public meeting, and all entities, both large and small, were able
to express views on this issue. Finally, interested persons are invited to
submit comments on this proposed rule, including the regulatory and
informational impacts of this action on small businesses. In accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), the order's information
collection requirements have been previously approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178 Vegetable and
Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as a result of
this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be submitted to OMB
for approval. This proposed rule would impose no additional reporting or
recordkeeping requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As
with all Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically
reviewed to reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and
public sector agencies. AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
to promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes. USDA has not identified any relevant Federal
rules that duplicate, overlap, or conflict with this action. A small business
guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing
agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Richard Lower at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section. A 15-day
comment period is provided to allow interested persons to respond to this
proposed rule. Fifteen days is deemed appropriate because: (1) The 2016-17
fiscal period began on August 1, 2016, and the marketing order requires that the
rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida
tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have
sufficient funds to pay its expenses, which are incurred on a continuous basis;
and (3) handlers are aware of this action, which was unanimously recommended by
the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966 Marketing
agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes. For the reasons
set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is proposed to be amended as follows:
PART 966--TOMATOES GROWN IN FLORIDA 0 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part
966 continues to read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 601-674. 0 2. Section
966.234 is revised to read as follows: Sec. 966.234 Assessment rate. On and
after August 1, 2016, an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25- pound carton is
established for Florida tomatoes. [[Page 84510]] Dated: November 18, 2016.
Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-28259 Filed 11-22-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-PDEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 966 [Doc. No.
AMS-SC-16-0088; SC16-966-1 PR] Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment
Rate AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This proposed rule would implement a recommendation from the Florida Tomato
Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the
2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production. Assessments upon Florida tomato handlers are used by the
Committee to fund reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal
period begins August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate would remain in
effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. DATES: Comments
must be received by December 8, 2016. ADDRESSES: Interested persons are invited
to submit written comments concerning this proposed rule. Comments must be sent
to the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty Crops
Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC
20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet: http://www.regulations.gov.
Comments should reference the document number and the date and page number of
this issue of the Federal Register and will be available for public [[Page
84508]] inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular business
hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments submitted
in response to this proposed rule will be included in the record and will be
made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Steven
W. Kauffman, Marketing Specialist, or Christian D. Nissen, Regional Director,
Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement Division,
Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 324-3375, Fax: (863)
291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov Small businesses may request information on
complying with this regulation by contacting Richard Lower, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax:
(202)720-8938, or Email: Richard.Lower@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
This proposed rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No.
966, both as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown
in Florida, hereinafter referred to as the ``order.'' The order is effective
under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C.
601- 674), hereinafter referred to as the ``Act.'' The Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is issuing this proposed rule in conformance with Executive Orders 12866,
13563, and 13175. This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order
12988, Civil Justice Reform. Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida
tomato handlers are subject to assessments. Funds to administer the order are
derived from such assessments. It is intended that the assessment rate as
proposed herein would be applicable to all assessable Florida tomatoes beginning
on August 1, 2016, and continue until amended, suspended, or terminated. The Act
provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before parties may
file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any handler subject to
an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the order, any provision of
the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with the order is not in
accordance with law and request a modification of the order or to be exempted
therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the
petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The Act provides
that the district court of the United States in any district in which the
handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of business, has
jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an action is
filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the ruling. This
proposed rule would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee
for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for
the Committee, with the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of
expenses and collect assessments from handlers to administer the program. The
members of the Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar
with the Committee's needs and with the costs of goods and services in their
local area and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and
assessment rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public
meeting. Thus, all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate
and provide input. For the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee
recommended, and USDA approved, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25- pound carton
of tomatoes that would continue in effect from fiscal period to fiscal period
unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and
information submitted by the Committee or other information available to USDA.
The Committee met on August 16, 2016, and unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,513,177.
The assessment rate of $0.035 is $0.005 higher than the rate currently in
effect. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. The major expenditures recommended
by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000
for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted expenses for
these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000, respectively. The
assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by dividing anticipated
expenses by expected shipments of Florida tomatoes. Florida tomato shipments for
the 2016-17 year are estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons, which should
provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from handler
assessments, along with interest income, block grants, and funds from the
Committee's authorized reserve, would be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.
Funds in the reserve (approximately $999,361) would be kept within the maximum
permitted by the order of no more than approximately one fiscal period's
expenses as stated in Sec. 966.44. The proposed assessment rate would continue
in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information submitted by the Committee or other available
information. Although this assessment rate would be in effect for an indefinite
period, the Committee would continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal
period to recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for
modification of the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings
are available from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the
public, and interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA
would evaluate Committee recommendations and other available information to
determine whether modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further
rulemaking would be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2016-17 budget and
those for subsequent fiscal periods would be reviewed and, as appropriate,
approved by USDA. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to
requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5 U.S.C.
601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic
impact of this proposed rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared
this initial regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit
regulatory actions to the scale of businesses subject to such actions in order
that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened.
Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and the rules issued thereunder,
are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially
[[Page 84509]] small entities acting on their own behalf. There are
approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and approximately
80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small agricultural
producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as those having
annual receipts less than $750,000, and small agricultural service firms are
defined as those whose annual receipts are less than $7,500,000 (13 CFR
121.201). Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for
fresh Florida tomatoes during the 2015-16 season was approximately $11.27 per
25-pound carton, and total fresh shipments were approximately 28.2 million
cartons. Using the average price and shipment information, number of handlers,
and assuming a normal distribution, the majority of handlers have average annual
receipts below $7,500,000. In addition, based on production data, an estimated
grower price of $6.25, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the
average annual grower revenue is above $750,000. Thus, a majority of the
handlers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities while a
majority of the producers may be classified as large entities. This proposal
would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee and collected
from handlers for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035
per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
handled. The proposed assessment rate of $0.035 is $.005 higher than the 2015-16
rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2016-17 season is estimated at
33 million 25-pound cartons. Thus, the $0.035 rate should provide $1,155,000 in
assessment income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds
from interest income, MAP funds, and block grants, should provide sufficient
funds to meet this year's anticipated expenses. The major expenditures
recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries,
$400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted
expenses for these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000,
respectively. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. Prior to arriving at this budget and
assessment rate, the Committee considered information from various sources, such
as the Committee's Executive Subcommittee, Research Subcommittee, and Education
and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative expenditure levels were discussed by
these groups, based upon the relative value of various activities to the tomato
industry. The Committee determined that 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 were
appropriate, and the recommended assessment rate, along with funds from interest
income, block grants, and funds from reserves, would be adequate to cover
budgeted expenses. A review of historical information and preliminary
information pertaining to the upcoming crop year indicates that the average
grower price for the 2016-17 season could be approximately $6.50 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the estimated assessment revenue for the 2016-17
crop year as a percentage of total grower revenue would be approximately 0.5
percent. This action would increase the assessment obligation imposed on
handlers. While assessments impose some additional costs on handlers, the costs
are minimal and uniform on all handlers. Some of the additional costs may be
passed on to producers. However, these costs would be offset by the benefits
derived by the operation of the marketing order. The Committee's meeting was
widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato industry, and all interested
persons were invited to attend the meeting and participate in Committee
deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee meetings, the August 16, 2016,
meeting was a public meeting, and all entities, both large and small, were able
to express views on this issue. Finally, interested persons are invited to
submit comments on this proposed rule, including the regulatory and
informational impacts of this action on small businesses. In accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), the order's information
collection requirements have been previously approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178 Vegetable and
Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as a result of
this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be submitted to OMB
for approval. This proposed rule would impose no additional reporting or
recordkeeping requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As
with all Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically
reviewed to reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and
public sector agencies. AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
to promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes. USDA has not identified any relevant Federal
rules that duplicate, overlap, or conflict with this action. A small business
guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing
agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Richard Lower at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section. A 15-day
comment period is provided to allow interested persons to respond to this
proposed rule. Fifteen days is deemed appropriate because: (1) The 2016-17
fiscal period began on August 1, 2016, and the marketing order requires that the
rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida
tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have
sufficient funds to pay its expenses, which are incurred on a continuous basis;
and (3) handlers are aware of this action, which was unanimously recommended by
the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966 Marketing
agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes. For the reasons
set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is proposed to be amended as follows:
PART 966--TOMATOES GROWN IN FLORIDA 0 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part
966 continues to read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 601-674. 0 2. Section
966.234 is revised to read as follows: Sec. 966.234 Assessment rate. On and
after August 1, 2016, an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25- pound carton is
established for Florida tomatoes. [[Page 84510]] Dated: November 18, 2016.
Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-28259 Filed 11-22-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              477 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment Rate Pages
84507 - 84510 [FR DOC # 2016-28259]

LENGTH: 2697  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 966 [Doc.
No. AMS-SC-16-0088; SC16-966-1 PR] Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased
Assessment Rate AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed
rule. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This proposed rule would implement a recommendation from the Florida
Tomato Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the
2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production.

Assessments upon Florida tomato handlers are used by the Committee to fund
reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal period begins
August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate would remain in effect
indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. DATES: Comments must be
received by December 8, 2016. ADDRESSES: Interested persons are invited to
submit written comments concerning this proposed rule. Comments must be sent to
the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty Crops
Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC
20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet: http://www.regulations.gov.
Comments should reference the document number and the date and page number of
this issue of the Federal Register and will be available for public [[Page
84508]] inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular business
hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments submitted
in response to this proposed rule will be included in the record and will be
made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Steven
W. Kauffman, Marketing Specialist, or Christian D. Nissen, Regional Director,
Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement Division,
Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 324-3375, Fax: (863)
291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov Small businesses may request information on
complying with this regulation by contacting Richard Lower, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax:
(202)720-8938, or Email: Richard.Lower@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
This proposed rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No.
966, both as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown
in Florida, hereinafter referred to as the ``order.'' The order is effective
under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C.
601- 674), hereinafter referred to as the ``Act.'' The Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is issuing this proposed rule in conformance with Executive Orders 12866,
13563, and 13175. This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order
12988, Civil Justice Reform. Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida
tomato handlers are subject to assessments. Funds to administer the order are
derived from such assessments. It is intended that the assessment rate as
proposed herein would be applicable to all assessable Florida tomatoes beginning
on August 1, 2016, and continue until amended, suspended, or terminated. The Act
provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before parties may
file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any handler subject to
an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the order, any provision of
the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with the order is not in
accordance with law and request a modification of the order or to be exempted
therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the
petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The Act provides
that the district court of the United States in any district in which the
handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of business, has
jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an action is
filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the ruling. This
proposed rule would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee
for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for
the Committee, with the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of
expenses and collect assessments from handlers to administer the program. The
members of the Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar
with the Committee's needs and with the costs of goods and services in their
local area and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and
assessment rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public
meeting. Thus, all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate
and provide input. For the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee
recommended, and USDA approved, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25- pound carton
of tomatoes that would continue in effect from fiscal period to fiscal period
unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and
information submitted by the Committee or other information available to USDA.
The Committee met on August 16, 2016, and unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,513,177.
The assessment rate of $0.035 is $0.005 higher than the rate currently in
effect. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. The major expenditures recommended
by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000
for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted expenses for
these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000, respectively. The
assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by dividing anticipated
expenses by expected shipments of Florida tomatoes. Florida tomato shipments for
the 2016-17 year are estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons, which should
provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from handler
assessments, along with interest income, block grants, and funds from the
Committee's authorized reserve, would be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.
Funds in the reserve (approximately $999,361) would be kept within the maximum
permitted by the order of no more than approximately one fiscal period's
expenses as stated in Sec. 966.44. The proposed assessment rate would continue
in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information submitted by the Committee or other available
information. Although this assessment rate would be in effect for an indefinite
period, the Committee would continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal
period to recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for
modification of the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings
are available from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the
public, and interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA
would evaluate Committee recommendations and other available information to
determine whether modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further
rulemaking would be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2016-17 budget and
those for subsequent fiscal periods would be reviewed and, as appropriate,
approved by USDA. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to
requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5 U.S.C.
601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic
impact of this proposed rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared
this initial regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit
regulatory actions to the scale of businesses subject to such actions in order
that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened.
Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and the rules issued thereunder,
are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially
[[Page 84509]] small entities acting on their own behalf. There are
approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and approximately
80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small agricultural
producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as those having
annual receipts less than $750,000, and small agricultural service firms are
defined as those whose annual receipts are less than $7,500,000 (13 CFR
121.201). Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for
fresh Florida tomatoes during the 2015-16 season was approximately $11.27 per
25-pound carton, and total fresh shipments were approximately 28.2 million
cartons. Using the average price and shipment information, number of handlers,
and assuming a normal distribution, the majority of handlers have average annual
receipts below $7,500,000. In addition, based on production data, an estimated
grower price of $6.25, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the
average annual grower revenue is above $750,000. Thus, a majority of the
handlers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities while a
majority of the producers may be classified as large entities. This proposal
would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee and collected
from handlers for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035
per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
handled. The proposed assessment rate of $0.035 is $.005 higher than the 2015-16
rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2016-17 season is estimated at
33 million 25-pound cartons. Thus, the $0.035 rate should provide $1,155,000 in
assessment income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds
from interest income, MAP funds, and block grants, should provide sufficient
funds to meet this year's anticipated expenses. The major expenditures
recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries,
$400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted
expenses for these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000,
respectively. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. Prior to arriving at this budget and
assessment rate, the Committee considered information from various sources, such
as the Committee's Executive Subcommittee, Research Subcommittee, and Education
and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative expenditure levels were discussed by
these groups, based upon the relative value of various activities to the tomato
industry. The Committee determined that 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 were
appropriate, and the recommended assessment rate, along with funds from interest
income, block grants, and funds from reserves, would be adequate to cover
budgeted expenses. A review of historical information and preliminary
information pertaining to the upcoming crop year indicates that the average
grower price for the 2016-17 season could be approximately $6.50 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the estimated assessment revenue for the 2016-17
crop year as a percentage of total grower revenue would be approximately 0.5
percent. This action would increase the assessment obligation imposed on
handlers. While assessments impose some additional costs on handlers, the costs
are minimal and uniform on all handlers. Some of the additional costs may be
passed on to producers. However, these costs would be offset by the benefits
derived by the operation of the marketing order. The Committee's meeting was
widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato industry, and all interested
persons were invited to attend the meeting and participate in Committee
deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee meetings, the August 16, 2016,
meeting was a public meeting, and all entities, both large and small, were able
to express views on this issue. Finally, interested persons are invited to
submit comments on this proposed rule, including the regulatory and
informational impacts of this action on small businesses. In accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), the order's information
collection requirements have been previously approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178 Vegetable and
Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as a result of
this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be submitted to OMB
for approval. This proposed rule would impose no additional reporting or
recordkeeping requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As
with all Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically
reviewed to reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and
public sector agencies. AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
to promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes. USDA has not identified any relevant Federal
rules that duplicate, overlap, or conflict with this action. A small business
guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing
agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Richard Lower at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section. A 15-day
comment period is provided to allow interested persons to respond to this
proposed rule. Fifteen days is deemed appropriate because: (1) The 2016-17
fiscal period began on August 1, 2016, and the marketing order requires that the
rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida
tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have
sufficient funds to pay its expenses, which are incurred on a continuous basis;
and (3) handlers are aware of this action, which was unanimously recommended by
the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966 Marketing
agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes. For the reasons
set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is proposed to be amended as follows:
PART 966--TOMATOES GROWN IN FLORIDA 0 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part
966 continues to read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 601-674. 0 2. Section
966.234 is revised to read as follows: Sec. 966.234 Assessment rate. On and
after August 1, 2016, an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25- pound carton is
established for Florida tomatoes. [[Page 84510]] Dated: November 18, 2016.
Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-28259 Filed 11-22-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              478 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment Rate Pages
84507 - 84510 [FR DOC # 2016-28259]

LENGTH: 2697  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service 7 CFR Part 966 [Doc.
No. AMS-SC-16-0088; SC16-966-1 PR] Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased
Assessment Rate AGENCY: Agricultural Marketing Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed
rule. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This proposed rule would implement a recommendation from the Florida
Tomato Committee (Committee) to increase the assessment rate established for the
2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes handled under the marketing order (order). The Committee locally
administers the order and is comprised of producers of tomatoes operating within
the area of production.

Assessments upon Florida tomato handlers are used by the Committee to fund
reasonable and necessary expenses of the program. The fiscal period begins
August 1 and ends July 31. The assessment rate would remain in effect
indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated. DATES: Comments must be
received by December 8, 2016. ADDRESSES: Interested persons are invited to
submit written comments concerning this proposed rule. Comments must be sent to
the Docket Clerk, Marketing Order and Agreement Division, Specialty Crops
Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC
20250-0237; Fax: (202) 720-8938; or Internet: http://www.regulations.gov.
Comments should reference the document number and the date and page number of
this issue of the Federal Register and will be available for public [[Page
84508]] inspection in the Office of the Docket Clerk during regular business
hours, or can be viewed at: http://www.regulations.gov. All comments submitted
in response to this proposed rule will be included in the record and will be
made available to the public. Please be advised that the identity of the
individuals or entities submitting the comments will be made public on the
Internet at the address provided above. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Steven
W. Kauffman, Marketing Specialist, or Christian D. Nissen, Regional Director,
Southeast Marketing Field Office, Marketing Order and Agreement Division,
Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA; Telephone: (863) 324-3375, Fax: (863)
291-8614, or Email: Steven.Kauffman@ams.usda.gov or
Christian.Nissen@ams.usda.gov Small businesses may request information on
complying with this regulation by contacting Richard Lower, Marketing Order and
Agreement Division, Specialty Crops Program, AMS, USDA, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., STOP 0237, Washington, DC 20250-0237; Telephone: (202) 720-2491, Fax:
(202)720-8938, or Email: Richard.Lower@ams.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
This proposed rule is issued under Marketing Agreement No. 125 and Order No.
966, both as amended (7 CFR part 966), regulating the handling of tomatoes grown
in Florida, hereinafter referred to as the ``order.'' The order is effective
under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, as amended (7 U.S.C.
601- 674), hereinafter referred to as the ``Act.'' The Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is issuing this proposed rule in conformance with Executive Orders 12866,
13563, and 13175. This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order
12988, Civil Justice Reform. Under the marketing order now in effect, Florida
tomato handlers are subject to assessments. Funds to administer the order are
derived from such assessments. It is intended that the assessment rate as
proposed herein would be applicable to all assessable Florida tomatoes beginning
on August 1, 2016, and continue until amended, suspended, or terminated. The Act
provides that administrative proceedings must be exhausted before parties may
file suit in court. Under section 608c(15)(A) of the Act, any handler subject to
an order may file with USDA a petition stating that the order, any provision of
the order, or any obligation imposed in connection with the order is not in
accordance with law and request a modification of the order or to be exempted
therefrom. Such handler is afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the
petition. After the hearing, USDA would rule on the petition. The Act provides
that the district court of the United States in any district in which the
handler is an inhabitant, or has his or her principal place of business, has
jurisdiction to review USDA's ruling on the petition, provided an action is
filed not later than 20 days after the date of the entry of the ruling. This
proposed rule would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee
for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. The Florida tomato marketing order provides authority for
the Committee, with the approval of USDA, to formulate an annual budget of
expenses and collect assessments from handlers to administer the program. The
members of the Committee are producers of Florida tomatoes. They are familiar
with the Committee's needs and with the costs of goods and services in their
local area and are thus in a position to formulate an appropriate budget and
assessment rate. The assessment rate is formulated and discussed in a public
meeting. Thus, all directly affected persons have an opportunity to participate
and provide input. For the 2015-16 and subsequent fiscal periods, the Committee
recommended, and USDA approved, an assessment rate of $0.03 per 25- pound carton
of tomatoes that would continue in effect from fiscal period to fiscal period
unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon recommendation and
information submitted by the Committee or other information available to USDA.
The Committee met on August 16, 2016, and unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
of tomatoes. In comparison, last year's budgeted expenditures were $1,513,177.
The assessment rate of $0.035 is $0.005 higher than the rate currently in
effect. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. The major expenditures recommended
by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries, $400,000
for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted expenses for
these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000, respectively. The
assessment rate recommended by the Committee was derived by dividing anticipated
expenses by expected shipments of Florida tomatoes. Florida tomato shipments for
the 2016-17 year are estimated at 33 million 25-pound cartons, which should
provide $1,155,000 in assessment income. Income derived from handler
assessments, along with interest income, block grants, and funds from the
Committee's authorized reserve, would be adequate to cover budgeted expenses.
Funds in the reserve (approximately $999,361) would be kept within the maximum
permitted by the order of no more than approximately one fiscal period's
expenses as stated in Sec. 966.44. The proposed assessment rate would continue
in effect indefinitely unless modified, suspended, or terminated by USDA upon
recommendation and information submitted by the Committee or other available
information. Although this assessment rate would be in effect for an indefinite
period, the Committee would continue to meet prior to or during each fiscal
period to recommend a budget of expenses and consider recommendations for
modification of the assessment rate. The dates and times of Committee meetings
are available from the Committee or USDA. Committee meetings are open to the
public, and interested persons may express their views at these meetings. USDA
would evaluate Committee recommendations and other available information to
determine whether modification of the assessment rate is needed. Further
rulemaking would be undertaken as necessary. The Committee's 2016-17 budget and
those for subsequent fiscal periods would be reviewed and, as appropriate,
approved by USDA. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to
requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) (5 U.S.C.
601-612), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic
impact of this proposed rule on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared
this initial regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit
regulatory actions to the scale of businesses subject to such actions in order
that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened.
Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and the rules issued thereunder,
are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially
[[Page 84509]] small entities acting on their own behalf. There are
approximately 100 producers of tomatoes in the production area and approximately
80 handlers subject to regulation under the marketing order. Small agricultural
producers are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as those having
annual receipts less than $750,000, and small agricultural service firms are
defined as those whose annual receipts are less than $7,500,000 (13 CFR
121.201). Based on industry and Committee data, the average annual price for
fresh Florida tomatoes during the 2015-16 season was approximately $11.27 per
25-pound carton, and total fresh shipments were approximately 28.2 million
cartons. Using the average price and shipment information, number of handlers,
and assuming a normal distribution, the majority of handlers have average annual
receipts below $7,500,000. In addition, based on production data, an estimated
grower price of $6.25, and the total number of Florida tomato growers, the
average annual grower revenue is above $750,000. Thus, a majority of the
handlers of Florida tomatoes may be classified as small entities while a
majority of the producers may be classified as large entities. This proposal
would increase the assessment rate established for the Committee and collected
from handlers for the 2016-17 and subsequent fiscal periods from $0.03 to $0.035
per 25-pound carton of tomatoes. The Committee unanimously recommended 2016-17
expenditures of $1,494,600 and an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25-pound carton
handled. The proposed assessment rate of $0.035 is $.005 higher than the 2015-16
rate. The quantity of assessable tomatoes for the 2016-17 season is estimated at
33 million 25-pound cartons. Thus, the $0.035 rate should provide $1,155,000 in
assessment income. Income derived from handler assessments, along with funds
from interest income, MAP funds, and block grants, should provide sufficient
funds to meet this year's anticipated expenses. The major expenditures
recommended by the Committee for the 2016-17 year include $450,000 for salaries,
$400,000 for research, and $400,000 for education and promotion. Budgeted
expenses for these items in 2015- 16 were $435,377, $400,000, and $400,000,
respectively. At the current assessment rate, assessment income would equal only
$990,000, an amount insufficient to cover the Committee's anticipated
expenditures of $1,494,600. The Committee considered the proposed expenses and
recommended increasing the assessment rate. Prior to arriving at this budget and
assessment rate, the Committee considered information from various sources, such
as the Committee's Executive Subcommittee, Research Subcommittee, and Education
and Promotion Subcommittee. Alternative expenditure levels were discussed by
these groups, based upon the relative value of various activities to the tomato
industry. The Committee determined that 2016-17 expenditures of $1,494,600 were
appropriate, and the recommended assessment rate, along with funds from interest
income, block grants, and funds from reserves, would be adequate to cover
budgeted expenses. A review of historical information and preliminary
information pertaining to the upcoming crop year indicates that the average
grower price for the 2016-17 season could be approximately $6.50 per 25-pound
carton of tomatoes. Therefore, the estimated assessment revenue for the 2016-17
crop year as a percentage of total grower revenue would be approximately 0.5
percent. This action would increase the assessment obligation imposed on
handlers. While assessments impose some additional costs on handlers, the costs
are minimal and uniform on all handlers. Some of the additional costs may be
passed on to producers. However, these costs would be offset by the benefits
derived by the operation of the marketing order. The Committee's meeting was
widely publicized throughout the Florida tomato industry, and all interested
persons were invited to attend the meeting and participate in Committee
deliberations on all issues. Like all Committee meetings, the August 16, 2016,
meeting was a public meeting, and all entities, both large and small, were able
to express views on this issue. Finally, interested persons are invited to
submit comments on this proposed rule, including the regulatory and
informational impacts of this action on small businesses. In accordance with the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), the order's information
collection requirements have been previously approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) and assigned OMB No. 0581-0178 Vegetable and
Specialty Crops. No changes in those requirements are necessary as a result of
this action. Should any changes become necessary, they would be submitted to OMB
for approval. This proposed rule would impose no additional reporting or
recordkeeping requirements on either small or large Florida tomato handlers. As
with all Federal marketing order programs, reports and forms are periodically
reviewed to reduce information requirements and duplication by industry and
public sector agencies. AMS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
to promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes. USDA has not identified any relevant Federal
rules that duplicate, overlap, or conflict with this action. A small business
guide on complying with fruit, vegetable, and specialty crop marketing
agreements and orders may be viewed at:
http://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/moa/small-businesses. Any questions
about the compliance guide should be sent to Richard Lower at the previously
mentioned address in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section. A 15-day
comment period is provided to allow interested persons to respond to this
proposed rule. Fifteen days is deemed appropriate because: (1) The 2016-17
fiscal period began on August 1, 2016, and the marketing order requires that the
rate of assessment for each fiscal period apply to all assessable Florida
tomatoes handled during such fiscal period; (2) the Committee needs to have
sufficient funds to pay its expenses, which are incurred on a continuous basis;
and (3) handlers are aware of this action, which was unanimously recommended by
the Committee at a public meeting and is similar to other assessment rate
actions issued in past years. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 966 Marketing
agreements, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Tomatoes. For the reasons
set forth in the preamble, 7 CFR part 966 is proposed to be amended as follows:
PART 966--TOMATOES GROWN IN FLORIDA 0 1. The authority citation for 7 CFR part
966 continues to read as follows: Authority: 7 U.S.C. 601-674. 0 2. Section
966.234 is revised to read as follows: Sec. 966.234 Assessment rate. On and
after August 1, 2016, an assessment rate of $0.035 per 25- pound carton is
established for Florida tomatoes. [[Page 84510]] Dated: November 18, 2016.
Elanor Starmer, Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-28259 Filed 11-22-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-02-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              479 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Community garden to be rebuilt

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 282 words


Charred fruits and vegetables riddle the ground of the Cannon Ball Community
Garden after a 5,000-acre fire roared through the community over the weekend.

"This week, we were going to open (the garden) up to families to 'pick and
pack,' so it was going to be open to the community to pick what fruits and
vegetables they need," said North Dakota State University Sioux County Extension
agent Sue Isbell.

The garden still had peppers, tomatoes, squash, watermelon, chard, lettuce,
lettuce and other cool season crops.

"We had quite a bit yet to harvest," Isbell said. "I'm just glad that our kids
and our families and our community is safe. The garden is just things. It can be
replanted and rebuilt."

And that's what Isbell plans to do next year.

The metal frame of the garden's small high tunnel remains, and Isbell expects
they'll be able to continue using it. Some raised beds may need to be rebuilt.

"We'll go in there and start from scratch," she said. "It's way too important to
our communities and our kids. It'll be reconstructed and in production by
spring."

This summer was the first year the garden, which is located at Cannon Ball
Elementary School, produced food. Another community garden in Cannon Ball will
produce its first crop in the spring. There are also two other community gardens
in Fort Yates.

The gardens were developed with U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty Crop
Block Grants. Students at the elementary school used the garden as an outdoor
classroom. Fruits and vegetables produced were taken to local farmers market,
where elderly community members could purchase them using food vouchers.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              480 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

State potato commission joins Asia trade mission

BYLINE: Tiffany Sukola, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


Oct. 25--MOSES LAKE -- Members of the Washington State Potato Commission are
gearing up to talk potatoes with government officials and industry
representatives in various parts of Southeast Asia.

WSPC Executive Director Chris Voigt, marketing director Ryan Holterhoff and
commissioners Jared Balcom and Ted Tshirky will join state Department of
Agriculture director Bud Hover and representatives from the Oregon Department of
Agriculture and the Oregon Potato Commission on a trade mission to the
Philippines, Vietnam and Myanmar next week.

The Philippines is the state's fourth largest export market for ag products,
with exports to the country reaching $521 million in 2012, according to a WSDA
statement. Washington also exported $80.2 million in food products to Vietnam
and $5.6 million to Myanmar that same year.

Myanmar opened its markets to Washington food products in 2011.

"More than 30 percent of everything grown on Washington farms is exported
overseas, making the export market critical for our state's $49 billion
agriculture industry," said Hover in the statement.

Hover also said expanding existing markets, especially for potatoes, can lead to
more opportunities and more jobs overall for the state's agriculture sector.

Washington's potato industry was valued at $700 million in 2012 and supports an
estimated 23,000 jobs, according to WSDA. The industry also contributes $4.6
billion annually to the state's economy.

In addition, Voigt said more than 90 percent of the nearly 10 billion pounds of
potatoes grown in state each year will leave the state and about half of those
will be shipped to international markets.

"Washington is home to the highest yielding potato fields in the world and the
quality potatoes our growers consistently produce are desired throughout many
countries," he said. "We continue to see international exports play a larger
role for our industry and we look forward to building upon that success with our
trade mission."

The trade mission kicks off in Manila on Oct. 28. Delegates will hold a seminar
for local chefs focusing on new ways of preparing potatoes to help drive
interest among local consumers.

Similar seminars will take place when they visit Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in
Vietnam.

In Myanmar, the mission will focus on exploring the region to get a better sense
of how growers can best serve consumers in that country.

Throughout the trip, delegates will also meet with government officials to
discuss market access issues, such as tariffs.

The trade mission is being funded through a national Department of Agriculture
Specialty Crop Block Grant that is intended to grow the market for specialty
crops from Oregon and Washington.

___ (c)2014 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141025-1CO-State-potato-commission-joins-Asia-trade-mission-1025-20141025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2014 Columbia Basin Herald

                              481 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Utah: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers and the Agricultural Act of 2014

LENGTH: 946  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Economic Research Service, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:


Support for beginning farmers and ranchers can be found throughout the
Agricultural Act of 2014. The Act provides increased funding for beginning
farmer development, facilitates the transfer of farmland to the next generation
of farmers, and improves outreach and communication to military veterans about
farming and ranching opportunities. Among the provisions, the Act reauthorizes
and increases funding for the Conservation Reserve Program Transition Incentives
Program to $33 million (available until expended) during 2014-18 to assist
retired or retiring farmers transfer their land to beginning farmers or ranchers
and other targeted groups of farmers. The Act reauthorizes and increases funding
to a total of $100 million over 2014-18 for the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program, establishes a Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison to
provide information to returning veterans about beginning farmer training
programs, and provides ways for these veterans to connect with the program. The
Act also makes a technical change that alters the acreage limit in the
definition of a "qualified beginning farmer or rancher"; under the new
definition, more producers may qualify for the USDA Farm Service Agency's Direct
Farm Ownership loan program as beginning farmers and ranchers.

In sum, the Agricultural Act of 2014 contains beginning farmer and rancher
provisions in nearly every title. This article discusses major provisions
affecting beginning farmer and ranchers, but is not an exhaustive list. Readers
are encouraged to consult Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, in Agricultural Act of
2014: Highlights and Implications for a complete list of provisions.
Addressing Demographic Trends and a Need for Beginning Farmer Development

In 1982, based on Census of Agriculture data, 38 percent of principal operators
had less than 10 years of experience farming; by 2007, only 26 percent had such
experience. Today, beginning farms--farms headed and completely operated by
farmers with 10 or fewer years of experience--make up just 17.2 percent of
family farms (362,470 farms). Further, not all beginning farmers are young
people. On average, the principal operator of a beginning farm is 49 years old.
However, with the aging of the overall farm operator population, the average
beginning farmer is still 11 years younger than the average principal operator
of an established farm (60 years old). Beginning farmers are also more likely to
be female than established farmers; nearly one in five principal operators of a
beginning farm is female (69,957 beginning farms are headed by a female
operator).

In the face of declining farming entrance, encouraging and supporting new
farmers is a priority of the Agricultural Act of 2014. The Beginning Farmer and
Rancher Development Program received a cumulative $100 million for 2014-2018 to
provide funds, training, education, outreach, and technical assistance to
beginning farmers and ranchers. This represents a continuation of the program
established by the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 and a 33-percent
increase in its funding.

The Agricultural Act of 2014 also includes other provisions that could build and
support new and growing markets. Beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers who wish to enter value-added activities may find assistance from
the Value-Added Agricultural Market Development Grants program. The program
assists producers with creating new products and market opportunities, as well
as expanding their market reach. In addition, proposed projects by beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, among certain other operators, are
given priority. Funding for this program has been increased by $48 million and
is now $63 million in total.

The Specialty Crop Block Grants program is available to help farmers become
competitive producers of fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture). Under the Farm Act,
the program's funding was increased to $72.5 million for each of fiscal years
2014-17 and $85 million per year thereafter. As a way of assisting engagement in
local food markets, the Act expanded and renamed the Farmers' Market Promotion
Program. The program, now known as the Farmers' Market and Local Food Promotion
Program, assists farmers, including growers of specialty crops, with access to
local food markets. The program's scope has been expanded to include assistance
to intermediaries--local and regional food enterprises that process, distribute,
aggregate, store, and/or market locally or regionally produced food products.

Beginning farmers and ranchers may wish to operate organic farms or handle
organic produce, and the 2014 Farm Act included increased support for organic
agriculture. The National Organic Certification Cost-Share Program is available
to assist with certification costs, and funding has more than doubled from the
2008 Farm Act's mandate, to $57.5 million over the lifespan of the Act. Funding
for organic research has also increased, and conservation practices related to
organic production and transition continue to be eligible for payments under an
Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) provision added in the 2008 Farm
Act.

Together, these programs, in many cases expanded in terms of scope and available
funding, may address obstacles that beginning farmers and ranchers face when
establishing an operation, growing their farm businesses, and participating in
local and regional food markets.

For further information please visit: http://ers.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              482 of 814 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             June 8, 2005 Wednesday

The fresh factor;
The open-air market becomes a summertime staple

BYLINE: KATHRYN REM

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 1372 words


Tiffany Gerdes was perusing the stands of fresh produce at the farmers market in
Jacksonville's Lincoln Square last Thursday morning, searching for just the
right vegetables to eat for lunch.

"I can't wait for the green beans to come in. I love them," said the Chapin
woman, who works in a shoe store just yards away from the market. She settled on
radishes and peas, a colorful combo for the woman's raw noontime meal. Farmers
markets - where consumers can buy just-picked, seasonal fruits, vegetables and
other foodstuffs from local growers - are popping up in communities nationwide.

There were 3,706 of them in 2004, a jump of 111 percent in the last decade,
according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

In Illinois this year there are 162 farmers markets, up from 97 in 1999.

Bob Reese, a marketing representative with the Illinois Department of
Agriculture, said demand and popularity are fueling the boom in open-air
marketplaces.

"In the mid '60s and early '70s we saw a lot of roadside produce stands, but
many of those died out when the producers retired," he said. Supermarkets
started offering a wider variety of produce - including some locally grown
fruits and vegetables - and customers gradually shifted to grocery stores, he
said.

But in recent years, interest in fresh-from-the-farm foods has surged, fueled in
part by headlines about environmental pollutants, genetically modified
organisms, food safety and the dearth of small- and medium-sized farms.

"Consumers know the produce is fresh and picked just ahead of the market," said
Reese. "For the producer, it's a nice alternative income."

Jacksonville, a city of 20,000, has two farmers markets, and they are among the
oldest in the state.

In the early 1970s, a market was formed in downtown Jacksonville, in part to
draw people into the central city. But as more vendors became interested, space
became tight.

A group of vendors decided to start a second venue in a location with more room
and parking. They eventually ended up at 901 W. Morton Ave., in the parking lot
of Lincoln Square, a shopping center anchored by a JC Penney store. Grocery
stores and a Wal-Mart are nearby.

"We came out here because of the traffic," said Shirley Gregory, one of
downtown's original vendors who switched to the Lincoln Square site several
decades ago. "There were no customers downtown and parking was a problem."

"Downtown was three miles out of the way," said Tom Vorbeck, an apple seller and
treasurer of the Lincoln Square market. He said consumers want convenience, and
that means a market near where they do their other shopping. It also means
close-up parking, especially helpful when shoppers haul weighty pumpkins and
watermelons to their cars.

Despite the offshoot market, the Jacksonville Downtown Farmers Market on Central
Park Plaza has survived for more than 30 years.

"We're struggling right now," said Kaye Green, president of the Heart of
Jacksonville, a downtown booster group and sponsor of the market. She's seeking
more vendors to fill out the small but determined group who sell fruits,
vegetables and baked goods there.

The downtown market is open from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The
Lincoln Square market runs from 7 a.m. to noon on Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturdays.

There is no standard format for a farmers market.

Some, like the Lincoln Square market in Jacksonville, are run by the vendors who
sell there. Others are coordinated by an outside organization, such as a
downtown merchant's association, a Chamber of Commerce, a business or a city or
county government. Springfield's Old Capitol Farmers Market is managed by
Downtown Springfield Inc., which works to strengthen the city's central area.

Another difference between markets is what they sell.

Some allow vendors to buy from outside sources and resell at a profit. But
others, including those at Jacksonville and Springfield, ban reselling. All
goods have to be grown or made by the vendor.

"We're a producers-only market," said Vorbeck, who sells apples at Lincoln
Square through his Applesource farm near Chapin. "You can talk to the grower and
know that it's fresh."

Some markets allow the sale of non-food items such as arts and crafts. Others
have requirements that permit vendors to offer highly perishable items such as
meat, chicken, cheese and milk.

Money is another issue.

The Lincoln Square market - which pays rent to the shopping center - is funded
by vendor fees. Others, like Springfield's, seek sponsors. St. John's Hospital
is the main sponsor of the Old Capitol Farmers Market.

The government also helps subsidize farmers markets through the federal
specialty crop block grant program. In 2001, Illinois received $900,000 through
the program to assist farmers markets and growers of specialty crops with
marketing and promotion. Another $200,000 was released last week.

"It takes a good variety of produce to make a strong farmers market," said
Illinois Department of Agriculture director Chuck Hartke, who was at the Lincoln
Square market last week to announce the release of the new block grants. "When
the housewife wants to go shopping, she doesn't just want strawberries. She
wants tomatoes and potatoes and peas and beans."

And she wants the market to open as soon in the season as possible.

Although consumers clamor for asparagus and lettuce as soon as the weather
warms, only a few vendors typically grow early-season crops. To make a trip to
the market worthwhile for shoppers, organizers need to find vendors with goods
to sell in May and early June. Baked goods, flowers, herbs, crafts and
greenhouse produce often fill the void until garden crops are harvested.

At Lincoln Square, the hydroponic tomato is the early-season anchor. Rosemary
and Merle Garrett, who operate Garrett Hygroponics near Chambersburg, grow
tomatoes most of the year in greenhouses supplied with nutrient-rich water
instead of soil. (The couple also sells at the Springfield market.) Vorbeck said
the flavorful tomatoes draw large numbers of customers.

Strawberries, he said, are another strong seller, followed later in the season
by peaches, green beans, onions, melons, peppers, garden tomatoes, sweet corn
and apples.

Shoppers come for those core products, said Voybeck, and then are enticed by
other offerings.

"Once you have an established market that is doing well, and word of mouth gets
out, you get specialty vendors willing to come from long distances. We're
grabbing people from 100 miles away, which is pretty good for a city as small as
Jacksonville."

Vendors at farmers markets can be a good source for recipes. These come from
Rosalie Vanderpool of Vanderpool Orchard and Apiary in Arenzville. She sells
honey, peaches and apples at Jacksonville's Lincoln Square market and
Springfield's downtown market.

Honey Herb Sauce for Vegetables

1/4 cup honey

1/4 cup butter or margarine

2 tablespoons onion, minced

1/2 teaspoon thyme, crushed

Salt and pepper, to taste

Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a boil; cook 2 minutes.
Toss with cooked vegetables of choice (such as peas, zucchini, spinach,
broccoli, green beans). Serve over couscous as a vegetarian entree or alone as a
side dish.

Makes about 2/3 cup.

Per tablespoon: 70 calories, 0 g protein, 7 g carbohydrate, 5 g fat, 10 mg
cholesterol, 0 g fiber, 35 mg sodium.

Asian-Style Vegetable Stir-Fry

1/4 cup honey

1/4 cup prepared stir-fry sauce

1/4 teaspoon (or more) crushed red pepper flakes

4 teaspoons peanut or vegetable oil

2 cups small broccoli florets

2 cups small mushrooms

1 small onion, cut into wedges and separated into 1-inch strips

1 medium carrot, cut diagonally into 1/3-inch slices

Combine honey, stir-fry sauce and pepper flakes in a small bowl; set aside.

Heat oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Add vegetables; cook
and stir vegetables 2 to 3 minutes or until tender. Add honey mixture; cook and
stir about 1 minute or until vegetables are glazed and sauce is bubbly. Serve
vegetables over steamed rice or cooked noodles.

Serves 4.

Per serving: 170 calories, 3 g protein, 28 g carbohydrate, 6 g fat, 0 mg
cholesterol, 2 g fiber, 160 mg sodium.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Brenda Conn answers questions from Lavonne Holloway at the Lincoln
Square farmers market in Jacksonville. Holloway visits the market every other
week and left Saturday with tomatoes, asparagus and a blooming pink penta
plant.; 2. Flowers and herbs are abundant early in the season, before many
vegetables are ready.

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register

                              483 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

$150,000 headed to N.D. grape group

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words


Oct. 27--FARGO, N.D. -- The North Dakota Grape Growers Association was notified
Oct. 20 that it will receive a $30,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. That's another $120,000 of state funds for development in the
state.

"This will help our industry on a variety of fronts," says Greg Krieger of
Galesburg, N.D., a crop consultant and president of the grape growers, who help
lead the newly formed state Grape and Wine Program Committee. The committee met
for the first time Sept. 17 and likely will meet in November to consider their
next steps.

The 2009 Legislature approved spending up to $250,000 for the 2009 to '10
biennium, on 4-to-1 match of state general funds to other private or grant
funds. It would take $62,500 in matching dollars to trigger all of the
appropriation. USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant, administered through the North
Dakota Department of Agriculture, qualifies as a match.

There are 34 vineyards in the state in 19 of the state's 53 counties.

Growers have some 18,000 grape vines, according to the association. As with
other crops, grapes suffered this year from not getting enough heat units to
ripen the grapes.

"We delayed harvest as long as we could get them ripe, but it was a battle,"
says Krieger, who operates Long Shadow Vineyard. This growing season came after
the second year in a row of colder-than-average temperatures and increased
winterkill.

The new Grape and Wine Program Committee is focused on improving the industry.

In mid-September, the new committee met for the first time and talked, among
other things, about where it might spend some of the funding, assuming that the
matching grant could be acquired.

Variety research is one of the initial objectives, Krieger says.

"What we really need are some good-quality, cold-hardy, early-maturing wine
grape varieties that will thrive in our state," Krieger says.

NDSU is doing some varietal screenings.

"There are some varieties that live here, but so many of them have a shortcoming
in one area or another -- maybe they're not hardy enough; maybe they can't
mature in our seasons or don't make good win," he says.

The group discussed preliminary goals for variety standards.

Red varieties, for example, would need to have moderate tannin structure and
would need to survive at 40 below zero Fahrenheit. They would need to achieve 23
percent sugar content and a pH level of 3.3.

White grapes, on the other hand, need to achieve 20 percent sugar and a pH of
3.2. Both would need to ripen with growing degree days, using GDD parameters
similar to the corn production. Grapes are perennials and their GDDs are
measured from May 1.

Krieger says the committee hopes for some rapid screening of cultivars.

Under normal conditions, it takes five years or more to grow a new variety from
seed and to the wine production, which can be evaluated.

Recent Minnesota releases -- Marquette, Frontenac, Frontenac gris and La
Crescent -- came with great expectations, but it turns out they aren't
cold-hardy enough for much of North Dakota, Krieger says. Those four varieties
currently account for one in three wine grape vines grown in the state.

"They shouldn't be planted in cold locations," Krieger says.

"Plus, I think they need closer to 2,200 GDDs for ripeness, or even 2,300,"
Krieger says. "That might be a very good group of varieties for South Dakota,
but too tender and too long-seasoned for much of North Dakota."

Krieger says the committee also will work on ways to encourage more wineries and
more grapes being grown in the state. Grower education and public awareness
about such things as herbicide spray drift will be a part of that.

The committee already decided to spend some of the expected grant funding on
hiring Mark Hart, owner of Mount Ashwabay Vineyard and Orchard of Bayfield,
Wis., as a consultant to study the state's existing facilities and future needs.

The committee was officially established July 1, and members were selected in
late August. They include Krieger, as a designee of the North Dakota
commissioner of agriculture; Tom Plocher of Hugo, Minn., designee of the North
Dakota State University vice president for agriculture and university extension;
Jeff Peterson, Burlington, N.D., designee of the North Dakota governor; Jacob
Belanger of Hawley, Minn., designee of the Department of Commerce; Rodney Howe
of Hettinger, N.D., chairman of the State Board of Agricultural Research and
Education; Rod Ballinger of Fargo, N.D., and Allen Verbitsky of Sawyer, N.D,
both designees of the North Dakota Grape Growers Association.

Ballinger, owner of Bear Creek Winery in south Fargo, was named chairman of the
committee. Members serve two-year terms, beginning in the first of each
odd-numbered year and may be reappointed. The growers association, which
includes wineries and grape growers, appoints one of its two designees to the
chairmanship.

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091027-AW-GRAPE-GROWERS-GRANT-20091027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2009 Agweek

                              484 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Seed-saving class registration open now

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 141 words


The next in the seed-saving series by Cultivating Community North Valley is
harvesting and winnowing cool season crops with redwood seeds.

It's 10 a.m. to noon June 28 and preregistration is required online at
cultivatingcommunitynv.org . Class is limited to 25 people and registration
priority is given to income-eligible participants, who may attend at no charge.
Income-ineligible participants may sign a waiting list. If space becomes
available, CCNV will contact people within one week of the event. Cost will be
$10, due day of the event at sign in.

The class meets at the Chico Grange seed garden, 2275 Nord Ave.

Cultivating Community North Valley is supported by a 2011 speciality crop block
grant from the California Department of Food and Agriculture awarded to the
Chico State University Chico Research Foundation, directed by Lee Altier.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              485 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

Senate, House negotiators begin final push for farm bill

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON _ House and Senate negotiators on Thursday staged their first
face-to-face bargaining session over a long-delayed farm bill, whose details are
still being crafted in private.

Eight months after the House passed its farm bill version, and four months after
the Senate acted, negotiators convened for 45 minutes to start the final,
crucial phase of their work.

"I know many of you had doubts we would ever make it to this point," said Rep.
Collin Peterson, the Minnesota Democrat who chairs the House Agriculture
Committee.

With lawmakers now facing an April 18 deadline, the outlines of a final package
are already apparent. The bill will devote a record amount to fruits and
vegetables, though less than specialty crop producers originally sought.
Commodities like cotton, rice and wheat will largely retain their current
subsidies. Some payment limits will be tightened, though not nearly as much as
reformers hoped.

"I think we are probably 80 percent of the way through the technical issues,"
said Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Calif.

The remaining 20 percent, though, encompasses the toughest questions, including
how to pay for new spending and how to craft a new permanent disaster program
favored by Midwestern lawmakers. Negotiators expect to meet again by next
Tuesday to assess progress.

Cardoza is one of 49 House negotiators, named because he chairs the House
horticulture and organic agriculture panel. The Senate named 11 negotiators. The
sprawling 60-member conference committee is larger than most; the 2002 farm
bill, for instance, was written by 48 negotiators.

"It's certainly gargantuan," Cardoza said of this year's combined team.

In theory, the conference committee is where the House's 1,154-page bill and
accompanying report is reconciled with the Senate's 1,572-page bill and
accompanying report.

In practice, the brief public meeting Thursday served essentially a symbolic
purpose. A few senior lawmakers positioned themselves with introductory
comments, and then adjourned so negotiations could occur at a more discreet,
member-to-member and staff-to-staff level.

Some of the unresolved conflicts are very narrow and specific to certain
regions. Others cover a big turf.

"There are significant differences and disagreements, to be sure," said
Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry Committee.

California lawmakers, for instance, are insisting the new farm bill should allow
Agriculture Department environmental funds to be used to cut air pollution in
areas like that state's Central Valley. Negotiators are still ironing out the
language, which could help farmers pay for new cleaner-running pumps or
tractors.

Unhappy asparagus producers in California and Michigan represent another
unresolved conflict. The Senate bill includes $15 million for asparagus farmers
hurt by international trade; the House bill does not include the targeted money.

All told, the farm bill has a five-year price tag of $280 billion. More than
half of this will pay for food stamps and other nutrition programs.

The package outline includes $1.35 billion designated for fruit and vegetable
programs, which include block grants to states and specialty crop research.
Several hundred million dollars in additional funding would pay for expanding an
existing fruits-and-vegetables snack program to all 50 states. Currently, the
healthy snack program is limited to 14 states, including North Carolina,
Washington, Pennsylvania and Texas.

House members, in hopes of avoiding politically unpalatable tax hikes, now
propose to offset some $5.5 billion of the farm bill's costs through improved
tax compliance on business revenue from credit card sales.

___

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080410-BC-FARM-FARMBILL-CORRECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                              486 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

Senate, House negotiators begin final push for farm bill

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON _ House and Senate negotiators on Thursday staged their first
face-to-face bargaining session over a long-delayed farm bill, whose details are
still being crafted in private.

Eight months after the House passed its farm bill version, and four months after
the Senate acted, negotiators convened for 45 minutes to start the final,
crucial phase of their work.

"I know many of you had doubts we would ever make it to this point," said Rep.
Collin Peterson, the Minnesota Democrat who chairs the House Agriculture
Committee.

With lawmakers now facing an April 18 deadline, the outlines of a final package
are already apparent. The bill will devote a record amount to fruits and
vegetables, though less than specialty crop producers originally sought.
Commodities like cotton, rice and wheat will largely retain their current
subsidies. Some payment limits will be tightened, though not nearly as much as
reformers hoped.

"I think we are probably 80 percent of the way through the technical issues,"
said Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Calif.

The remaining 20 percent, though, encompasses the toughest questions, including
how to pay for new spending and how to craft a new permanent disaster program
favored by Midwestern lawmakers. Negotiators expect to meet again by next
Tuesday to assess progress.

Cardoza is one of 49 House negotiators, named because he chairs the House
horticulture and organic agriculture panel. The Senate named 11 negotiators. The
sprawling 60-member conference committee is larger than most; the 2002 farm
bill, for instance, was written by 48 negotiators.

"It's certainly gargantuan," Cardoza said of this year's combined team.

In theory, the conference committee is where the House's 1,154-page bill and
accompanying report is reconciled with the Senate's 1,572-page bill and
accompanying report.

In practice, the brief public meeting Tuesday served essentially a symbolic
purpose. A few senior lawmakers positioned themselves with introductory
comments, and then adjourned so negotiations could occur at a more discreet,
member-to-member and staff-to-staff level.

Some of the unresolved conflicts are very narrow and specific to certain
regions. Others cover a big turf.

"There are significant differences and disagreements, to be sure," said
Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry Committee.

California lawmakers, for instance, are insisting the new farm bill should allow
Agriculture Department environmental funds to be used to cut air pollution in
areas like that state's Central Valley. Negotiators are still ironing out the
language, which could help farmers pay for new cleaner-running pumps or
tractors.

Unhappy asparagus producers in California and Michigan represent another
unresolved conflict. The Senate bill includes $15 million for asparagus farmers
hurt by international trade; the House bill does not include the targeted money.

All told, the farm bill has a five-year price tag of $280 billion. More than
half of this will pay for food stamps and other nutrition programs.

The package outline includes $1.35 billion designated for fruit and vegetable
programs, which include block grants to states and specialty crop research.
Several hundred million dollars in additional funding would pay for expanding an
existing fruits-and-vegetables snack program to all 50 states. Currently, the
healthy snack program is limited to 14 states, including North Carolina,
Washington, Pennsylvania and Texas.

House members, in hopes of avoiding politically unpalatable tax hikes, now
propose to offset some $5.5 billion of the farm bill's costs through improved
tax compliance on business revenue from credit card sales.

___

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080410-BC-FARM-FARMBILL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                              487 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

County works on branding of Pueblo Chile

BYLINE: Jeff Tucker, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Jan. 17--Pueblo County is hoping to heat up demand for Pueblo Chile and a new,
$143,000 grant will help start the process.

The Board of County Commissioners on Wednesday accepted the grant, which is
funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's specialty crop block grants.

Chris Markuson, economic development director for the county, said the money
will go toward a number of projects bent on turning Pueblo chile, in the lower
case, to Pueblo Chile.

The program would be similar to the cooperative efforts among Rocky Ford melon
growers to take ownership of the Rocky Ford brand.

In this case, the county would hold a trademark on the Pueblo Chile brand and
farmers who grow chile here and comply with the USDA regulations will be able to
market and sell their crops under the Pueblo Chile brand.

Doing so will allow farmers to work cooperatively and the central brand protects
Pueblo farmers against imposters from outside the community, Markuson said.

But the grant also will allow the county to do marketing of its own. Markuson
said the county will be able to install signs that will point visitors to farm
stands in the county. Some of the money will help go toward a demonstration
garden that's planned for the courthouse lawn.

The money also will allow the county to put together a more traditional
marketing scheme, all in an effort to elevate the brand to the levels of the
Rocky Ford melon, Olathe sweet corn or Palisades peach.

Markuson said eventually the county will be able to use data to track how
effective the marketing efforts are.

jtucker@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150117-PB-County-works-on-branding-of-Pueblo-Chile-0117-20150117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              488 of 814 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           October 29, 2013, Tuesday

Research grants aim to boost production of beer, mushrooms

BYLINE: Paul J. Nyden, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 725 words


Research into a key beer ingredient and edible fungi at West Virginia State
University is getting a boost from the state Department of Agriculture.

This year, the department gave WVSU two grants totaling nearly $36,000 to
improve the production of mushrooms and hops.

A $23,000 grant will focus on locally grown and organically produced hops.
Flowers on hop plants are a key component in beer production.

Melissa Stewart, a WVSU extension specialist, said, "The craft brewing industry
in our state is seeing a surge recently. Through this project, we're working to
connect West Virginia farmers with the commercial production of hops and, in
turn, foster new economic development opportunities."

A second grant, totaling nearly $13,000, will set up demonstration sites
studying the production of mushrooms in both urban and rural settings.

Brad Cochran, a WVSU extension agent, said, "We are seeking to diversify
existing mushroom markets and create new ones in West Virginia.

"Our goal is to find new markets for selling mushrooms and to try different
varieties to gauge production levels and educate our farmers about how to
produce their own crops."

The program, Cochran said, will focus on specialty mushrooms, including shiitake
and oyster mushrooms. Educational workshops will be offered to growers
interested in learning more about growing their own mushrooms.

"This is a new endeavor. We have these little breweries. We will study to see if
we can get them the hop growers they need," said Agriculture Commissioner Walt
Helmick.

"I am pushing agriculture. It is a significant opportunity. In West Virginia, we
consume $7 billion worth of food a year. But we grow less than $1 billion. That
leaves a $6 billion economic opportunity," Helmick said.

"West Virginia has several microbreweries. And several more are popping up,"
Cochran said. "We are trying different varieties of hops in West Virginia. We
are talking to a few of the breweries around here to see if we can get those
varieties of hops produced in West Virginia that the local breweries need."

Ann Saville, who owns Taylor Books in downtown Charleston, recently opened
Charleston Brewing Co. at the corner of Summers and Quarrier streets.

Cochran said Saville is one of the local brewery owners he is working with.

Cochran hopes the research grants will be renewed so WVSU can continue its work
"for three years, hopefully. On the mushroom side, numbers that came out last
year showed a 4 million-pound discrepancy between what is demanded and what is
produced in West Virginia."

Cochran said the Department of Agriculture hopes to increase mushroom production
for local use.

"We are creating places for folks to go to see what we are taking about in terms
of commercial mushroom production. We're hoping anybody and everybody will take
advantage of it. It can be as big, or as small, a project as you want it to be.

"A family could grow shiitake mushrooms on two or three logs under the deck of
their back porch. A farm could grow shiitake mushrooms on hundreds of logs,"
Cochran said. "Right now, we don't have a lot of data and information to throw
out there yet. These two grants will help us get a lot more information."

The WVSU grants will focus on growing hops and mushrooms in the central and
southern counties of West Virginia.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture funded $240,000 in specialty agriculture
grants in West Virginia this year.

Previous awards to WVSU funded continuing projects about increasing small fruit
production and implementing season-extending techniques with high-tunnel growing
systems.

Helmick said the USDA has funded 157 research projects in recent years with
$1,436,240 in grants.

"We are sure West Virginia State will do an excellent job of researching,
looking at the ups and downs. We feel good about that.

"WVSU will study mushrooms in rural and urban settings. They will set up a
databank on the different species," Helmick said. "Hopefully, we will generate
more money from growing mushrooms. We have a significant opportunity."

In the past, Helmick said, specialty crop block grants have focused on growing
and producing fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, nursery crops,
honey and maple syrup.

"We want West Virginians to grow a product on West Virginia land for West
Virginians to consume."

Reach Paul J. Nyden at pjnyden@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5164.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              489 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $142 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $142 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              491 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $142 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              492 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              493 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              494 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
JULY 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              495 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 70 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              496 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              497 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              498 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 3, 2014 Thursday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                                  July 2, 2014

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2022, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                Copyright  Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              500 of 814 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

California: California targets agritourism dollars

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

State agriculture secretary Karen Ross updated growers, commodity groups and
processors on the rollout of the "California, Always in Season" program at a
June 30 luncheon in Fresno. The program, unveiled in April, is a partnership
between California Grown www.californiagrown.org and nonprofit tourism marketer
Visit California.

About 60 producers of table grapes, apples, blueberries, pistachios and other
crops and foods met with Ross and Visit California chief executive officer
Caroline Beteta at California State University, Fresno.

Over six months, print spreads in Food & Wine magazine and accompanying videos
www.californiasweeps.com will feature California growers, chefs and vintners.

In one social media promotion, consumers are invited to take selfie photos with
the California Grown logo or anything grown in the state. Once posted on
Facebook or Twitter using #cagrown, a pound of food will be donated to a food
bank.

The Buy California Marketing Agreement manages the California Grown -- CA Grown
-- campaign. The joint effort with Visit California is funded by the federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant program.

Of the $112 billion spent on California tourism in 2012, $28.5 billion was for
food. Ross sees an opportunity for agriculture to become more involved.

"One of the durable trends is the focus of consumers on their local food, how
it's grown and who's growing it," Ross said. "A big part of our steps forward
will be putting the farmers in the spotlight to be the next celebrities of the
food movement, much like winemakers and chefs. Consumers want to see the growers
and engage with them."

They're also drawn to events like Madera's Pomegranate Festival, she said.

California Grown has been pushing for broader participation by grower-shippers,
retailers and others in the trade. In the last six months, for example, there
have been retail promotions with Target, Safeway, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and
Trader Joe's.

"We are also in the process of finalizing partnerships to do special promotions
with the California Restaurant Association and the California Retailers
Association," Ross said.

"We are now over 100 commissions, marketing orders and farm organizations," she
said. Among them are the California Avocado Commission and California Farm
Bureau Federation.

For further information please visit: http://www.news.ca.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
