
                                1 of 5 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2016 Energy Bar Association
                               Energy Law Journal

                                      2016

                               Energy Law Journal

                              37 Energy L. J. 265

LENGTH: 20746 words

ARTICLE: PROTECTING LOW-INCOME RATEPAYERS AS THE ELECTRICITY SYSTEM EVOLVES

NAME: Adrienne L. Thompson*

BIO: * Associate, Troutman Sanders, LLP. The views expressed here are solely
those of the author and not of Troutman Sanders LLP or its clients. Funding for
this article came from the George Washington University Law School Energy Law
Advisory Board while the author served as the 2014-2016 GW Law Energy Law
Scholar and Sustainable Energy Initiative Research Associate. The author wants
to thank those who gave valuable feedback and edits on this article, including
the journal editors, Ron Elwood of the Legal Services Advocacy Project in
Minnesota, and John Howat of the National Consumer Law Center. Special
appreciation goes to Donna Attanasio, Senior Advisor to Energy Law Programs,
Professorial Lecturer in Law, and Director of the Sustainable Energy Initiative
at GW Law for her thoughtful comments and for providing the seeds for this
article and many of the solutions mentioned herein.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Synopsis: From distributed energy resources to smart meters, we are
witnessing one of the most significant economic and physical transitions in the
history of our electricity sector. As utilities, regulators, and stakeholders
grapple with transforming our aging grid, one under-examined issue is how these
changes will impact low-income ratepayers. Specifically: as reformers begin to
align utility pricing structures with true system costs, what will happen to the
rate-based subsidies helping to provide electricity to these financially
vulnerable consumers? With millions of Americans otherwise unable to afford
utility service, the answer to that question has real-world implications. This
article analyzes the intersection of grid modernization efforts and low-income
ratepayer assistance programs. It discusses the unique problems facing
low-income customers, and explores norms like "universal service" that underpin
utility regulation in general, and ratepayer assistance in particular.
Ultimately, this article proposes policy solutions to facilitate the goals of
both grid modernization and low-income ratepayer assistance. Only by tackling
this issue head-on can policymakers ensure that tomorrow's energy future will
look bright for all ratepayers - regardless of their income.


 TEXT:
 [*267]

   I. Introduction

 Electric utilities in the United States can no longer rely solely on producing
and selling kilowatts to generate revenue. The challenges facing these companies
today include: flattening electricity consumption, pressing resiliency and
security concerns, and rising demand for distributed energy resources (DER). In
addition to implementing standard system upgrades, utilities are being called to
integrate decentralized assets, facilitate customer generation and energy use
options, and invest in smarter grid technology - all while operating more
efficiently and with less carbon output.

   These realities are fundamentally changing the way that utilities will be
operated and regulated in the near future. Several states, like New York,
Minnesota, Massachusetts, California, and Hawaii, are investigating how to
prepare for and guide this evolution. At the forefront of these discussions are
important questions over how utility business models and rate structures must
change, as well as how tomorrow's electricity system will continue to deliver
affordable, reliable, and universal service.

   Under-examined throughout this process, however, is the concern of how this
grid evolution will impact the most vulnerable in our communities: low-income
ratepayers. Indeed, these changes raise a host of low-income consumer protection
issues from addressing stringent distributed energy financing rules n1 and the
landlord-tenant impediment to energy upgrades, n2 to ensuring cost containment
as  [*268]  smart metering enables new pricing structures. n3 This article
analyzes just one aspect of this multifaceted conundrum: how modern rate
structure reforms will likely impact low-income ratepayer assistance programs.
The goal is to explain this problem and provide a preliminary set of policy
solutions for industry members, stakeholders, and regulators. No single policy
will provide the answer for most states. However, using some of the suggestions
outlined in this article, in combination with an inclusive dialogue, we can
better ensure a more just and equitable outcome for low-income consumers in the
electricity system of tomorrow.

   To that end, this article proceeds as follows: Part II describes the chronic
"energy burden" weighing down low-income households, and explores the various
federal and state policies in place to lighten this load. Part III follows with
a brief discussion of the current set of challenges prompting grid modernization
efforts, and describes what implications those efforts present for low-income
ratepayers. With this background as context, Part IV lays out a series of policy
approaches that can help regulators and reformers address these concerns and
meet their intended objective: modernizing the electricity system while ensuring
affordable service, universal access, and equal participation for all
ratepayers.

   II. The Energy Burden Facing Low-Income Households and the Current State of
Assistance Programs

 To better understand the proposed grid reforms outlined in Part IV, it is
necessary to first set out the status quo for low-income households in the
United States today. This Part discusses the primary metric by which
"affordability" is often measured by utilities and regulators: the energy
burden. The second subsection addresses federal and state-level policies and
programs to help alleviate this burden.

   A. What Is the Energy Burden?

 According to the most recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau, 46.7 million
people were in poverty in the United States in 2014 - nearly 14.8% of the
population. n4 But those numbers tell only part of the story. Generally,
although each state and utility-run energy assistance program defines
"low-income" differently, most peg eligibility to certain thresholds at or up to
200% of the federal poverty level  [*269]  (FPL) - which brings the total of
people potentially eligible for low-income assistance programs in the United
States to around 106 million. n5

   In the context of energy assistance, many programs look to not only a
person's income in relation to the FPL but also his or her total "energy burden"
- that is, the percentage of a customer's income spent on energy. n6 According
to various sources, including the federal Energy Information Administration, n7
middle-income and high-income ratepayers have a 1-5% energy burden, whereas
low-income customers face burdens from 6-30% or more depending on the state. n8

   Sample State Comparison of Energy Burden and Number of Households in 2015
Broken down in Relation to the Federal Poverty Level

Fed. Pov. Level   Ohio         Arkansas     California      Texas
                  Burden       Burden       Burden          Burden
                  <abval1>     <abval1>     <abval1> People <abval1>
                  People       People                       People
Below 50%         30%  340,907 38%  90,651  25%  889,088    31%  652,395
50-100%           16%  391,315 20%  127,775 13%  1.16 mil.  16%  919,249
100-125%          11%  207,370 13%  69,004  9%   658,115    11%  494,789
125-150%          9%   208,736 11%  69,711  7%   648,586    9%   486,728
150-185%          7%   300,805 9%   93,978  6%   862,381    7%   650,634
185-200%          6%   125,281 8%   36,055  5%   335,906    6%   258,823
Total households  1,574,414    487,174      4,557,152       3,462,609

 Although the above table highlights only four states, it is clear that millions
of Americans struggle to pay their energy bills. Indeed, by some estimates, the
number of low-income households represents 28% of the $ 159 billion residential
energy market. n9 And the closer a household is to the FPL, the more onerous
that  [*270]  monthly energy bill is. As this problem is studied further, the
harsh realities facing low-income households come into clearer focus.

   1. The Majority of Low-income Households Include Vulnerable Members.

 According to the National Energy Assistance Directors' Association (NEADA), a
significant number of low-income households have at least one member who is
particularly reliant on electricity for temperature control or other
necessities. Based on a NEADA survey of 1,800 recipients of Low-Income Energy
Assistance Program (LIHEAP) n10 funding, 40% had someone age sixty or older, 72%
had a family member with a serious medical condition, 41% had a child under
eighteen and 21% with young children under five, and 42% were disabled. n11

   2. High Energy Burdens are Strongly Associated with Negative Health Impacts

 Numerous studies have established the link between energy unaffordability and
poor health outcomes. In particular, utility shutoffs, bill debt, and
inefficient weatherization have been linked to increased cases of pneumonia,
bronchitis, other illnesses, and hunger among low-income communities. n12 23% of
the NEADA survey respondents reported keeping their homes at unhealthy
temperatures in response to unaffordable utility bills; 33% used the kitchen
stove or oven for supplementary heat; and 24% stated they had gone without food
for at least one day. n13 Children are particularly at risk for a host of health
complications associated with high energy burdens, including carbon monoxide
poisoning, malnutrition, and cognitive and behavioral underdevelopment. n14

   3. Energy Insecure Households are Predominantly Southern and African
American.

 The racial and geographic disparities associated with high energy burdens are
also significant. Of the households facing high energy burdens, 18% are
Hispanic, 28% are white, and 49% are African American. n15 Likewise, 46% of
families with high energy burdens reside in the South, followed by the Midwest
at 22%, the Northeast with 17%, and the Northwest with 15%. n16

[*271]

   B. Current Policies and Programs to Assist Low-Income Households

 States and the federal government have various tools available to help reduce
the energy burden on low-income households. At the federal level, two important
initiatives are the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and the
Weatherization Assistance Program (WAP) - both of which are federally-funded
grant programs administered in every state, the District of Columbia, as well as
most tribal reservations and U.S. territories. n17 At the state level, as a
result of a series of common law principles and regulatory norms, a primary
mechanism for assisting low-income ratepayers has become the utility rate
structure itself. As explored further in Part III, a likely consequence of the
grid modernization efforts underway today will be rate design reforms - a
prospect with negative financial implications for low-income ratepayers.

   1. Federal Level: LIHEAP and WAP

 In response to the steep increase in home heating oil following the oil
industry's decontrol and the 1979 Iranian Crisis, Congress passed the Home
Energy Assistance Act in 1980, and reauthorized it as the Low Income Home Energy
Assistance Program (LIHEAP) that next year. n18 In essence, LIHEAP is a
state-administered federal grant program providing targeted assistance to the
most vulnerable households. Although states have flexibility to allocate some
funds for weatherization and energy-related repairs, the bulk of the funds are
used to offset heating and cooling bills for qualifying households. n19 States
are allowed to set household income eligibility to the greater of either 150% of
the federal poverty level or 60% of the state median income. n20

   Since funding began, LIHEAP has become a critical lifeline for those with
"the lowest incomes and highest energy costs or needs in relation to income" - a
group of people that disproportionately includes young children, the elderly,
and individuals with disabilities. n21 However, since LIHEAP is not a mandatory
federal spending program like Social Security or Medicare, it is under constant
threat of underfunding.

   Due to budgetary constraints, LIHEAP funding has been cut considerably - from
$ 4.7 billion in 2011 to just over $ 3 billion for 2016 - which directly impacts
the number of recipients who can receive funding. n22 According to a December
2015 report by the Congressional Research Service, only about 22% of eligible
[*272]  households in 2012 actually received LIHEAP assistance that year. n23
This is not an anomaly. Historically, the program has only served about 15-20%
of eligible households in the United States, and only served 36% of eligible
households when funding first began in 1981. n24

   Second to LIHEAP, the next major source of federal dollars for low-income
ratepayers is the Weatherization Assistance Program (WAP). First created in
1976, WAP is a grant program derived from annual Congressional appropriations
and administered by the Department of Energy (DOE). n25 The DOE distributes this
grant funding to each state, territory, a number of tribes, and the District of
Columbia. These funds are then allocated to the respective recipient's local
weatherization agency to put toward weatherizing the homes of eligible
individuals - those with an income within 200% of the FPL. n26

   Aside from 2009-2013, which saw an unprecedented infusion of $ 5 billion in
funding through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, n27 since 2002, the
total WAP allocation has ranged between $ 204-242 million; n28 the total
allocation for 2016 is $ 213.8 million. States are allowed to allocate a small
portion of their LIHEAP grants toward WAP as well. n29 In addition, grant
recipients are also able to leverage DOE's allocations to acquire additional
funding from local utilities, state general funds, and public benefits funds.
n30

   In addition to improved health outcomes, the other benefits of home
weatherization include reduced utility bills for ratepayers, lower arrearages
for utilities, reduced reliance on LIHEAP and other subsidies, and improved
housing stock within the community. n31 Although the benefits to home
weatherization are significant, so is the extent of the weatherization problem
among the low-income community. Indeed, although WAP funding has allowed for
over 6 million homes to  [*273]  be weatherized since the program was created,
n32 there are over 40 million homes eligible for program funding. n33

   2. State Level: Underlying Principles Supporting Low-Income Ratepayer
Assistance

 State low-income assistance programs pick up where LIHEAP and WAP leave off.
The primary means through which low-income ratepayers receive financial help is
through favorable rate structures that provide below-cost rates through various
types of discount programs. These programs, explained further in the next
subsection, are grounded in principles that underpin both utility regulation in
general as well as public assistance programs in the United States.

   The philosophical and political roots of poverty assistance in the United
States stretch back to the English Poor Laws of the 1580s, but the concept
became a more formalized government policy in the years during and following the
Great Depression. n34 The idea of "public interest" regulation of electric
utilities has a much more recent history - one that is grounded in both the
belief that electricity is an essential service, and the traditional assumption
that such service can only be economically delivered by a single entity. n35 The
rationale for low-income ratepayer assistance, therefore, draws from both of
these histories, and in particular, from four subsidiary principles. These
principles form the basis of current low-income assistance programs and are the
animating forces behind the policy suggestions in Part IV of this article.

   a. Duty to Serve

 The duty to serve is one of the fundamental principles underpinning utility
regulation and dates back to English common law. n36 In essence, it operates as
a check on a monopoly utility's market control and ability to favor certain
customers. The duty obligates utilities to provide service to any member of the
public who resides in the utility's service area who has applied, and is willing
to pay, for  [*274]  service. n37 In contrast with other business enterprises,
utilities are obligated to serve both profitable and unprofitable clients within
their service territory. n38 Indeed, in some cases, utilities have been ordered
to extend their services to remote areas regardless of the fact that such a
requirement may result in a financial loss to the utility in the short-term. n39

   b. Duty of Non-Discrimination

 A common law outgrowth of the "duty to serve" is the utility's duty to provide
such service without undue discrimination. n40 According to this duty, public
utilities must treat all those within its franchise without arbitrary
discrimination and "to [the] extent of its capacity, serve all who apply, on
equal terms, as far as they are in [the] same class and similarly situated." n41
Low-income rate discounts - sometimes termed "lifeline" rates - have largely
withstood challenges under this common law duty. n42 This is due in part because
price differentiation does not necessarily amount to undue discrimination, n43
especially for customers that are often, although not exclusively, low users of
electricity services. n44 Other grounds have included broad recognition of
regulators' abilities to consider non-cost factors in approving rates. n45

   c. Universal Service/Access Requirement

 The concept of universal access has its roots in the equity principles central
to public assistance programs generally as well as in New Deal-era notions of
economic opportunity. n46 By the early twentieth century, electricity had spread
through most of America's cities, leaving much of the rural countryside without
the modern conveniences or industrial advancements attendant to electrification.
As the electricity gap widened so did the economic gap between urban and rural
[*275]  America. n47 The federal government responded by establishing the Rural
Electrification Administration and authorizing the new agency to make loans to
local governments, nonprofits, and farming cooperatives for purposes of
developing electricity infrastructure. n48 By the 1950s, electricity could be
delivered to almost any farm in the country. n49 Thanks in large part to the
success of rural electrification, the concept of affordable and universal access
to electricity has become a fundamental tenant of utility regulation and a
guiding principle for regulators. n50

   d. Ability-to-Pay Principle

 The ability-to-pay principle - a concept borrowed from tax policy - has also
influenced how utility rates are structured to assist low-income customers. n51
In the context of utility ratemaking, the principle is grounded in the notion
that electricity service is a necessity that should not be denied to low-income
individuals simply because they cannot pay the full cost of service. n52

   The four core ideas outlined above have endured through past evolutions of
the electricity sector. n53 Indeed, even as we enter a new phase of this
transition, at a time of reimagining old business models and regulatory
structures, regulators and stakeholders are invoking these principles as they
consider grid reforms. n54 The challenge, of course, will be to put words into
meaningful action, so that these principles can matter as much tomorrow as they
do today.

[*276]

   3. State Level: Rate-Based Low-Income Ratepayer Discount Programs

 In the context of low-income ratepayer assistance, the preceding principles and
policies are implemented in the utility rate structure through the state-level
utility ratemaking process. That process, and how it may be impacted by current
grid reform efforts, is discussed in Part III.B. What follows below is a brief
summary of the common types of low-income ratepayer discount programs, n55 which
along with low consumption-based rates, are sometimes referred to collectively
as "lifeline rates." n56 As explained in Subsection B, the costs for these
programs are funded through higher rates imposed on non-low-income ratepayers,
as well as through LIHEAP and any applicable state grants. n57

   a. Straight/Percentage of Bill Discount

 In a straight discount program, a certain percentage of the bill is cut from
the customer's total amount due. n58 For example, under a 20% straight discount
program, a low-income customer with a $ 40 monthly bill would see it reduced by
$ 8 to be a total of $ 32. In 1989, California's legislature enacted the
California Alternative Rate for Energy (CARE) program, which currently provides
a 30-35% electricity bill discount and 20% natural gas bill discount for
low-income customers. n59 Other states with straight discount programs include
Massachusetts, Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine,
Maryland, and Rhode Island. n60 As of this writing, Texas is phasing-out its
"Lite-up Texas" straight discount program, with the process to finish by the end
of 2016. n61

   b. Percentage of Income Payment Plan (PIPP)

 Unlike the straight discount, which is applied equally to low-income customers'
bills regardless of the energy burden severity, the PIPP provides more targeted
[*277]  assistance. The first PIPPs were instituted by Ohio, followed by
Pennsylvania, n62 and Illinois. n63 Under this discount scheme regulators set an
affordable energy burden and program administrators look at a household's annual
income to calculate the monthly bill. For example, if regulators set a 5% energy
burden, and a household earns $ 15,000 annually, the total energy bill would be
$ 750 for the year or $ 62.50 per month. Energy costs beyond that $ 750 yearly
total are covered by available state or LIHEAP funds first, then other
ratepayers - although some states apply those arrears once the customer leaves
the PIPP. n64

   c. Fixed Credit Model

 This is a PIPP variation that is utilized by New Jersey and Maine. n65 First, a
PIPP is determined the same way as above, but in order for the discount to
apply, the household's actual utility bill must be over a certain threshold. The
discount only applies to cover any amount that exceeds that threshold. n66

   d. Tiered Discount

 Tiered discount models, like those implemented in Indiana and New Hampshire,
offer varying percentage discounts depending on the low-income customer's income
level. Thus, the closer a ratepayer is to the federal poverty line, the deeper
the discount into their utility bill. n67 The advantage of this method is that
it attempts to arrive at an affordable rate for each "tier" of low-income users.
In its May 2016 Order on low-income affordability programs, the New York Public
Service Commission rejected a straight discount approach in favor of a tiered
approach in which low-income ratepayer discounts vary based on income level (as
demonstrated by the ratepayer's receipt of certain public assistance benefits).
n68

   e. Consumption-Based Discounts

 This type of model works in a similar fashion to an inclining block rate. n69
Under a consumption-based discount, as a low-income customer's use increases,
the discount is reduced. n70 Unlike the tiered discount approach, however,
consumption-based discounts are pegged to usage, not affordability. Thus, a low-
[*278]  income ratepayer could be a lower user, garnering a significant discount
as a result, but it may not be enough to bring that ratepayer to an affordable
energy burden. n71

   f. Other Program Types

 In addition to rate designs, this encourages conservation and rewards
low-usage, and the discount programs mentioned above, there are also several
other kinds of ratepayer-funded low-income assistance programs. Every state, for
instance, has a weatherization program to receive and distribute WAP grants (and
often supplement with additional ratepayer funding). n72 States like Maryland,
New Jersey, Ohio, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, and Missouri offer
varieties of arrearage forgiveness to low-income ratepayers. n73 In addition,
many states institute set bill amounts ("budget billing") during severe fuel
hikes or extreme weather. n74 Like the above rate discounts and any below-cost
rates offered to low-income/low-using customers, these programs are primarily
funded by other ratepayers through their rates or other bill surcharges.

   4. State-Level Example: New York Public Service Commission's May 2016 Order

 One state leading the way on improving ratepayer-funded low-income customer
assistance programs is New York. In January 2015, the New York Public Service
Commission (NYPSC) opened a docket "to standardize utility low income programs
to reflect best practices where appropriate, streamline the regulatory process,
and ensure consistency with the Commission's statutory and policy objectives."
n75 After input from numerous stakeholders, utilities, academics, as well as
Commission staff, the Commission issued a final Order on May 20, 2016. n76 While
the Order is an excellent first step toward fully funding low-income assistance
programs, it does not address how rate structure reforms could impact this
effort and what could be done in response - an inquiry that the Commission may
be reserving for its Reforming the Energy Vision (REV) proceeding.

   NYPSC's low-income order is notable for several reasons. First, the
Commission established an "affordability block" rate for low-income customers
aimed at reducing the energy burden for low-income ratepayers to a 6% target - a
vast improvement from the 9%-41% burden currently weighing down most low-income
New Yorkers. n77 Second, to reach that goal the Commission committed to
allocating an additional $ 248 million to low-income discount program budgets in
future rate cases, an increase of around 87%. n78 Third, the Commission adopted
a proposal pushed by consumer advocates and directed staff to work with other
state  [*279]  agencies to create an inter-agency task force to synthesize the
various policies, programs, and agency agendas related to low-income assistance.
n79 Fourth, and relatedly, the Commission recognized the need to consider these
issues, and revise its Order as necessary, as its REV and other related dockets
progress. n80

   The NYPSC low-income order is a significant development in the intersection
of low-income and grid reform efforts. However, the order fails to break new
ground in that it seeks to meet the 6% low-income energy burden target
primarily, but not exclusively, through rate-based subsidies. n81 In response to
suggestions for alternate funding sources, such as some of those outlined in
Part IV of this article, the Commission dismissed them as ""one-shot' solutions,
where continual funding for these programs is needed." n82 Left unaddressed,
though, was a discussion of how the rate structure reforms contemplated in the
Commission's REV proceeding might impact the additional program funding
established in the low-income order.

   Regulators in New York and elsewhere have not yet addressed the problem that
rate structure modernization poses to low-income ratepayer assistance programs.
The remainder of this article directly addresses this question and sets out some
policy solutions that can indeed help ensure the "continual funding" of these
important programs.

   III. The Evolving Electricity System and its Implications for Low-Income
Ratepayers

 Despite federal and state funding for low-income assistance, there are still
many overburdened households in the United States - a reality that makes its own
case for why more funding avenues are needed. This issue becomes yet more urgent
when considering the fundamental changes underway in the U.S. electricity system
today and the additional system costs they may impose. This Part summarizes
these changes and explains their implications for low-income ratepayers, setting
the stage for the next Part's discussion of potential policy solutions.

   A. Challenges Facing the U.S. Electricity System

 Generally speaking, the drivers for change can be broken down into at least
four broad, but often interrelated, categories: flattening electricity demand;
older generator retirements; environmental constraints; and disruptive
technologies. n83

[*280]

   1. Flattening Electricity Demand

 Compared to the near 10% annual electricity growth in the 1950s, the past
decade has seen a much reduced 0.5% annual growth rate. n84 Indeed, for the
fifth time in the last eight years and in spite of growth in the residential and
commercial sectors - total U.S. electricity sales have declined. n85 This has
major implications for traditionally-regulated electric utilities which derive
their revenues from electricity sales and large-scale investments in
centrally-located power production facilities and related transmission
infrastructure. n86

   2. Retirements of Older, Less Competitive, Generation Units

 Over the course of 2015, 18 GW of electric generator capacity was retired - 80%
of which was coal-fired. n87 The EIA projects that from 2012 to 2020 there will
be upwards of 60 GW of coal-plat retirements, n88 roughly equivalent to thirty
Hoover Dams. n89 Many nuclear energy generators are also struggling to stay open
- and at least four plants have closed since 2013. n90 The majority of these
coal and nuclear facility closures are due to low-cost competition from natural
gas in restructured wholesale markets, n91 although, as discussed below, coal
plants also face additional economic constraints due to environmental regulatory
costs. n92

[*281]

   3. Increasing Environmental Compliance Costs

 To illustrate how environmental regulations impact the coal-fired power sector:
about 30% of the total coal-fired power plant closures in 2015 occurred in April
the same month that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Mercury and
Air Toxics Standards (MATS) rule came into force. n93 The EPA's Clean Power Plan
- as of this writing, temporarily stayed by the Supreme Court, pending judicial
review - is also expected to lead to more plant closures, if it goes into
effect. n94 While these closures mean that the grid's overall fuel mix is
getting cleaner, they also spell financial trouble for many U.S. utilities with
extensive coal-fired generation fleets.

   4. Disruptive New Technologies

 Facilitated by declining costs, assistance from third-party servicers, and
favorable state policies, customers are more empowered than ever to take control
of their energy consumption and grid interaction. n95 However, not everyone
comes out a winner in this new world of customer choice. When middle and
upper-income ratepayers install rooftop solar, they may unwittingly shift their
share of fixed system costs onto those unable to self-generate. n96 Furthermore,
this combination of efficiency measures and disruptive technology is chipping
away at utilities' revenues, with a potential to create a $ 48 billion shortfall
by 2025. n97

   In light of the above shifts taking place in the electric sector, some
regulators, utilities, and stakeholders in various states have begun considering
reforms. A few of the leading efforts are New York state with its commission-led
REV docket, n98 Minnesota's stakeholder-driven e21 initiative, n99 various
dockets open  [*282]  before the California Public Utility Commission, n100
Commissions in Hawaii, n101 and Massachusetts. n102 These efforts emphasize
various policy solutions from innovative utility business model like in New
York's REV proceeding or California's recent foray into distribution-level
planning. One common thread connecting all these reform efforts, however, is a
fundamental reexamination of the utility rate structure - which is the primary
vehicle through which low-income ratepayers receive subsidies for their
electricity use.

   B. Implications for Low-Income Ratepayers: Reduced Financial Assistance

 To understand how reforms to utility rate structures may adversely impact
low-income ratepayers, it is important to first briefly summarize the ratemaking
process itself. It begins with setting the utility's revenue requirement - the
amount of money from ratepayers that the utility needs to collect to cover its
costs and make an adequate return on investment. n103 Next, that revenue
requirement is allocated among the various customer classes, which is often done
based on factors including: how many customers are in a particular class, their
usage of the system during peak demand times (when energy is most expensive),
and the total amount of energy each class uses. Common class breakdowns are
along the lines of residential, commercial, and industrial users, but states
have many other types of designations. n104 After each customer class is
allocated its portion of the utility's total revenue requirement, the final
ratemaking question becomes how to collect that money from ratepayers - an
inquiry known as rate design. For residential customers, the answer to this last
question is manifested in their monthly bill, which typically sets out fixed
charges and energy charges (usually on a per kilowatt-hour basis). n105 However,
beyond using the ratemaking process solely as a means to keep utilities
financially viable, regulators also use this process to effectuate certain
policy goals. n106

    [*283]
 Without the ability to implement widespread residential time-sensitive pricing
until more recently, the inclining block rate design has been seen as the next
best rate structure to promote the dual social goals of energy conservation and
low-income ratepayer assistance. n107 Through this structure, energy becomes
more expensive once a customer's usage passes a certain threshold. In comparison
to flat rates and declining block rates, in which, respectively, energy costs
stay the same or become cheaper beyond a certain threshold, an inclining block
rate encourages consumers to be prudent in their energy use.

   From the perspective of rate reform advocates, the inclining block structure
raises two problems. First, it may not be the most ideal policy for targeting
low-income customers so much as low-usage customers, many of whom may not
necessarily be low-income. n108 As such, usage-based rates may be
over-inclusive, thereby diverting resources away from low-income customers who
are not low energy users - because of poor home weatherization, large household
size, or other factors - and applying them to low-usage customers who do not
require subsidization. As smart metering technology improves, however, it may be
possible to better identify low-income customers in other higher-use residential
classes and target assistance accordingly.

    [*284]  A second concern raised by rate reform advocates regarding the
inclining block structure is that it does not adhere to principles of modern
rate design. n109 In particular, this rate structure neither represents the true
costs of serving customers nor the benefits that customers may provide to the
grid in return. n110 By increasing non-low-income rates to accommodate
low-income subsidies, the cost of energy for non-low-income customers is
artificially high. Thus, as grid reformers seek to better align rates with true
system costs, the cross-subsidies that provide low-income customers with cheap
power and other assistance will be reduced.

   One example of this reality playing out in real time is in California. In
July 2015, after three years of evidentiary hearings and deliberations, the
California Public Utility Commission (CPUC) issued a landmark order
transitioning residential customers from a four-tier to a two-tier rate
structure and setting out a path toward default time-of-use (TOU) retail rates
by 2019. n111 According to the Commission and the state's three main utilities,
California's original four-tiered structure was over-charging higher using
residential consumers to make lower-usage residential customers' bills less
expensive. n112 The Commission determined that the Order was necessary not only
to reduce this inequity but also to better align rates with true system use for
all customers - the sine qua non of modern rate design. n113 Although the CPUC
deferred a decision on raising fixed monthly charges, practically speaking, as a
result of this "tier-flattening," all residential customers will likely see
their electricity bills increase in California. As illustrated in the graphic on
this page, this increase will include low-income customers who qualify for lower
CARE rates. n114

[*285]

   Illustration of PG&E's former 4-Tier and proposed 2-Tier Rate Structure
(volumetric component)


 California is just the beginning. As other states modernize their rate
structures - bringing rates into alignment with the true costs of utility
service - ratepayer-subsidized low-income assistance programs will face revenue
shortfalls. For a society that cleaves to the common law duties of service and
non-discrimination as well as the ability-to-pay and universal service
principles, this prospect creates a dilemma.

   IV. Protecting Low-Income Ratepayers as the Electricity System Evolves

 As the electricity system evolves, separate consideration must be made for how
to help low-income customers with this transition. Because these ratepayers
already carry a significantly higher energy burden than other customers, they
are particularly vulnerable to rising costs and to the rate structure reforms
contemplated in most grid modernization processes active today. The question
becomes, then: as these electricity system reforms proceed, what policies can be
implemented to complement the overarching goals of these reforms, while also
protecting low-income customers? As with many public policy problems, the
solution primarily boils down to money. Thus, the following sections discuss
alternative revenue sources and other policy solutions to address funding
shortfalls that may occur as rate structure redesigns reduce cross-subsidies for
low-income assistance programs.

   A. Expanding the Budgets or Mandates of Existing Grant-Based Programs

 One relatively straightforward way to offer stronger protections for low-income
customers is to expand existing state or federal grant-based programs. n115 As
[*286]  noted previously, federal programs like LIHEAP and the Weatherization
Assistance Program already exist to assist low-income ratepayers. Some states
also have grant programs, or public benefit funds (discussed below) to provide
direct ratepayer assistance to low-income communities. n116 Despite the need
across the country for more home energy assistance funding, these programs are
chronically underfunded, so one analytically simple, albeit politically
difficult, solution would be for Congress or the states to expand their budgets.
Likewise, budgets could be expanded for existing energy-related loan-guarantee
and grant programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Energy and
Agriculture. These programs can already be used to benefit low-income ratepayers
with little to no modification. n117

   In addition to budgets, the mandates of LIHEAP, WAP, and other federal and
state programs could also be broadened to facilitate greater low-income
ratepayer participation in DER and energy efficiency measures. n118 For example,
the Department of Agriculture Rural Development Office has several grant
programs relating to energy-development or health and safety-related
home-retrofit projects. But these energy-development programs do not target
low-income customers, nor do the health and safety-related programs recognize
the link between energy affordability and health outcomes. n119 By making slight
adjustments to these program mandates, their core purposes could be preserved
while providing greater assistance to low-income individuals.

   B. Increasing or Modifying the Use of Public Benefit Funds

 In the early to mid-1990s, when some states considered whether to open their
electricity sectors to retail competition, organized wholesale markets, or both,
questions arose about what effect these actions might have on in-state
low-income ratepayers. n120 The animating concern at the time was that certain
"public benefits" programs traditionally paid for through the ratemaking process
would either be  [*287]  left unaddressed or insufficiently funded as wholesale
and retail competition became more common. As a result, many of these states
established Public Benefit Funds (PBFs), n121 and funded them primarily through
monthly surcharges on non-low-income customer bills. This is similar to how
telephone bills for low-income households are subsidized through a "Universal
Service Fund" surcharge on non-low-income telephone customers. n122 Typically,
PBF surcharges are set on a mills per kilowatt hour (kWh), with 1.0 mill being
the equivalent of $ 0.001, or one tenth of one cent. n123 The funds generated
from this surcharge are then allocated to various "public benefits" programs,
which can include renewable energy development, energy efficiency investments,
and low-income ratepayer assistance. n124

   Currently, thirty states and the District of Columbia have some form of a
PBF. n125 This mechanism, however, is not necessarily restricted to states with
restructured electricity markets, nor is it primarily funded solely by utility
surcharges. n126 Several states at least partially fund their PBFs through
previous settlement agreements with local utilities n127 or through other
market-based sources like Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative carbon emission
auction revenues. n128

   The versatility of Public Benefits Funds, and ease at which they can be
incorporated into the existing regulatory scheme through a surcharge are
appealing features of this policy. Furthermore, even though PBF surcharges
technically represent the sort of rate-based cross-subsidization eschewed by
modern rate design advocates, they are only a very small portion of a
ratepayer's bill, such as $ 0.000361/kWh in the case of Washington D.C.'s
Residential Aid Discount surcharge. n129 Although many PBFs are earmarked for
renewable energy development  [*288]  and efficiency policies, n130 several
state PBFs allocate funds to low-income assistance programs, including
California, the District of Columbia, Maine, New York, Oregon, Texas, and
Vermont, among others. n131

   Using a PBF surcharge as a substitutionary funding tool for lost
cross-subsidies would bring benefits and challenges. On the plus side, most
states are already familiar with this kind of surcharge, so it would be
administratively straightforward to set up and increase as needed. On the
down-side, even though PBF surcharges are a relatively small line-item on a
utility customer's bill, they nonetheless have the potential to distort price
signals and discourage distributed generation or conservation the more they are
exclusively relied upon to fund assistance programs. A further challenge would
be the near-certain pushback from other ratepayers, especially high-users.
However, a PBF surcharge could be creatively established to lessen the burden on
any one class of rate payers. For example, Illinois levies lower PBF surcharges
on residential customers than larger commercial and industrial accounts. n132
Michigan funds its low-income assistance programs through a PBF surcharge as
well as through savings associated with securitization bonds associated with
paying off stranded utility assets. n133

   C. Carve-out Proceeds from Different Markets

 As rate structure reforms potentially threaten rate-based subsidies for
low-income customers, regulators could turn to other market-based opportunities
to replace or supplement these funds. This subsection explores some current
examples of this kind of action, as well as sets out some other emerging market
opportunities that regulators can consider tapping into.

[*289]

   1. Cap-and-Trade Auction or Carbon Tax Revenues

 Two of the most commonly-cited methods for reducing greenhouse gases,
especially carbon dioxide (CO<2>), are cap-and-trade schemes and carbon taxes.
Although both policies operate differently, they both essentially put a price
tag on carbon emissions - the revenue from which can be earmarked for certain
uses. Two notable examples of this method are the Northeast's Regional
Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) and California's cap-and-trade program. Since
RGGI began in 2003, it has appropriated over $ 1 billion toward energy
improvements in its nine member states, including low-income weatherization and
efficiency projects. n134 In California, since CO<2> permit auctions began in
2012, over $ 912 million in auction revenues have been allocated to communities
in need. n135 Indeed, by law, at least 25% of total climate fund investments
must be spent on projects that benefit disadvantaged communities. n136 Provided
that the EPA's Clean Power Plan survives legal challenge, the cap-and-trade
model of carbon regulation may find favor among states looking to meet their
emission limits, thereby opening another continual funding source for low-income
ratepayer assistance.

   2. Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Development

 As America's vehicle fleet becomes more electrified, supportive infrastructure
will need to come online to accommodate this new demand. Seeing a new revenue
opportunity, utilities have grown eager to get into the electric vehicle (EV)
infrastructure space, n137 with regulators reluctant to go along at the expense
of fostering competition with third-parties. Although the EV market is still
nascent, state legislatures and public utility commissions in Oregon,
Washington, Illinois, Kansas, and Kentucky are strongly considering the
utility's role in EV infrastructure development. n138 Another notable example is
California, whose PUC in 2014 reversed a multi-year ban on utility EV
infrastructure ownership to allow such projects on a case-by-case basis. n139
Rather than stifling this market opportunity, regulators could approve utility
EV infrastructure ownership on the condition that a portion of the revenues
generated from such projects go to fund low-income assistance programs.

[*290]

   3. Highway Right of Way Development

 Highway rights of way present additional opportunities for siting renewable
energy projects. These areas tend to be located close to existing energy
infrastructure and encompass otherwise-undeveloped or underutilized sidewalks,
corridors, shoulders, and rest areas adjacent to highway traffic lanes. n140
Roadside solar PV projects have been used more extensively in Europe and Canada,
but several states are beginning to tap into this potential as well. n141 In
2008, the state of Oregon partnered with Portland General Electric to develop
the nation's first roadside solar project: a 594-panel, ground-mounted 104-kW
solar array system, with a second, 1.75MW, solar roadside system completed in
2012. n142 States like Colorado, Ohio, Texas, Massachusetts, Utah, and North
Carolina are either developing or conducting feasibility studies on solar, wind,
and bioenergy projects along highway rights of way. n143 As renewable energy
technologies mature, and electricity systems and rate structures evolve to
accommodate and appropriately value these new systems, the potential for
roadside applications will likely become more attractive to utilities and
third-parties. As with the other market opportunities in this subsection,
regulators can leverage this interest for the public's benefit by allowing
access to these new market opportunities according to certain conditions. For
instance, project developers could carve-out funds from power sales or ancillary
services revenue to go toward low-income assistance programs; developers could
provide direct service to low-income communities around such projects (if
cost-effective); or the state could essentially charge the developers rent to
use the right of way. Those rental fees could then be allocated to aid
low-income ratepayers.

   4. Leveraging Utility and Third-Party Interest in DER Project Development

 There is already considerable interest from utilities and third-parties with
regard to DER development. In an evolved electricity system that values the
grid-benefits of DER, the current untapped potential for such resource
development within low-income communities will also become a promising
opportunity. Indeed, with an estimated 48% of U.S. businesses and 49% of
households unable to support PV infrastructure, there is tremendous potential
in, for example, shared renewables projects to equalize access and deepen market
growth for this sector. n144 According to a report from the National Renewable
Energy Laboratory, with supportive state and federal policies, community solar
projects could represent 35%-49% of the residential PV market by 2020, which
would translate to 5.5-11.0GW  [*291]  of cumulative deployment by 2020 and
represent $ 8.2-$ 16.3 billion in investments. n145

   Regulators can leverage current interest in DER development in two ways.
First, they can condition access to desirable markets on the interested party's
promise to either directly serve low-income communities or offset their
low-income customers' bills according to revenue generated from the project.
Colorado and California have taken similar approaches with their community solar
laws, which, respectively, require utilities to reserve a percentage of project
shares for low-income subscribers and locate a portion of such projects within
"disadvantaged communities" including those "with socioeconomic vulnerability."
n146

   Second, regulators can restrict ownership of DER to only those projects
located in under-served communities. The NYPSC took this latter approach with
regard to incumbent utilities in its Track One REV Order. Concerned about the
market power implications of utility ownership of DER resources, the NYPSC
largely restricted such access to four exceptions: (1) if "procurement of DER
has been solicited to meet a system need, and a utility has demonstrated that
competitive alternatives proposed by nonutility parties are clearly inadequate
or more costly than a traditional utility infrastructure alternative;" (2) if
the project consists of distribution-level energy storage; (3) if the project
"will enable low or moderate income residential customers to benefit from DER
where markets are not likely to satisfy the need;" and (4) if the DER project is
for demonstration purposes. n147

   5. As-Yet Unrealized Market Opportunities

 The above-mentioned opportunities are only a sample of what may be available.
Indeed, as the NYPSC staff noted in an April 2014 report at the early stages of
REV, there are numerous currently non-monetized benefits that distributed
resources provide to electricity systems and the public. These include: certain
ancillary services; reliability (in the absence of performance contracts);
resource diversity; certain environmental impacts; economic development
opportunities; community development; and housing improvements. n148 Outside
DER, weatherization programs also generate a number of non-energy benefits for
ratepayers, their households, and society at large. These include fewer doctor
and emergency  [*292]  room visits, and hospitalizations, and improved physical
and mental health outcomes generally. n149 To the extent that policy and rate
structures evolve to value these currently un-monetized benefits, new revenue
streams can be opened and partially diverted to assist low-income ratepayers.
n150

   D. Advancing DER Development and Weatherization in Low-Income Communities

 DER development and weatherization programs within low-income households are
useful tools for both offsetting energy bills and also facilitating greater
involvement in today's evolving electricity system. n151 Low-income ratepayers
face numerous barriers to DER participation, including: high up-front costs to
ownership, strict credit rating requirements for leasing arrangements, n152 and
in the case of rooftop solar, either no rooftop access (such as with rentals),
or insufficient structural integrity to support rooftop installations. n153
Absent rate and regulatory reforms to make low-income DER installations
profitable outright for utilities or third-party providers, other options must
become available to finance, or otherwise ensure, this development.

   1. Financing and Other Mechanisms for Low-Income DER and Home Weatherization

 This subsection notes some of the actions taken by states, private
institutions, and individuals to address DER access and energy cost disparities
within low-income communities. Such actions are all in addition to other federal
initiatives through the EPA and Department of Housing and Urban Development to
boost  [*293]  wind and solar development in low-income communities. n154 The
EPA is also developing a detailed summary of initiatives by states, local
agencies, non-profits, and utilities to help low-income communities improve
their energy efficiency and access to renewable energy resources. n155

   a. Public-Private Partnerships.

 At a time of constrained government resources, the public-private partnership
(P3) model is gaining renewed interest among those concerned about addressing
the needs of America's electricity system in particular, and infrastructure in
general. n156 These contractual arrangements allow governments and private
actors to combine their resources and expertise to finance, develop, construct,
operate, or own infrastructure assets. n157 From expanding affordable housing
access, n158 and improving municipal recycling and waste management, n159 to
working on next-generation batteries and other technology, n160 public-private
partnerships have become a common tool for governments to leverage public funds
and capitalize on the experience and skills of the private sector.

   The P3 model has already proven effective as a state and federally led policy
to drive distributed generation integration in low-income communities. For
example, as part of California's Go Solar initiative, the California Energy
Commission's New Solar Homes Partnership, which provides incentives for solar
installations on new home constructions, has already provided $ 23 million in
incentives  [*294]  for 883 low-income homes. n161 This also translates to 7.69
MW of electricity back to the grid. n162 More recently, public housing
developments have become the target of DER projects. In December 2015, Goldman
Sachs partnered with the Housing Authority of the City of Newark to provide $ 84
million to finance energy efficiency projects in over 6,000 rental homes - the
largest such project to date, with the potential to impact 10,000 low-income
Newark residents. n163 The Burbank California Housing Authority and non-profit
solar installer PV4All, partnered to install rooftop solar, storage, inverters,
and other smart technology in several of the Authority's housing units. n164
These resources are networked together through an intelligent energy management
system and controllable by PV4All. As the owner and aggregator of all these
resources, PV4All is able to provide distribution and transmission services like
curtailment, ramping, and voltage control - all of which redound to the benefit
of the Burbank Housing residents who receive reduced energy bills as a result.
n165

   b. Tax Incentives, Tax-Based Financing, and On-Bill Financing

 There are a number of incentives and financing mechanisms to help spur project
development. These include state and local tax policies like Property Assessed
Clean Energy (PACE), Tax Increment Financing (TIF), and the federal New Market
Tax Credit (NMTC). Under a PACE model, up-front costs for certain energy-related
projects are provided by state or local governments and are paid back through an
increased property tax assessment over the course of fifteen to twenty years.
n166 Through the TIF model, state and local governments can attract economic
developers by earmarking future property tax increases that are the result of
economic and community development in a particular area. For its part, the NMTC
provides federal tax credits to individuals and businesses that invest in
"Community Development Entities" - which in turn make investments in low-income
communities, much like a community development financial institution (CDFI).
n167 In addition to tax-based incentives and financing structures,
customer-sited DER (or energy efficiency) projects can get a boost through
on-bill financing, in which the upfront costs are provided by the utility and
then gradually paid  [*295]  back by the customer through their bill. n168 These
are just some of the state and federal policies available to use individually or
in tandem with other solutions mentioned here to spur economic and energy
development in financially struggling communities and help reduce the energy
burden of lower-income customers.

   c. Green Banks, CDFIs, and Impact Investors

 States are helping to finance renewable resource project developments through
grants or through quasi-public and non-profit institutions like Green Banks and
Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs). These institutions are
then able to provide low-interest loans to targeted communities - like
low-income ratepayers - who might not qualify for traditional financial
assistance. n169 Funds for these programs can come from numerous sources, such
as general tax funds, PBF surcharges on utility customers, or even through some
of the other revenue sources suggested throughout this Part. Similarly, private
institutions, families, or individual investors interested in advancing
low-income DER development can often get directly involved as impact investors
for such projects. n170

   2. Non-Profit or Government Development DER Within Low-income Communities

 Much like with the urban and rural electrification disparity of the early
twentieth century, the "electrical divide" in the United States between
lower-income and higher-income households, with regard to DER and clean tech
access, is becoming ever more apparent. n171 Beyond concerns of universal
service, though, low-income communities suffer financially when they are denied
equitable access to DER when these resources can provide cost-effective power or
otherwise offset their utility bills. Where utilities or third-party providers
fail to address the need for cost-effective DER development within low-income
communities, a backstop option could be establishing a separate non-profit or
government entity to undertake such projects.

[*296]

   a. Non-Profit Development: Urban Electric Cooperatives

 In areas where DER development within low-income communities fails to entice
profit-motivated utilities and third party providers, such development could be
undertaken by non-profit entities. One emerging model in this vein is the urban
electric cooperative. Patterned off the cooperatives that electrified rural
America in the early twentieth century, n172 the urban electric cooperative
model emerged as a twenty-first century response to cost concerns stemming from
electric sector deregulation in the late 1990s and early 2000s. n173 In 1997, a
group of New York City housing cooperatives formed the first urban electric
cooperative, 1st Rochdale Cooperative Group Ltd. n174 Initially imagined as a
comprehensive energy demand aggregator and manager, the 1st Rochdale Cooperative
eventually recognized other cost-savings opportunities through distributed
generation development in addition to taking on more conservation and efficiency
measures. n175 Despite the innovative approach taken by 1st Rochdale, the urban
electric cooperative model failed to find popularity, possibly due to the
then-high cost of distribution-side resources.

   As the economics of demand response and distributed generation technologies
continue to improve, however, urban electric cooperatives are emerging again as
potential solutions for underserved communities. Indeed, such a model was the
centerpiece of a recent proposal to "NY Prize" - a New York state initiative to
spur grid modernization and resiliency through microgrid development. The
proposal, "Beyond the Grid Community Microgrid," seeks to establish a non-profit
urban microgrid that uses a variety of generation, storage, and other DER to
serve three public schools, a community center, pharmacy, supermarket, and
several apartment buildings in parts of Manhattan's East Village that were
adversely affected by Hurricane Sandy. n176

   Much like how rural cooperatives were initially financed through REA loans,
their urban counterparts could likewise seek funding through grant programs or
revenues generated from power purchase agreements or selling other grid
services. For example, the Beyond the Grid Community Microgrid would rely in
part on NY Prize grant money and PPAs with the New York City Housing Authority.
n177 In addition, because its distributed generation assets would be "qualifying
facilities" under the federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act, the
microgrid would also be able to sell power to ConEdison under the utility's
Buy-Back Service. n178  [*297]  By securing such funding sources, this
reemerging model could serve as a useful tool in the broader effort to bring
equitable and cost-effective DER solutions to low-income communities. n179

   b. Government Development

 Just as the federal government prioritized electrification to foster rural
economic development, so too could the federal or state governments directly
intervene to develop energy resources in help low-income communities. As seen in
past efforts to develop certain natural resources or business opportunities,
such government intervention could be done on either a permanent or
transitionary basis.

   Examples of the first approach include the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)
and the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA). Although they each have different
mandates - TVA as a vertically-integrated generator, transmitter and distributor
of electricity, n180 BPA as a federal power marketer n181 - they each operate as
self-sustaining businesses. n182 Like other similar federal agencies, they also
prioritize their power sales to non-profit publicly-owned utilities, such as
municipally-owned utilities and cooperatives. n183 A state-level example of
government resource development is the New York Power Authority's Niagara Power
Project, which was authorized by Congress in 1957 to develop and distribute
power from the Niagara River, and which also gives preference to publicly-owned
utilities and cooperatives. n184

   The second government-led approach would be for the state or federal
government to initially develop the DER potential within certain low-income
communities and then transition project ownership and maintenance to the local
utility or other third-parties once those assets become profitable and the
market has matured.  [*298]  An example of this model at the federal level is
the Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail), which was created by Congress in
1974 to rehabilitate Northeast and Midwest freight and passenger rail traffic
following the bankruptcies of six major northeastern railroad companies from
1967-1972. n185 After nearly $ 8 billion in federal dollars, and following
railroad deregulation through the 1980 Staggers Rail Act, n186 Conrail became
profitable again in 1981, and by 1983 had become the fourth largest freight
hauler in the United States. n187 Although the government only received around $
2 billion from Conrail's initial public offering in 1987, the venture's
achievement lies primarily in the fact that the Northeast's rail system, and its
economy to a large degree, were preserved. n188

   Implementing either of the two government-led models would involve similar
considerations. First, because the Federal Power Act (FPA) restricts the federal
government's authority to only wholesale sales of electricity and interstate
transmission, n189 the best approach for establishing a federal agency to
develop distribution-level resources would be for Congress to pass separate
statutory authority with a broader Commerce Clause finding, similar to the
approach taken by the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978. n190
States could more easily establish a separate government entity since the FPA
places distribution-level development and retail sales under their jurisdiction.
n191

   The second consideration is the matter of under what "mandates" this new
state or federal agency would operate. Just as natural waterways create the
potential to harvest hydroelectric power, so too is there energy potential on
residential and commercial rooftops, brownfield sites, and other locations
predominately located in low-income areas. As a result, the primary mandate of a
newly-created  [*299]  government agency could be to directly serve low-income
customers if cost-effective, n192 or otherwise ensure that they receive the
financial benefit of any power or grid services sold to utilities or into
wholesale markets.

   E. The Role of Charitable Donations

 Another avenue for supplementing low-income ratepayer assistance programs is
through donations from other ratepayers, utilities, or businesses. Many
utilities today offer their customers the ability to make one-time or recurring
donations on their utility bills. n193 Others have online forms that customers
can fill out to donate. n194 A few utilities make it even easier: for example,
texting "SHARE" to 27722 will automatically donate $ 5 to a needy New York state
customer through ConEdison's EnergyShare fuel fund, n195 while texting "LIGHT"
to 20222 will send that same amount to someone in California through SoCal
Edison's Energy Assistance Fund. n196

   These donation programs reap multiple benefits: first and foremost, to the
low-income recipients, but also to the individuals and businesses in the form of
tax-deductible donations, sometimes matched dollar-for-dollar by the utility.
n197 A utility can leverage its own charitable donations and increase its
profile within a community by raising awareness on social media or publicizing
additional matching-fund challenges. Such was the approach of Columbia Gas of
Pennsylvania, which pledged a donation for every new "like" or "follow" on the
company's social media throughout February 2015 - a campaign that raised $ 7,000
for the Red Cross, while also giving the utility a dedicated audience for the
emergency preparedness tips it shared online. n198

   By giving to local fuel funds in particular - non-profits that assist with
bill-paying - utilities can write-off their contributions as charitable
donations and see that same money flow back as cash payments at times when bills
are most difficult to collect from low-income households: peak summer and peak
winter periods. n199 Although no money is made in this transaction, the utility
and its shareholders benefit when the number of outstanding accounts receivables
is reduced. n200 With  [*300]  corporations able to expense up to 10% of their
taxable income as charitable gifts, this could be a powerful, if intermittent,
funding mechanism for the most vulnerable ratepayers.

   With more products and services coming online and billing practices becoming
more sophisticated as the grid evolves, additional avenues open for tapping into
customers' charitable dispositions. For instance, customers in some places can
already donate their solar energy net metering credits to institutions like
churches and schools. n201 With smart technologies to accurately quantify
customer-side generation, modern rate designs to appropriately value those
services, and the right organizations to connect with needy customers, donating
to low-income ratepayers could become even more streamlined and impactful.

   F. Preserving Protections Within Rate-Structures, Even as they Evolve

 As seen in the California Public Utility Commission's Order on tier-flattening
and TOU rates, a major grid reform goal is changing rate structures to better
align costs and benefits of serving individual customers. Even states committed
to rate-based low-income assistance, like New York, n202 are nonetheless
considering such rate modifications. As regulators move forward with utility
reforms, it will take creative collaboration among multiple parties to ensure
the sustainability of the electricity system, while remaining faithful to the
fundamental principles of universal and non-discriminatory electricity access to
low-income ratepayers. This final section, then, discusses some of the
rate-related policies to achieve those ends.

   1. The Emerging Rate Structures and Policies: PBR and Time-of-Use

 Transitioning to an advanced electricity system will require turning toward
modern rate designs and away from the traditional and "unenlightened" rate
structure that has been standard throughout the utility industry for decades.
n203 Although grid reforms underway are each approaching this question in
different ways, there is general agreement that the solution will involve
time-varying rates and performance-based ratemaking (PBR). n204 These policies
raise implementation and measurement concerns, but with the proper safeguards in
place, all customers - especially vulnerable low-income customers - can be
protected from significant cost increases and empowered to participate in
tomorrow's reformed electricity system.

[*301]

   a. Performance-Based Ratemaking

 As a regulatory approach, PBR replaces the consumption and
capital-expenditure-based incentives in traditional cost-of-service ratemaking
with other financial incentives to lower costs, improve service, or otherwise
achieve different system, social, economic, or environmental goals. n205 This
ratemaking tool is already widely used in parts of Australia, New Zealand,
Canada, South America, in addition to U.S. states like Illinois and
Massachusetts. n206

   Seen as a way to shore-up utility revenues in an era of declining demand and
as an avenue to advance other objectives, PBR has been embraced by utility
reformers. n207 In its Phase I report, the e21 Initiative called on Minnesota to
develop and allow utilities to "opt into a multi-year, performance-based
[regulatory] framework." n208 Such a framework would measure and provide revenue
based upon utility performance in areas like total system efficiency,
reliability, customer service, environmental sustainability, affordability, and
competitiveness. n209 The state's public utility commission is taking these
recommendations under advisement, and according to a March 2016 staff report,
the Commission acknowledges PBR's role as part of a larger long-term vision for
the state's grid modernization efforts. n210

   Although a PBR framework has yet to be formally adopted in the New York REV
proceeding, earlier Commission Orders and staff reports in the REV proceeding
indicate a central role for performance incentives as not only a revenue
stabilizer for utilities but as a way to earn additional profits. n211 Through
so-called Earnings Impact Mechanisms (EIMs), utilities can supplement their
revenue streams by taking action on areas like peak reduction, energy
efficiency, customer engagement and information access, interconnection, and
affordability. n212 The "affordability" EIM is particularly noteworthy because
it targets low-income ratepayers for special assistance by incentivizing utility
support for DER integration in low-income communities and reducing the numbers
of service terminations and uncollectible expenses. n213 According to the broad
strokes of the staff report, utilities would earn EIM credit if they can show
certain levels of low-income DER  [*302]  participation and per-customer
savings, as well as below-average numbers of service terminations. n214 Further
explanation and detail of the REV PBR model will be provided by the NYPSC in its
forthcoming Track Two Order.

   The primary question with PBR schemes that is often raised by low-income and
other consumer advocates, is how to craft incentives that force meaningful
utility action in exchange for reasonable, but not excessive, revenues. n215
Both the e21 Phase I report and, to a lesser extent, the NYPSC Track Two staff
report leave the details to be ferreted out later. Indeed, the NPYSC staff
report acknowledges a number of outstanding implementation issues to be
addressed, including "ratepayer impacts (of both the incentives and the desired
outcomes)," as well as "the degree of utility control over the outcomes." n216
Another question to address is the consequence for the utility's failure to meet
a PBR benchmark - an issue that may be less relevant to the NYPSC Track Two
staff proposal - since EIMs supplement existing utility service obligations.
Nonetheless, it remains to be seen how rigorous the e21 and NYPSC
performance-based schemes will be in their design and implementation.

   b. Time-Varying Rates

 Time-differentiated electricity pricing, facilitated by smart technologies,
will be an integral part of modernizing the electricity system. n217 There are
four subsets of time-varying rates - Critical Peak Pricing (CPP), Peak Time
Rebates (PTR), Time of Use (TOU), and Variable Peak Pricing (VPP) - but they all
essentially seek to give price signals tied to current market or demand
conditions. n218 With some limited exceptions, residential time-varying rates
have mostly been implemented in the United States through pilot programs. n219

   Many consumer advocates have expressed concern that time-varying rates
negatively impact low-income customers, especially those who are not equipped
with the necessary metering infrastructure or are unable to alter their
consumption during high-use times. n220 Others argue, however, that low-income
customers tend  [*303]  to be responsive to price signals, n221 and that they
tend to be low-usage customers to begin with - although not always. n222

   Notwithstanding the potential system and cost-savings benefits from using
time-varying rates, regulators should nonetheless take extra precautions to
ensure that low-income customers are especially protected due to their
vulnerability to rate increases. Such precautions could include: ensuring
adequate access to energy information, providing bill protection to ease with
the transition, and offering a two-tiered rate option in which low-income
customers pay the lesser of their historical usage (individual or class) or the
time-varying rate. n223

   2. Rate Designs and Policies that Can Harm Low-Income Customers

 There are many goals regulators seek to accomplish through the utility rate
structure - goals that, depending on the needs of the particular state, may
outweigh the "affordability" concerns that are the sole focus for low-income
ratepayer advocates. These can include, for instance, promoting energy
efficiency and environmental objectives, ensuring continued utility revenue,
facilitating distributed generation development as well as empowering customer
choice. n224 Nonetheless, experience has shown that certain rate designs have a
negative impact on low-income ratepayers. Regulators and reformers concerned
about maintaining universal and equitable grid access while transitioning to a
modern regulatory model should therefore either avoid entirely, or mitigate the
effects of, the following rate designs and rate-related policies.

   a. High Fixed Charges

 Fixed costs are set monthly charges designed to help utilities recoup
distribution system costs. n225 Although useful for restoring utility revenue
lost through demand reductions, they can discourage efficiency measures and
distributed generation, and could contribute to grid defection if storage
technologies mature. n226 In addition, they also penalize low-use customers and
contribute to the overall energy burden of low-income ratepayers. n227 The same
disincentives could be said to apply to public benefit fund surcharges - with
the exception of negative low-  [*304]  income customer impacts. However, public
benefit charges tend to be much smaller than utility fixed charges, and in any
event, the negative effects of these disincentives could be avoided by instead
implementing strong volumetric, time-varying prices combined with otherwise low
distribution-related fixed charges.

   b. Decoupling That is Not Tied to Added Efficiency Measures and Other
Benefits

 Through traditional cost-of-service rate regulation, utilities lack incentive
to promote energy efficiency or customer-side generation because they secure
revenue through their earned rate of return on large capital investments and
selling kilowatts. n228 However, under a revenue regulation scheme, regulators
"decouple" revenue from electricity sales and set it as a fixed amount. n229
Although there is no longer the disincentive to promote energy efficiency,
consumer advocates warn that without careful regulatory guidance these schemes
could end up "blindly rewarding companies for reductions in sales for reasons
that have nothing to do with utility-sponsored energy efficiency." n230 Over
time, the regulator-approved revenue amounts increase slightly - another point
of contention among consumer advocates. n231 There are numerous policy arguments
in favor of revenue regulation, n232 but suffice to say, the above-identified
criticisms can be addressed through such additional consumer protections as:
conditioning "decoupling" on new energy efficiency programs; closer scrutiny and
adjustment of utility cost structure assumptions; or applying a decoupling
charge on higher-usage customers, which is then used to offset costs for
lower-usage customers. n233

   V. Conclusion

 As utilities and regulators endeavor to adapt to the new realities bearing down
on the electricity grid, they will have big problems to solve: How will
utilities earn revenue despite falling demand and customer-side generation, and
what regulatory policies will be required to ensure sustainable, equitable, and
forward-thinking development? As new policies and regulatory models emerge from
these discussions, it is also important to remember that this evolution will
especially impact some of the most vulnerable members of our community.

   Each of the grid modernization processes underway today envision new rate
structures that would likely reduce the cross-subsidization upon which most
low-income assistance programs rely. Thus, the question for low-income consumer
[*305]  advocates becomes: what tools remain available to fund these programs
that will not conflict with the overarching goals of the wider reform efforts
underway? This article raised just some of the options available to regulators
and stakeholders. Creative application of these and other solutions can help
sustain energy assistance programs while also empowering low-income ratepayers
by leveraging the electricity system benefits they can provide.

   Ultimately, however, the money to sustain low-income ratepayer programs
cannot be created from whole cloth. Each of the options outlined in Part IV will
require appropriating funds that could also go to other worthy projects,
programs, or stakeholder groups. Addressing the growing electrical divide and
ever-present affordability problems for low-income households will therefore
require not only resourcefulness, but also conviction and follow-through.

   We have already seen what this kind of dedication looks like through past
experiences with rural electrification and other New Deal era public works
projects. Likewise, we have a long history of providing public assistance in
general, and through utility regulation in particular. These principles should
be the lodestars that guide policy discussions around low-income ratepayer
issues. Indeed, regardless of how thoughtful the design or good the intentions,
there is no solution to this problem that will not require a recommitment to the
fundamental equity ideals underpinning utility regulation and universal access.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawTransportation & PipelinesElectricity TransmissionEnergy &
Utilities LawUtility CompaniesGeneral OverviewEstate, Gift & Trust
LawWillsBeneficiariesElections

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Third-party financing, and more recently utility-led financing, is how the
majority of residential customers install distributed energy resources (DER) on
their properties. These arrangements, though, can be both complicated and nearly
out of reach for customers without good credit scores - a group that often
includes low-income customers. See, e.g., Patrick Sabol, From Power to
Empowerment: Plugging Low Income Communities into the Clean Energy Economy,
Groundswell (April 2016), groundswell.org/frompower_to_empowerment_wp.pdf.





n2.  As is common in the United States, because renters typically pay utility
costs, landlords have little incentive to pay for the property and
weatherization upgrades necessary to make a rental unit more energy efficient.
Likewise, few renters see the long-term value in improving property that they do
not own. This dilemma is particularly acute for households qualifying for
federal energy assistance, nearly 79% of which live in rental units and pay
their own utility bills. Diana Hernandez & Stephen Bird, Energy Burden and the
Need for Integrated Low-Income Housing and Energy Policy, 2 Poverty Pub. Pol'y 5
(Nov. 2010),
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4819257/pdf/nihms-763053.pdf.





n3.  See, e.g., Ralph Cavanagh & John Howat, Finding Common Ground Between
Consumer and Environmental Advocates, ElectricityPolicy.com 5 (May 2012),
https://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/energy_utility_telecom/additional_resources/deco
upling-common-ground.pdf.





n4.  Carmen DeNavas-Walt & Bernadette D. Proctor, Income and Poverty in the
United States: 2014, U.S. Census Bureau 12 (Sept. 16, 2015),
https://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/library/publications/2015/demo/p60-252
.pdf. Whether a person is living in poverty depends on average annual income
level and family size. According to the most recent data from the U.S. Census
Bureau, the poverty threshold for a single person is $ 12,071 annually, $ 15,379
for a two-person home, $ 18,850 for three member families, $ 24,230 for
four-member families, and so on. Id. at 43.





n5.  Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, Distribution of the Total Population by
Federal Poverty Level (Above and Below 200% FPL) (2015),
kff.org/other/state-indicator/population-up-to-200-fpl/ (using U.S. Census
bureau information from 2014 to set out how many people nationally and in each
state live under 200% of the federal poverty level). Of the 313.3 million people
living in the U.S. by the end of 2013, over 106.4 million were living under 200%
of the federal poverty level. Id. This number likely represents the upper-end of
additional potential aid recipients because only a few states extend eligibility
to 200% of the FPL.





n6.  Staff Report, Proceeding of the Commission to Examine Programs to Address
Energy Affordability for Low Income Utility Customers, No. 14-M-0565, 5 (N.Y.
Pub. Serv. Comm'n June 1, 2015) [hereinafter NYPSC Low-Income Staff Report].





n7.  Residential Energy Consumption Survey, U.S. Energy Info. Admin.,
www.eia.gov/consumption/residential/. For a state-by-state breakdown of energy
burdens, see Home Energy Affordability Gap, Fisher, Sheehan, & Colton,
www.homeenergyaffordabilitygap.com/03a_affordabilityData.html (last visited
Oct.6, 2016).





n8.  NYPSC Low-Income Staff Report, supra note 6, at 5; Home Energy
Affordability Gap, supra note 7.





n9.  Fisher Sheehan & Colton, Home Energy Affordability Gap 2015 (April 2016),
www.homeenergyaffordabilitygap.com/03a_affordabilityData.html (click on
individual states in the map to download factsheets); Kevin Monte de Ramos,
Poverty & the Public Utility 50 (2005).





n10.  LIHEAP is a federal grant program that provides the most assistance to
low-income ratepayers. See infra Section II.B.1.





n11.  Jo-Ann Choate & Mark Wolfe, Nat'l Energy Assist. Directors' Ass'n,
National Energy Assistance Survey 3 (Nov. 2011),
neada.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/NEA_Survey_Nov11.pdf.





n12.  See, e.g., Id.; Hernandez & Bird, supra note 2; John Cook & Ingrid Weiss,
The Impacts of Increasing Household Energy Prices on Health and Health Care
Costs in New York State 12-18 (May 2013),
www.childrenshealthwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/Final_Entergyfoundationreport-No
v-4-2013-w-changes-Accptd.pdf; Monte de Ramos, supra note 9, at xvii.





n13.  Choate & Wolfe, supra note 11, at 5.





n14.  Cook & Weiss, supra note 12, at 9; Hernandez & Bird, supra note, 2 at 3.





n15.  Diana Hernandez et al., Energy Insecurity Among Families with Children,
Nat'l Center for Children in Poverty 7 (Jan. 2014),
www.nccp.org/publications/pdf/text_1086.pdf.





n16.  Id.





n17.  LIHEAP Frequently Asked Questions, U.S. Dep't Health & Human Serv. (Jan.
9, 2016),
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/ocs/resource/consumer-frquently-asked-questions#Q11;
Weatherization Assistance Program, U.S. Dep't Energy,
energy.gov/eere/wipo/weatherization-assistance-program (last visited Oct. 6,
2016).





n18.  Charles Harak et al., Access to Utility Service, § 8.1.2 (Nat'l Consumer
Law Center 2011) (describing the history of the LIHEAP grant program).





n19.  Id. § 8.1.1.





n20.  LIHEAP Clearinghouse, LIHEAP 101: What You Need to Know 7 (March 2014),
https://liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/pubs/LCIssueBriefs/FinalLIHEAPPrimer.pdf.





n21.  42 U.S.C. § 8624(b)(5) (2012).





n22.  LIHEAP and WAP Funding, LIHEAP Clearinghouse,
www.liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/Funding/funding.htm (last visited Oct. 7, 2016) (noting
that the total amount of Congressionally-allocated LIHEAP funds for 2016 will be
$ 3.35 billion by the end of that year).





n23.  Gene Falk et al., Cong. Research Serv., R44327, Need-Tested Benefits:
Estimated Eligibility and Benefit Receipt by Families and Individuals 39 (2015),
https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R44327.pdf. For further discussion of the wide
gap between who is eligible and who receives benefits from LIHEAP see Home
Energy Affordability Gap, supra note 7.





n24.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 8.1.1.





n25.  Bruce Tonn et al., Oak Ridge Nat'l Lab., Weatherization Works - Summary of
Findings from the Retrospective Evaluation of the U.S. Department of Energy's
Weatherization Assistance Program 3 (Sept. 2014),
weatherization.ornl.gov/Retrospectivepdfs/ORNL_TM-2014_338.pdf [hereinafter
Weatherization Works].





n26.  42 U.S.C. § 6862 (2009); Weatherization Works supra note 25, at 3. The
National Association of State Community Services Programs (NASCSP) is the
national organization that provides the latest news on WAP, as well as technical
support, guidance, and other assistance to grant recipients and their
weatherization agencies. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009,
Pub. L. No. 111-5 § 407, 123 Stat. 115, 145 (revised the eligibility criteria
from 150% to 200% of the FPL).





n27.  See generally The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.





n28.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Weatherization Assistance Program funding II-1 (2008),
www.waptac.org/data/files/website_docs/briefing_book/2_programfunding_final.pdf.





n29.  Weatherization Program Notice 16-2A, Program Year 2016 Grantee Allocations
- Revised, U.S. Dep't Energy (Jan. 8, 2016); Weatherization Works, supra note
25, at 4.





n30.  Weatherization Works, supra note 25, at 4-5; Nat'l Ass'n for State Cmty.
Serv. Programs, Weatherization Assistance Program: PY 2014 Funding Survey 2
(2014),
www.nascsp.org/data/files/weatherization/publications/nascsp2014_wap_funding_sur
vey_final062015_print508.pdf [hereinafter WAP Program Survey].





n31.  Weatherization Works, supra note 22, at xvi (analyzing the
benefits-to-costs ratio WAP, and concluding that it is nearly 4-1 - an analysis
that has been challenged by other economists, see infra note 150).





n32.  Weatherization Works, supra note 25, at 6.





n33.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Weatherization and Intergovernmental Program: Fact
Sheet (May 2009), www1.eere.energy.gov/wip/pdfs/wap_factsheet.pdf.





n34.  Duncan M. MacIntyre, Public Assistance: Too Much or Too Little? 8-10
(1964); Monte de Ramos, supra note 9, at 29-31 (briefly outlining the origins of
Poor Law in England, and tracing its influence on American law and the New
Deal).





n35.  See Reg. Assistance Project, Electricity Regulation in the U.S.: A Guide
3, 7 (Mar. 2011) [hereinafter RAP Guide]. Although the early electric companies
of the late 19th century were initially allowed to compete openly with coal,
peat, and other energy providers subject to only loose city regulations,
eventually, they soon became viewed like other businesses similarly "affected
with a public interest." Munn v. Illinois, 94 U.S. 113 (1877). That is, like
grain terminals, warehouses, railroads and other industries at the time,
electric companies were soon recognized as providing essential services to
society. Furthermore, in light of the technical and infrastructure complexities
inherent in the industry, it became clear that it could not fully support
competition, and that electric companies were in fact, "natural monopolies."
Although later electric-sector restructuring of the 1990s and early 2000s would
prove that the generation sector could be subject to market forces, such
competition is not possible for the transmission and distribution components of
utility service.





n36.  Tripp v. Frank (1792) 100 Eng. Rep. 1234 (extending the duty of service to
ferries and laying the groundwork for later including utilities); Jim Rossi, The
Common Law "Duty to Serve" and Protection of Consumers in an Age of Competitive
Retail Public Utility Restructuring, 51 Vand. L. Rev. 1233, 1236-37 (1998)
(providing background information on the historical development of the common
law duty to serve).





n37.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.1.2; 64 Am. Jur. 2d Public Utilities § 21
(2016); 73B C.J.S. Public Utilities § 8 (2016).





n38.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.1.2; Rossi, supra note 36, at 1255-56.





n39.  See, e.g. New York v. McCall, 245 U.S. 345, 350-51 (1917) (upholding, as
non-arbitrary or capricious, an order from the New York Public Service
Commission requiring a natural gas utility to extend distribution lines to a
community within its service territory, regardless that such an extension would
not be very profitable); Elk Run Tel. Co. v. General Tel. Co. of Iowa, 160
N.W.2d 311 (Iowa 1968) (considering the common law "duty to serve" in
interpreting a state statute and holding that the state Commerce Commission is
authorized to require a telephone utility to extend its service to new customers
who are inside the utility's franchise area); Rossi, supra note 36, at 1255-56.





n40.  James C. Bonbright, Principles of Public Utility Rates 33-35, 136-41,
369-85 (1961).





n41.  73B C.J.S. Public Utilities § 9 (Service to the public - Duty to provide
service without discrimination); Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.





n42.  See infra notes 56, 122 (discussing "lifeline" rates).





n43.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 372-83.





n44.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.4; see infra note 108 (discussing how
low-income customers are not necessarily low-users of electricity).





n45.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 2.3.4.





n46.  See generally Deward Clayton Brown, Electricity for Rural America: The
Fight for the REA (1980); Richard P. Keck, Reevaluating the Rural
Electrification Administration: A New Deal for the Taxpayer, 16 Envt'l L. 39,
42-62 (1985).





n47.  Brown, supra note 46 at xiii - xvi; Keck, supra note 46.





n48.  Keck, supra note 46, at 44. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt issued an
executive order establishing the Rural Electrification Administration, Exec.
Order No. 7037 (May 11, 1935). Congress later endorsed this action with passage
of the Rural Electrification Act the following year. Ch. 432, 49 Stat. 1363
(1936) (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.§§901-950b (2012)).





n49.  Brown, supra note 46.





n50.  See, e.g., Order Adopting Low Income Program Modification and Directing
Utility Filings, No. 14-M-0565, 7, 45 (New York Pub. Serv. Comm'n May 20, 2016)
[hereinafter NYPSC Low-Income Order] (listing examples of invocations of this
and other core utility regulatory principles); see also infra Section IV.D.2.a
(discussing the emergency of urban electrification cooperatives modeled off of
the early history of rural electric cooperatives).





n51.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 111-112.





n52.  Id. at 111; see also NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 45.





n53.  For example, as retail competition arrived in some parts of the country in
the 1990s and early 2000s, regulators ensured distribution utilities maintained
their "duty to serve" utilities by requiring them to provide back-stop "basic
service options" to any customer within their service territory. See, e.g.,
Rossi, supra note 36, at 1294.





n54.  For example, regulators in New York and stakeholders in Minnesota and
elsewhere have voiced their support for continued universal service in the midst
of their respective electric grid reform discussions. Order Adopting Regulatory
Policy Framework and Implementation Plan for a Reformed Retail Electric
Industry, No. 14-M-0101, 85 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Feb. 26, 2015) [hereinafter
REV Track One Order] ("Our statutory responsibility to maintain universal,
affordable service is a critical driver of the REV initiative"); e21 Initiative,
Phase I Report: Charting a Path to a 21st Century Energy System in Minnesota 2
(Dec. 2014),
http://www.betterenergy.org/sites/www.betterenergy.org/files/e21_Initiative_Phas
e_I_Report_2014.pdf (listing universal access for low-income customers in
particular as a "guiding principle" for their reform process); Jim Lazar &
Wilson Gonzalez, Smart Rate Design for a Smart Future, Reg. Assistance Project 6
(Jul. 2015), http://www.raponline.org/document/download/id/7680 (setting out the
three principles of modern ratemaking, and noting that the first is at-cost grid
access); David Littell, Principal, Reg. Assistance Project, Presentation to the
National Conference of State Legislators: Regulatory Structures and Market
Transformation 8 (Dec. 8, 2015),
www.ncsl.org/Portals/1/Documents/energy/Littell-present.pdf (reiterating the
principles of modern ratemaking and making the right of universal access
explicit at the first principle).





n55.  According to one study, there are around ten different kinds of rate-based
discount programs to assist low-income ratepayers - the most common of which are
discussed in the main text. For a general discussion of the ten different rate
program types, such as the "flat rate discount", "marginal cost based rate," and
"block rate approach," see Maren Mahoney & Michael O'Boyle, ASU Energy Pol'y
Innovation Council, A National Survey of Electric and Gas Utility Rate
Structures for Low-Income Customers 2 (Sept. 2013),
https://energypolicy.asu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/National-Survey-of-Low-I
ncome-Utility-Rates.pdf; and Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7 (describing
various utility affordability programs).





n56.  The term "lifeline" rate is primarily associated with the
telecommunications sector, but is also used in the context of electricity
service. See, e.g., Harak et al., supra note 18, § 11.3.2.2; RAP Guide, supra
note 35, at 94. See infra note 122 for a brief summary of how lifeline rates are
funded through "Universal Service Fund" surcharges on non-low-income customers.





n57.  See infra Part IV.B (discussing public benefit charges and public benefit
funds, through which many states fund their low-income ratepayer assistance
programs); RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 49; Joseph P. Tomain, "Steel in the
Ground': Greening the Grid with the iUtility, 39 Envt'l L. 931, 946-47 (2009).





n58.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2. (discussing straight discount
programs).





n59.  CARE/FERA Programs, Cal. Pub. Util. Comm'n,
www.cpuc.ca.gov/General.aspx?id=976 (last visited Oct. 8, 2016); Harak et al.,
supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2.2.





n60.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.2.3; Mahoney & O'Boyle, supra note
55, at 3 (listing the states that use a "flat rate" discount).





n61.  Paying Your Bill, Pub. Util. Comm'n of Tex. (last visited Oct. 8, 2016),
https://www.puc.texas.gov/consumer/lowincome/assistance.aspx; Jim Malewitz,
Texas Stops Helping Poor Families Pay Their Electric Bills, Tex. Trib. (Sept. 2,
2016),
https://www.texastribune.org/2016/09/02/texas-stops-helping-poor-families-pay-th
eir-electr/.





n62.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.3.2.3.





n63.  Mahoney & O'Boyle, supra note 55, at 6.





n64.  Harak et al., supra note 18, at § § 7.2.3.2.1-2 (discussing Ohio's PIPP,
and its requirement that customers remain liable for PIPP arrears).





n65.  Id. § 7.2.3.3.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id.





n68.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 19-20. Although the Commission
allowed for other methods to be considered to better target assistance, it
approved using ratepayer receipt of any state Home Energy Assistance Program
(HEAP) benefits as a means by which to determine the discount level. Id. at 20.
See infra Section II.B.4 for further discussion of this order.





n69.  See infra Part III.B (explaining the inclining block rate structure).





n70.  Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.2.4.





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id. § 9.





n73.  Id. at § 7.2.5 (noting that arrearage programs come in many varieties,
including, up-front forgiveness, "crisis" forgiveness to stave-off
disconnections, bill multipliers corresponding with what the ratepayer pays,
etc.).





n74.  Id. § 7.2.4.





n75.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 1.





n76.  Id. at 2.





n77.  Id. at 4-5; 23-26.





n78.  Id. at 4.





n79.  Id. at 3, 42.





n80.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 10-12 (detailing the
Commission's recent efforts "to promote affordability of utility service and
provide opportunities to offer benefits to low and moderate income customers to
participate in DER").





n81.  Id. at 30 ("this Order establishes that low income programs will be funded
in utility rates on a continuing basis"); but see Id. at 28 ("Reducing the
energy burden of low income households to the 6% level will require a range of
initiatives, and cannot be accomplished through rate discounts alone.").





n82.  Id. at 30. Among the possible funding sources mentioned were system
benefit charge funds (SBC) and funds generated from cap-and-trade auctions
through the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), of which New York state
is a member. Id. at 10, 29. These potential funding solutions are discussed in
Sections IV.B and IV.C.1, respectively.





n83.  Regulators and industry members also share reliability, resiliency, and
security concerns related to increasing renewables integration, climate
change-related weather events, and vulnerability to cyber and physical attacks.
These concerns relate less to whether the utility can carry on with business as
usual than to whether that can still be said about the electricity system - a
topic outside the scope of this article.





n84.  U.S. Energy Info. Admin., DOE/EIA-0383(2015), Annual Energy Outlook 2015,
at ES-7, ES-8 (Apr. 2015), http://www.eia.gov/forecasts/AEO/pdf/0383(2015).pdf;
Ron Binz et al., Ceres, Practicing Risk-Aware Electricity Regulation: What Every
State Regulator Needs to Know 5 (Apr. 2012),
www.ceres.org/resources/reports/practicing-risk-aware-electricity-regulation
(noting the general decline of electricity, among other factors challenging the
U.S. electric utility sector).





n85.  Kimberly Klaiman, Total Electricity Sales Fell in 2015 for 5th Time in
Past 8 Years, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 14, 2016),
www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=25352. The steepest drops were primarily
due to the 2008-2009 recession, according to the U.S. Energy Information
Administration, and while economic factors likely also play a role in the more
recent sales declines, they are also likely driven by energy efficiency
improvements across the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors. Id.;
Stephen Lacey, Even as America Constructs More Buildings, Electricity Use
Continues to Drop, Greentech Media (Mar. 16, 2016),
https://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/electricity-sales-keep-falling-in-t
he-us.





n86.  Amory Lovins, Reinventing Fire 172-74 (2011) (discussing the typical
utility business model, and how it is negatively impacted by declining
electricity demand).





n87.  Owen Comstock, Coal Made Up More Than 80% of Retired Electricity
Generating Capacity in 2015, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 8, 2016),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=25272.





n88.  Elias Johnson, Planned Coal-fired Power Plant Retirements Continue to
Increase, U.S. Energy Info. Admin. (Mar. 20, 2014),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=15491.





n89.  Hoover Dam: Frequently Asked Questions and Answers, U.S. Bureau of
Reclamation, www.usbr.gov/lc/hooverdam/faqs/powerfaq.html (last updated Mar. 12,
2015) (noting that the nameplate capacity of the Hoover Dam is 2,080 megawatts,
i.e. 2.08 GW).





n90.  Nuclear Energy Inst., Status and Outlook for Nuclear Energy in the United
States 3 (Nov. 2015),
www.nei.org/CorporateSite/media/filefolder/Policy/Papers/statusandoutlook.pdf?ex
t=.pdf.





n91.  Id.





n92.  See, e.g. Tyson Brown & Mike Leff, AEO2014 Projects More Coal-fired Power
Plant Retirements by 2016 Than Have Been Scheduled, U.S. Energy Info. Admin.
(Feb. 14, 2014) www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=15031.





n93.  Id.; Comstock, supra note 87.





n94.  U.S. Energy Info. Admin., Proposed Clean Power Plan Would Accelerate
Renewable Additions and Coal Plant Retirements (June 5, 2015),
https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=21532.





n95.  For a deeper discussion of some technology-related challenges see Lazar &
Gonzalez, supra note 54.





n96.  See, e.g., Mass. Inst. Tech., The Future of the Electric Grid 183 (2011),
https://mitei.mit.edu/system/files/Electric_Grid_Full_Report.pdf (noting the
questions of horizontal and vertical equity raised by net metering policies);
but see Mark Muro & Devashree Saha, Rooftop Solar: Net Metering is a Net
Benefit, Brookings Inst. (May 23, 2016),
www.brookings.edu/research/papers/2016/05/23-rooftop-solar-net-metering-muro-sah
a (noting recent studies that suggest that net metering policies benefit all
ratepayers, when taking all system costs and benefits into account).





n97.  Accenture, Utilities Face Significant Revenue Losses from Growth of Solar,
Storage and Energy Efficiency, Accenture Research Shows (Dec. 8, 2014),
https://newsroom.accenture.com/news/utilities-face-significant-revenue-losses-fr
om-growth-of-solar-storage-and-energy-efficiency-accenture-research-shows.htm;
James M. Van Nostrand, Getting to Utility 2.0: Rebooting the Retail Electric
Utility in the U.S., 6 San Diego J. Climate & Energy L. 149, 154 (2014-2015).





n98.  Order Adopting Regulatory Policy Framework and Implementation Plan, No.
14-M-0101 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Feb. 26, 2015). For a list of key documents in
the docket see Key Documents, N.Y. St. Dep't Pub. Serv.,
www3.dps.ny.gov/W/PSCWeb.nsf/All/C12C0A18F55877E785257E6F005D533E?OpenDocument
(last updated Apr. 27, 2016).





n99.  e21 Initiative, supra note 54. In May 2015, the Minnesota Public Utility
Commission opened a proceeding on grid modernization and is considering many of
the issues addressed in the stakeholder-led e21 Initiative process. Minn. Pub.
Util. Comm'n, Staff Report on Grid Modernization (Mar. 2016),
morethansmart.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/MNPUC_Staff_Report_on_Grid_Moderniz
ation_March2016.pdf.





n100.  California has been addressing many grid reform issues through separate
dockets on subjects ranging from distribution-level resource planning, to
transitioning, to time-of-use rates. See, e.g., Coley Girouard, Top 10 Public
Utility Commission Issues to Watch in 2016, Advanced Energy Persp. (Feb. 4,
2016), blog.aee.net/top-10-public-utility-commission-issues-to-watch-in-2016
(summarizing the open dockets).





n101.  Hawaii has been particularly concerned with how to integrate increasing
levels of distributed energy resources (DER), largely solar PV. See, e.g., Haw.
Pub. Util. Comm'n, Commission's Inclinations on the Future of Hawaii's Electric
Utilities (April 28, 2014),
puc.hawaii.gov/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Commissions-Inclinations.pdf (setting
out the broad technical, economic, and policy issues implicated in the continued
integration of DER); Order No. 33258, In re Public Utilities Commission
Instituting a Proceeding to Investigate Distributed Energy Resource Policies,
Docket No. 2014-0192 (Hawaii Pub. Util. Comm'n Oct. 12, 2015) (replacing the
existing net metering program with two new tariff options).





n102.  See, e.g., Grid Modernization, Mass. Dep't Pub. Util.'s,
www.mass.gov/eea/energy-utilities-clean-tech/electric-power/grid-mod/grid-modern
ization.html (last visited Oct. 8, 2016).





n103.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 6.





n104.  Id. at 47, 50-54; Bonbright, supra note 40, at 398-99.





n105.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 51.





n106.  Bonbright, supra note 40, at 121-34.





n107.  See, e.g., Proposed Decision, Decision on Residential Rate reform for
Pacific Gas and Electric Company, Southern California Edison Company, and San
Diego Gas & Electric Company and Transition to Time-Of-Use Rates, R.12-06-013,
308 (Cal. Pub. Util. Comm'n Jul. 3, 2015),
http://docs.cpuc.ca.gov/PublishedDocs/Published/G000/M153/K024/153024891.PDF
[hereinafter CPUC Tier-Flattening Order] (finding that "one purpose of the
inclining block rate structure is to encourage residential customers to reduce
aggregate electricity consumption"); Tom Karier, Utility Pricing and Public
Policy, 28 Elec. J. 12, 15 (2015).





n108.  See, e.g. Karier, supra note 107; Charles F. Phillips Jr., The Regulation
of Public Utilities: Theory and Practice § 10 (1988) (noting that one of a
long-standing concerns about "lifeline rates" was whether "high-usage but
low-income consumers would face significant rate increases"). A helpful
illustration of this can be found in the results of a recent utility study in
Oregon. As part of the study, an analysis of the utility's residential customer
class found low-income ratepayers at various usage levels, not just solely at
lowest level. With only ten percent of the utility's total residential class
being low-income that meant that the utility's block rate structure "was helping
about nine times as many customers as intended." Karier, supra note 107, at 15.





n109.  See, e.g., Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 6, 23-24 (discussing core
rate design principles and setting out three principles through which regulators
can modernize the rate structure and accommodate the changes taking place in the
electricity system).





n110.  Id.





n111.  CPUC Tier-Flattening Order, supra note 107.





n112.  Id. at 13; Herman K. Trabish, Inside California's Rate Restructuring Plan
and the Battle for Fixed Charges Looming Over It, Utility Dive (Jul. 13, 2015),
www.utilitydive.com/news/inside-californias-rate-restructuring-plan-and-the-batt
le-for-fixed-charge/402117.





n113.  See CPUC Tier-Flattening Order, supra note 107, at 27-28 (setting out the
rate design principles adopted by the Commission).





n114.  Testimony of Dr. Ahmad Faruqui on Demand Elasticity and Conservation
Impacts of Investor-Owned Utility Proposals, R. 12-06-013, at 12 fig. 1 (Pub.
Util.'s Comm'n of Cal. Oct. 17, 2014) (used with permission from Dr. Faruqui).
With some modifications, the CPUC adopted the proposed rates of PG&E and the
other two investor-owned utilities in its final July 2015 Order.





n115.  Richard W. Caperton & Mari Hernandez, Ctr. for Am. Progress, The
Electrical Divide-New Energy Technologies and Avoiding an Electric Service Gap
9-10 (Jul. 15, 2013),
https://cdn.americanprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/DistributedGeneratio
nBrief-3.pdf.





n116.  See, e.g., Harak et al., supra note 18, § 7.2.3.4 (detailing states, like
Maryland and Washington, that provide supplemental funding for their respective
LIHEAP implementation programs).





n117.  See, e.g., Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy: EERE Funding Opportunity
Exchange U.S. Dep't Energy, https://eere-exchange.energy.gov (last visited Oct.
10, 2016) (listing all of the current EERE funding opportunities - many of which
relate to the sort of technological investments, such as advanced metering
infrastructure, that would be necessary for low-income customers to participate
in the new electricity system being shaped by Utility 2.0); All Programs, U.S.
Dep't Agric., Rural Dev. Off., www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/all-programs
(last visited Oct. 10, 2016) (setting out the rural-community-specific programs
available, many of which, such as distributed generation project development and
USDA's energy efficiency and conservation loan program, could benefit low-income
ratepayers without much modification).





n118.  For more information on other federal programs for financing energy
efficiency and clean energy development see U.S. Dep't Energy et al., Guide to
Federal Financing for Energy Efficiency and Clean Energy Deployment (Sept.
2015),
http://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/10/f18/Federal%20Financing%20Guide%2
009%2026%2014.pdf.





n119.  See, e.g., Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems &
Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants, U.S. Dep't Agric., Rural Dev.
Off.,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-
energy-systems-energy-efficiency (last visited Oct. 10, 2016); Single Family
Housing Repair Loans & Grants, U.S. Dep't Agric., Rural Dev. Off.,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing-repair-loans-
grants (last visited Oct. 10, 2016); see also supra notes 149, 150 (listing
sources that address the link between unaffordable energy bills and adverse
health outcomes).





n120.  Annie Gilleo et al., Am. Council for Energy Efficient Econ., The 2015
State Energy Efficiency Scorecard 21-23 (Oct. 2015),
aceee.org/sites/default/files/publications/researchreports/u1509.pdf.





n121.  PBF surcharges go by several names including, "public benefits charges,"
"system benefits charges," and "utility service riders." Monte de Ramos, supra
note 9, at 101.





n122.  Pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934 and the Telecommunications Act
of 1996, telephone service discounts for low-income households ("lifeline
rates") are paid for by the Universal Service Fund (USF) - which itself is
funded through quarterly fees charged to the nation's telecommunications
companies and, ultimately, to their customers. The USF is managed by the
Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC), a private nonprofit corporation
that administers the lifeline rates program in addition to other USF-funded
programs designed to increase access to high speed broadband to the nation's
schools, libraries, and rural healthcare facilities. Harak et al., supra note
18, § 11.3.2.1.2; Universal Service, Fed. Commc'n Comm'n,
https://www.fcc.gov/general/universal-service (last updated Sept. 7, 2016).





n123.  Sandy Glatt, U.S. Dep't Energy, Public Benefit Funds: Increasing
Renewable Energy & Industrial Energy Efficiency Opportunities ii (Mar. 2010),
www1.eere.energy.gov/manufacturing/states/pdfs/publicbenefitfunds.pdf
[hereinafter DOE: Public Benefit Funds]. For example, if a state's PBC charged
one mill per kilowatt hour, it would take one million kWh to equal $ 1,000. Id.
at 4.





n124.  See, e.g., Michael Dworkin et. al., Revisiting the Environmental Duties
for Public Utility Commissions (2006), 7 Vt. J. Envt'l L. 1, 5-6 (2006); Steven
Ferrey, 2 Law of Independent Power § 10:114 (2016) (describing how system
benefits charges have been used as a policy mechanism to support renewable
resources).





n125.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at ii, 1.





n126.  Id.; David Nichols, The Role of Regulators: Energy Efficiency, 18 Pace
Envt'l L. Rev. 295, 306 (2001) ("Although the PBC concept arose in the context
of restructuring debates, there is no necessary linkage between a PBC and
deregulation.").





n127.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at 13, 15 (detailing Minnesota
and Pennsylvania's approach to, at least partial, PBF funding).





n128.  Id. at 11-16 (noting that the RGGI participating states, CT, DE, ME, MD,
MA, NH, NJ, NY, RI, VT, can allocate some of the revenues generated from cap and
trade auctions toward their individual state PBFs).





n129.  State PBF/USF History, Legislation, Implementation: District of Columbia,
LIHEAP Clearinghouse, https://liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/dereg/states/dc.htm (last
updated Dec. 2015) (noting that effective March 2015, the RAD surcharge was
adjusted from 0.294 mills per kWh to 0.361 mills per kWh, which equates to $
0.000361 per kWh).





n130.  Public Benefit Funds, Ctr. for Climate & Energy,
www.c2es.org/us-states-regions/policy-maps/public-benefit-funds (last visited
Sep. 27, 2016) (setting out a map of the four categories of public benefit
funds: (1) funds for energy efficiency (3 states); (2) funds for renewables (3
states); (3) funds for renewables and efficiency (16 states plus DC); and (4)
Quasi-PBF (5 states)); see also Ctr. for Energy & Env't, Public Benefit Funds,
www.c2es.org/sites/default/modules/usmap/pdf.php?file=5893 (last updated May 20,
2013) (describing each state's PBF program in more detail).





n131.  DOE: Public Benefit Funds, supra note 123, at 11-16 (setting out all of
the state PBF programs).





n132.  Id. at 1.





n133.  State PBV/USF History, Legislation, Implementation: Michigan LIHEAP
Clearinghouse, www.liheapch.acf.hhs.gov/dereg/states/michigan.htm (last updated
Sept. 2015); John D. Quackenbuch et al., Mich. Pub. Serv. Comm'n, Report on the
Low-Income and Energy Efficiency Fund Fiscal Year 2011 1 (Oct. 28, 2011),
www.michigan.gov/documents/mpsc/2011_LIEEF_report_368715_7.pdf. Utility
securitization bonds are variants of asset-backed securities. Through this
method, a utility would earmark a portion of future revenue (from rates) and
sell that as an asset in a financial market. The value of that asset would
depend on various "credit enhancement" factors, like assurance from the
legislature or PUC that it would not be retroactively modified. Funds collected
from the sale would be used to pay off any outstanding debts for capital
investments no longer in use (i.e. stranded). Any funds left over can be
repurposed for other expenses or refunded to ratepayers. Reg. Assistance
Project, Securitization: In search of the Proverbial Free Lunch, Issues Letter
(1997), http://www.raponline.org/docs/RAP_IssuesLetter-Securitization.pdf. To
the extent that other states already utilize, or are considering utilizing, a
securitization method to offset utility stranded costs (especially retiring coal
plants), a portion of the savings could likewise be repurposed for low-income
ratepayers.





n134.  Reg'l Greenhouse Gas Initiative, Investment of RGGI Proceeds Through 2012
3, 23 (Apr. 2015),
https://www.rggi.org/docs/ProceedsReport/Investment-RGGI-Proceeds-Through-2013.p
df (noting that RGGI proceeds have helped to make electricity improvements to
20,000 low-income and multi-family households throughout the RGGI states). As of
this writing, the most current revenue proceed figures provided by RGGI are from
2013.





n135.  Cal. Climate Investments, Using Cap-and-Trade Auction Proceeds 6 (March
2016),
arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/auctionproceeds/cci_annual_report_2016_final.pdf.





n136.  Id.; California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006: Greenhouse Gas
Reduction Fund (2012), S.B. 535, 2012 Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Cal. 2012).





n137.  Edison Elec. Inst., Transportation Electrification: Utility Fleets
Leading the Charge 1 (June 2014),
www.eei.org/issuesandpolicy/electrictransportation/fleetvehicles/documents/eei_u
tilityfleetsleadingthecharge.pdf (calling the electrification of the
transportation sector "our biggest opportunity").





n138.  See, e.g., Michelle Melton, Utility Involvement in Electric Vehicle
Charging Infrastructure: California at the Vanguard, Ctr. for Strategic & Int'l
Stud. (Apr. 6, 2016),
https://www.csis.org/analysis/utility-involvement-electric-vehicle-charging-infr
astructure-california-vanguard.





n139.  Phase I Decision Establishing Policy to Expand the Utilities' Role in
Development of Electric Vehicle Infrastructure, R. 13-11-007, 1-2 (Cal. Pub.
Util.'s Comm'n Dec. 22, 2014).





n140.  Future Uses of Highway Rights of Way, U.S. Dep't Transp. (Apr. 2012),
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/otps/rowstudyproj.cfm.





n141.  Carson Poe & Gina Filosa, Alternative Uses of Highway Rights-of-Way:
Accommodating Renewable Energy Technologies, 2270 Transp. Res. Rec. 23, 24
(2012), ntl.bts.gov/lib/51000/51800/51866/Alternative_Uses_Rights_Way.pdf.





n142.  Poe & Filosa, supra note 141, at 24; Oregon's Solar Highways: All About
the Oregon Solar Highway, Or. Dep't Transp.,
www.oregon.gov/odot/hwy/oipp/pages/inn_solarhighway.aspx (last updated Jan.
2016); Innovative Partnership Program, Or. Dep't Transp.,
https://www.oregon.gov/ODOT/HWY/OIPP/pages/slr_baldock.aspx (last updated Jan.
2016).





n143.  Poe & Filosa, supra note 141, at 24 Table 1.





n144.  Nat'l Renewable Energy Lab., Shared Solar: Current Landscape, Market
Potential, and the Impact of Federal Securities Regulation v (Apr. 2015),
www.nrel.gov/docs/fy15osti/63892.pdf.





n145.  Id.





n146.  Electricity: Green Tariff Shared Renewables Program, S.B. 43, 2013 Gen.
Assemb., Reg. Sess., § 2833(d)(1)(A)(ii) (Cal. 2013) (requiring 100 MW of the
program's total 600MW be located in "disadvantaged communities," including those
areas with "socioeconomic vulnerability."). Pursuant to Colorado's 2010
Community Solar Gardens Act (House Bill 10-1342), and subsequent PUC
regulations, require that community solar developers reserve at least 5% of
subscriber shares to low-income participants if the demand is present.
Recommended Decision of the Administrative Law Judge G. Harris Adams Adopting
Rules, No. R 11-0784, 229-32 (Colo. Pub. Util.'s Comm'n Jul. 25, 2011)
(discussing the Low-income set aside provision of the Community Solar Gardens
Act); see also Lotus Eng'g & Sustainability, Analysis of the Fulfillment of the
Low-Income Carve-Out for Community Solar Subscriber Organizations 4-6 (Nov.
2015),
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/atoms/files/CEO%20Low-Incom
e%20Community%20Solar%20Report.pdf.





n147.  REV Track One Order, supra note 54, at 70.





n148.  Staff Report and Proposal, Reforming the Energy Vision, No. 14-M-0101, 17
(N.Y. Dep't of Pub. Serv. Apr. 24, 2014).





n149.  See, e.g., Bruce Tonn et al., Oak Ridge Nat'l Lab., Health and
Household-Related Benefits Attributable to the Weatherization Assistance Program
xvi (Sept. 2014),
weatherization.ornl.gov/Retrospectivepdfs/ORNL_TM-2014_345.pdf; Kate Kuholski et
al., Healthy Energy-Efficient Housing: Using a One-Touch Approach to Maximize
Public Health, Energy, and Housing Programs and Policies, 16 J. Pub. Health
Mgmt. Prac. S73 (2010),
www.greenandhealthyhomes.org/sites/default/files/3Healthy_Energy_Efficient_Housi
ng.pdf (advocating for a "one-touch" approach that combines public health and
energy efficiency home interventions so as to maximize direct and indirect
benefits to homeowners from these programs).





n150.  Monetization proposals already exist in some cases. See, e.g. Bruce Tonn,
supra note 149, at 104-105 Table 4.49 (summarizing the study's monetization
estimates, and noting that total value of these benefits amounts to over $ 1.1
billion); but see Eduardo Porter, For Government that Works, Call in the
Auditors, N.Y. Times (Oct. 6, 2015),
www.nytimes.com/2015/10/07/business/for-government-that-works-call-in-the-audito
rs.html (criticizing the Oak Ridge report for relying on faulty assumptions,
invalid extrapolations and untested measuring formulae).





n151.  See, e.g., NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 10 ("Greater access
and support for low income and underserved communities to DER is the best way to
narrow the affordability gap that needs to be filled with direct financial
assistance for customers with low incomes.").





n152.  Groundswell, From Power to Empowerment: Plugging Low Income Communities
Into the Clean Energy Economy 4 (Apr. 2016),
groundswell.org/frompower_to_empowerment_wp.pdf.





n153.  Id. This is an especially expensive problem in public housing units,
which consume 38% more energy than comparably-sized private housing. Corey
Barnes et al., Rocky Mountain Inst., Superefficient Affordable Housing:
Solutions to Hurdles 4 (2013),
www.rmi.org/Knowledge-Center/Library/2013-03_SHISolutionsToHurdles.





n154.  U.S. Envt'l Prot. Agency, The Clean Power Plan: Clean Energy Incentive
Program,
https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-08/documents/fs-cpp-ceip.pdf
(last accessed Oct. 14, 2016) (allowing states to earn Emission Reduction
Credits toward their Clean Power Plan compliance by making early investments in
renewable energy projects, and provides yet-more incentives for projects in
low-income communities); News Release, U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., HUD
Announces New Renewable Energy Partners (May 9, 2014),
portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/press_releases_media_advisories/2014/HUD
No_14-04 (announcing the commitment of 27 affordable housing and service
providers to install over 15 MW of on-site renewable energy capacity).





n155.  Bringing the Benefits of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to
Low-Income Communities, U.S. Envt'l Prot. Agency,
https://www.epa.gov/statelocalclimate/bringing-benefits-energy-efficiency-and-re
newable-energy-low-income-communities (last updated Sept. 8, 2016). As of this
writing, the EPA website had case studies on programs in California and
Colorado.





n156.  See, e.g., 2013 Report Card for America's Infrastructure: About America's
Infrastructure, Am. Soc'y Civil Eng'rs.,
www.infrastructurereportcard.org/executive-summary/ (last visited Oct. 14, 2016)
(giving the U.S. an overall grade of D+ for the state of its infrastructure as
part of its most recent quadrennial report).





n157.  Monte De Ramos, supra note 9, at 33 fig. 2-2 (setting out six common
types of public-private partnerships).





n158.  See generally, U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., The Evolution of HUD'S
Public-Private Partnerships (Oct. 2015),
https://www.huduser.gov/hud50th/HUD2-048-Public-Private_Partnership_508.pdf.





n159.  Mike Hower, 5 Public-private Partnerships Pushing the Sustainability
Envelope, GreenBiz (Mar. 4, 2015),
https://www.greenbiz.com/article/5-public-private-partnerships-pushing-sustainab
ility-envelope.





n160.  Pew Charitable Trusts, Distributed Generation: Cleaner, Cheaper, Stronger
5 (Feb. 2016),
www.pewtrusts.org/<diff>/media/assets/2016/02/energy_storage-backs_up_power_supp
ly.pdf; Latest ARPA-E News, U.S. Dep't Energy, Advanced Res. Projects Agency -
Energy, https://arpa-e.energy.gov/?q=media/latest-arpa-e-news (last visited Oct.
14, 2016) (listing all the most recent recipients for grants to develop
high-potential energy technologies).





n161.  Zacharay Shahan, Solar Power For Low-& Moderate-Income Americans -
Obama's New Solar Initiative, CleanTechnica (July 11, 2015),
cleantechnica.com/2015/07/11/solar-power-for-low-moderate-income-americans-obama
s-new-solar-initiative/.





n162.  Id. This is in addition to two other low-income ratepayer-focused
programs through the California Solar Initiative: Single-family Affordable Solar
Housing (SASH) and Multi-family Affordable Solar Housing (MASH). Solar for
Affordable Housing, Go Solar Cal.,
www.gosolarcalifornia.ca.gov/affordable/index.php (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n163.  Impact Investing: Newark Housing Authority Energy Efficiency, Newark, NJ,
Goldman Sachs,
www.goldmansachs.com/what-we-do/investing-and-lending/impact-investing/case-stud
ies/newark-housing-authority.html (last visited Oct. 14, 2016).





n164.  Advanced Energy Econ. Inst. et al., Toward a 21st Century Electricity
System in California 10 (Aug. 11, 2015),
http://info.aee.net/hubfs/PDF/aeei-toward-21ces-ca.pdf?t=1439494418628.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See Bethany Speer & Ron Koenig, Property-Assessed Clean Energy (PACE)
Financing of Renewables and Efficiency, Nat. Renewable Energy Lab (July 2010),
www.nrel.gov/docs/fy10osti/47097.pdf.





n167.  U.S. Dep't Energy, Guide to Federal Financing for Energy Efficiency and
Clean Energy Deployment 21 (Sept. 2014),
http://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2014/10/f18/Federal%20Financing%20Guide%2009%
2026%2014.pdf.





n168.  See, e.g., On-Bill Recovery Financing Program, N.Y. Energy Res. & Dev.
Auth.,
https://www.nyserda.ny.gov/All-Programs/Programs/On-Bill-Recovery-Financing-Prog
ram (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n169.  States that have utilized the Green Bank method of financing energy
improvements include Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Iowa, and
Massachusetts. Financing Clean Energy: Cost-Effective Tools for State Compliance
with the Clean Power Plan (2015), Union Concerned Scientists,
www.ucsusa.org/clean-energy/increase-renewable-energy/green-banks-financing-clea
n-energy#.VwZVaTYrL-k (last visited Oct. 14, 2016) (setting out examples).





n170.  See, e.g., Environmental Market Opportunities: Green Bonds and Impact
Investing, Goldman Sachs,
www.goldmansachs.com/citizenship/environmental-stewardship/market-opportunities/
green-bonds-impact-investing/ (last visited Oct. 14, 2016); Sarah Kearney et
al., Impact Investing in the Energy Sector, Prime Coalition 5 (Oct. 2014),
primecoalition.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Impact_Investing_in_the_Energy-Sec
tor.pdf (noting that energy-related impact investments within low-income
communities have largely focused on efficiency improvements, but arguing for
broader consideration of other energy-related solutions).





n171.  See generally Caperton & Hernandez, supra note 115.





n172.  Supra Section II.B.2.c.





n173.  Shannon Terrell-Ernest, Let There Be Light (and Heat, and
Telecommunications): A Closer Look at the 1st Rochdale Cooperative, Cooperator
N.Y. (Oct. 2001),
http://cooperator.com/article/let-there-be-light-and-heat-and-telecommunica/full
#cut.





n174.  Edward Yaker et al., The Cooperative Alternative Case Study: The First
Electric Coop., 5 Deregulation of the Util. Indus. & Role Energy Servs. Cos.
(ESCOs) 381, 381 (2000),
aceee.org/files/proceedings/2000/data/papers/SS00_Panel5_Paper32.pdf.





n175.  Id. at 384.





n176.  What's New: Beyond The Grid Completes NY Prize Stage-One Feasibility
Study, Two Bridges Neighborhood Council,
twobridges.org/blog/what-s-new/226-beyond-the-grid-feasibility (last visited
Sept. 10, 2016).





n177.  Two Bridges Neighborhood Council, Why a Smartgrid in Manhattan's East
Village? Presentation to NY Prize, at 7 (May 4, 2016),
https://www.scribd.com/doc/311441932/NY-Prize-Presented-May-4-2016.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Aside from funding issues, other questions are raised by the prospect of
urban electric cooperatives that are beyond the scope of this brief introduction
here, such as whether they might conflict with a state's particular utility
franchise laws.





n180.  Our Customers, Tenn. Valley Auth.,
https://www.tva.com/Energy/Our-Customers (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n181.  Bonneville Power Admin, Path to Success: 2015 Annual Report 62 (Nov.
2015),
https://www.bpa.gov/Finance/FinancialInformation/AnnualReports/Documents/AR2015.
pdf ("BPA is the power marketing administration that purchases, transmits, and
markets power for the FCRPS [Federal Columbia River Power System]").





n182.  Id. (noting that BPA covers its costs by selling its products and
services); Our History, Tenn. Valley Auth.,
https://www.tva.com/About-TVA/Our-History (last visited Sept. 10, 2016) (noting
that legislation in 1959 paved the way for self-financing through selling
electricity services); but see Joel Yudken, If It Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It!,
402 Econ. Pol'y Inst. 3 (June 4, 2015),
www.epi.org/publication/potential-impacts-of-privatizing-the-tennessee-valley-au
thority/ (noting that TVA stopped having to rely on tax-payer funds as recently
as 1999).





n183.  See, e.g., U.S. Gen. Acct. Off., GAO-01-373, Federal Power: The Evolution
of Preference in Marketing Federal Power 12-15 (Feb. 2001),
www.gao.gov/assets/240/231087.pdf (setting out all the federal statutes that
relate to energy resource development and have power preference provisions). In
addition, both TVA and BPA advance other important objectives like environmental
stewardship, energy conservation, and regional jobs-creation.





n184.  Niagara Redevelopment Act (1957), 16 U.S.C. § 836 (2012). For other
examples of federal preference power requirements from energy resource
development projects see U.S. Gen. Account. Off, supra note 183, at 12-15.





n185.  Kevin R. Kosar, Cong. Research Serv., RL30365, Federal Government
Corporations: An Overview 12 (2011), https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/RL30365.pdf;
see also Brief History of Consolidated Rail Corporation, Conrail,
www.conrail.com/history/ (last visited Sept. 10, 2016) [hereinafter Conrail
History].





n186.  Staggers Rail Act of 1980, Pub. L. No. 96-448, 94 Stat. 1895 (codified as
amended at 49 U.S.C. § 10101).





n187.  Conrail History, supra note 185.





n188.  Id.





n189.  Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C. § 824(b)(1) (2012) (preserving state
authority over "facilities used for the generation of electric energy,"
"facilities used in local distribution," facilities for the "transmission of
electric energy in intrastate commerce," and "facilities for the transmission of
electric energy consumed wholly by the transmitter").





n190.  Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-617, 92
Stat. 3117 (codified as amended at 16 U.S.C. § 2601). PURPA's constitutional
basis is found in 16 U.S.C. § 2601 ("The Congress finds that the protection of
the public health, safety, and welfare, the preservation of national security,
and the proper exercise of congressional authority under the Constitution to
regulate interstate commerce require."). This constitutional basis was upheld by
the Supreme Court under a rational basis framework. FERC v. Mississippi, 456
U.S. 742, 755-56 (1982) ("The Court heretofore has indicated that federal
regulation of intrastate power transmission may be proper because of the
interstate nature of the generation and supply of electric power. FPC v. Florida
Power & Light Co., 404 U.S. 453 (1972). Our inquiry, then, is whether the
congressional findings have a rational basis. [citations omitted] The
legislative history provides a simple answer: there is ample support for
Congress' conclusions.").





n191.  16 U.S.C. § 824(b)(1).





n192.  Such an arrangement would be conceptually similar to how publicly-owned
entities are "preference power" customers of TVA, Bonneville, and Niagara.





n193.  See, e.g., ConEdison, Help for Those In Need (Dec. 2014),
www.coned.com/customercentral/brochures/Help_For_Those_In_Need(Eng)_SCREEN.pdf;
Give to HeartShare, HeartShare, https://www.heartshare.org/take-action/donate/
(last visited Oct. 14, 2016) (noting how National Grid customers can donate to
help low-income customers in New York state).





n194.  See, e.g., Gift of Energy, PEPCO,
https://www.pepco.com/forms/pepco/other/giftofenergy.aspx (last visited Oct. 14,
2016); Project SHARE, Ga. Power,
https://customerservice.southerncompany.com/ProjectShare/ProjectShare.aspx?mnuOp
co=gpc&mnuType=res (last visited Oct. 14, 2016).





n195.  ConEdison, supra note 193.





n196.  Energy Assistance Fund - What is it?, S. Cal. Edison,
https://www.sce.com/wps/portal/home/residential/assistance/energy-assistance-fun
d (last visited Sept. 10, 2016).





n197.  See, e.g., ConEdison, supra note 193; Give to HeartShare, supra note 193.





n198.  Daniel Moore, Plugging in to Charity: Energy Utilities See Unique
Business Case for Philanthropy, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (July 28, 2015),
powersource.post-gazette.com/powersource/companies/2015/07/28/Energy-utilities-c
haritable-giving-unique-business-case/stories/201507280002.





n199.  Monte De Ramos, supra note 9, at 349.





n200.  Id. at 347-50.





n201.  See, e.g., Nora Caley, Drop a SREC Into the Collection Plate, Solar
Indus. (Dec. 5, 2013),
solarindustrymag.com/drop-a-srec-into-the-collection-plate (noting a program in
Massachusetts).





n202.  NYPSC Low-Income Order, supra note 50, at 30 ("this Order establishes
that low income programs will be funded in utility rates on a continuing
basis.").





n203.  RAP Guide, supra note 35, at 5; Id. at 14 fig. ES-1 (illustrating that
the flat rate design is the typical default across all customer classes).





n204.  See, e.g. e21 Initiative, supra note 54, at 8-11; REV Track One Order,
supra note 54, at 120 (noting that the metrics to evaluate REV will be similar
to those used for utility PBR - an issue that will be largely addressed in later
REV proceedings).





n205.  See, e.g., Reg. Assistance Project, Performance-Based Regulation for
Distribution Companies 11 (Dec. 2000),
http://www.raponline.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/rap-performancebasedregulati
onfordistributionutilities-2000-12.pdf.





n206.  Staff White Paper on Ratemaking and Utility Business Models, In re
Reforming the Energy Vision, No. 14-M-0101, at 51 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Jul.
28, 2015) [hereinafter REV Staff Paper on Business Models].





n207.  Id.





n208.  e21Initiative, supra note 54, at 9.





n209.  Id. at 8.





n210.  Minn. Pub. Util. Comm'n, supra note 99, at 33-34.





n211.  REV Track One Order, supra note 54, at 130; REV Staff Paper on Business
Models, supra note 206, at 51.





n212.  REV Staff Paper on Business Models, supra note 206, at 51-63.





n213.  Id. at 57-58. Eventually, as retail markets mature and additional service
and revenue-generating opportunities become available, EIMs will be phased out
in favor of Market-Based Earnings (MBEs), which utilities and other market
participants will compete for. Id. at 63.





n214.  Id. at 57-58.





n215.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 72 ("The challenge in PBR is to set
the objectives for the utility to be achievable but challenging, and to set the
rewards to be ample but not excessive.").





n216.  REV Staff Paper on Business Models, supra note 206, at 59; see also AARP
Comments on Staff Track 2 Whitepaper, In re Reforming the Energy Vision, No.
14-M-0101, at 6 (N.Y. Pub. Serv. Comm'n Oct. 26, 2015) (voicing strong concerns
about the Staff's proposed EIM "affordability" metric).





n217.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 44; see generally Ahmad Faruqui et
al., Reg. Assistance Project, Time-Varying and Dynamic Rate Design (July 2012),
www.raponline.org/document/download/id/5131; Ahmad Faruqui, et al., Smart by
Default, Pub. Util. Fortnightly (Aug. 2014),
mag.fortnightly.com/article/Smart_by_Default/1778777/220143/article.html
[hereinafter Smart by Default]; Karier, supra note 107, at 18 (advocating for
better aligning rates and customer costs based on location and time. "Customers
can't avoid costly power if they don't know when it occurs.").





n218.  Smart by Default, supra note 217; Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 44.





n219.  Smart by Default, supra note 217; Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 27.
Those pilot programs mostly used the TOU or CPP structures, which vary prices
depending on, respectively, the time of day and annual critical peak periods.
Smart by Default, supra note 217.





n220.  AARP et al., The Need for Essential Consumer Protections: Smart Metering
Proposals and the Move to Time-Based Pricing (2010),
https://www.nclc.org/images/pdf/energy_utility_telecom/additional_resources/adv_
meter_protection_report.pdf.





n221.  Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 8.





n222.  Id. at 25, 29 ("empirical evaluation has indicated that most low-income
customers would immediately save money on their electricity bills from
time-varying rates"); but see CPUC Tier-Flattening order, supra note 107, at 76
(finding that "low-income and moderate-income ratepayers are not universally low
or high users of energy.").





n223.  Faruqui et al., supra note 217, at 25, 42; see also AARP et al., supra
note 220, at 15 ("Not all customers must participate in dynamic pricing programs
to get system wide benefits.").





n224.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 11, 23-24 (discussing core rate
design principles and setting out three principles through which regulators can
modernize the rate structure and accommodate the changes taking place in the
electricity system); see also Bonbright et al., supra note 40, at 48-62 (setting
out the four primary functions of public utility rates: (1) the
producer-motivation or capital-attraction function; (2) the efficiency-incentive
function; (3) the demand-control or consumer-rationing function; and (4) the
compensatory income-transfer function).





n225.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 51, at 9.





n226.  Id. at 9, 19.





n227.  Id. at 40; Elec. Innovation, Lab, Rocky Mountain Inst., New Business
Models for the Distribution Edge: The Transition from Value Chain to Value
Constellation 10 (Apr. 2013), http://www.rmi.org/New_Business_Models.





n228.  See, e.g., Stephen Bird & Diana Hernandez, Policy Options for the Split
Incentive: Increasing Energy Efficiency for Low-Income Renters, 48 Energy Pol'y
506, 508 (2012).





n229.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 73; Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3.





n230.  Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3, at 5 (comments of John Howat of the
National Consumer Law Council).





n231.  Lazar & Gonzalez, supra note 54, at 73.





n232.  See generally Id.; Regulatory Assistance Project, Revenue Regulation and
Decoupling: A guide to Theory and Application (June 2011),
http://www.raponline.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/rap-revenueregulationanddeco
upling-2011-06.pdf.





n233.  Cavanagh & Howat, supra note 3, at 5-6. This last policy - of applying a
decoupling surcharge to higher-usage blocks and distributing it to lower blocks
- is sometimes referred to as the "Tucson Model" after program implemented by
Tucson Electric. Id.


                                2 of 5 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2015 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                  Spring, 2015

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        25 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 339

LENGTH: 23267 words

SYMPOSIUM: CARROTS AND STICKS: MOVING THE U.S. NATIONAL FOOD SYSTEM TOWARD A
SUSTAINABLE FUTURE: ARTICLE: (M)EAT LOCAL(R)*: MARKET AND DISTRIBUTION
CHALLENGES IN THE LOCAL MEAT SYSTEM

* (M)eat Local is a trademark of Firsthand Foods, LLC, used here with
permission.

NAME: Michelle Nowlin+, Emily Spiegel++ and Graham McHenry+++

BIO: + Supervising Attorney, Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic; Senior
Lecturing Fellow, Duke University School of Law.

++ Law Fellow, Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic.

+++ MEM Candidate, Duke University Nicholas School of the Environment.

TEXT:
 [*340]

   I. Introduction

   The average American consumes approximately 200 pounds of poultry and
livestock per year. n1 Most of this meat is produced by industrial-scale poultry
and livestock operations, n2 presenting significant implications for public
health n3 and the quality of the nation's natural resources. n4

   As awareness about the myriad problems associated with industrialized
livestock production has increased, consumers are driving change in the meat
market, increasingly looking for meats produced in accordance with their values
- meat from humanely treated animals raised outdoors, without the routine use of
antibiotics and synthetic hormones, by fairly compensated farmers and workers
[*341]  from their own communities. n5 These increases are being seen despite
the fact that "pound for pound, head for head, local and niche meats cost more
... ." n6 This willingness to pay more at the cash register perhaps reflects an
understanding that meat (and produce) is not cheap: consumer pricing is simply a
matter of how the costs are distributed and of who bears them along the way from
farm to plate.

   In fact, demand is so high that many farmers and processors find it difficult
to keep up. n7 Some farmers report a shortage of slaughtering and processing
space; as the livestock industry has consolidated, there are fewer small-scale
slaughterhouses overall, and many of the remaining slaughterhouses will not take
small lots of animals. n8 Yet some slaughterhouses, as discussed later in this
article, report a lack of animals or inconsistent throughput. n9 Identifying,
addressing and responding to the barriers that create this disparity will be
essential for this segment of the market to continue to grow and develop from a
"niche" into a more widely available market alternative.

   This article explores many of these barriers by reporting the results of a
series of anonymous interviews conducted with individuals involved throughout
the production process. It builds on work the Duke Environmental Law and Policy
Clinic n10 has  [*342]  undertaken for the National Young Farmers Coalition n11
(NYFC) to identify bottlenecks and help farmers and processors meet growing
consumer demand. The issues identified are of critical importance to beginning
and small farmers alike. Farming is a risky business; n12 fewer than half of
beginning farmers report positive sales, n13 which underscores the importance of
ensuring market opportunities for small growers. This article provides a brief
overview of production trends in the livestock industry in Part II, and then
offers the perspectives of various stakeholders in the growing alternative
market in Part III. Part IV provides recommendations for policy and regulatory
reforms that are needed to better serve small farmers and processors and meet
consumer demands for sustainable sources of meat.

   II.

 The Livestock Industry: At a Glance

   A.

 Historic and Recent Trends

 So sweeping are the changes in the livestock industry over the past several
decades that images of small farms, recollections of hogs getting loose among
the squash, and talk of butcher shops are now quaint and unfamiliar, no longer
consistent with the realities of the nation's livestock industry. But it is
important to remember that livestock were not always raised in massive feedlots
and slaughtered in factories. n14 These structural changes have taken place
rapidly - transforming communities as well as our relationship to the meat we
eat - and were made possible by stark changes in federal farm policies.

   In 1971, Earl Butz became the Secretary of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) and ushered in a new era of  [*343]  agricultural policy that
emphasized the production of commodity crops, advising farmers to "get big or
get out." n15 This directive and the associated shift in federal funding
priorities for agricultural production resulted in an abundance of cheap grain,
fueling changes in food and animal production methods. n16 The quantity of
industrial-scale feedlots, in which large numbers of animals are brought into
enclosed areas for feeding and watering, exploded, and "an increasingly
consolidated meat industry learned to transform cheap grain into cheap - but
highly profitable - burgers, chops, and chicken nuggets." n17 Such operations
are commonly referred to as "concentrated animal feeding operations" (CAFOs), a
legal term found in the federal Clean Water Act that denotes confinement-based
livestock operations required to obtain water pollution control permits. n18

   Since that time, the number of farms raising cattle and swine has been in
steady decline, although the number of animals produced has continued to rise.
n19 The trend continues: between 1997 and 2007, the total number of cattle and
hog operations declined by 14% and 33%, respectively. n20 The result is a system
of operations that concentrates  [*344]  thousands of animals in small, confined
spaces, and replaces land and labor with automated feeding, temperature control,
and manure management. n21 By concentrating animals, reducing the land available
to assimilate their manure, and reducing the labor required to raise them,
industrial-scale operations can produce livestock at a much lower cost to the
farmer. n22

   Equally dramatic trends are seen in the slaughtering and processing side of
the livestock business. n23 The number of slaughterhouses across the country
began to decline in the 1980s, a trend that has continued through the present
time. n24 Meanwhile, the size of slaughterhouses increased, and most meat is
currently processed in facilities designed to slaughter millions of animals each
year. n25 Slaughterhouses are now high volume operations that process animals at
extraordinary speeds. Charts set forth in federal regulations indicate that
processing rates can reach 390 steers or 1106 market hogs in just one hour; n26
the rate for poultry operations can  [*345]  reach 25 broilers per minute, or
1500 per hour, per inspector. n27 With multiple slaughter lines operating
simultaneously, poultry slaughterhouses can now process up to almost 12,000
poultry per inspector per day. n28

   Other structural changes accompanied the expansion in the size of farms and
slaughterhouses. Processing operations have merged to become dominant market
players. In the United States, meat production is now controlled in large part
by just a handful of companies. The top four beef processors control 83% of
their market, the top four pork processors control 66%, and the top four broiler
chicken producers and processors control 58%. n29

   Moreover, the various market players are increasingly consolidated vertically
along the supply chain, "from the corn to the bacon." n30 For example, Cargill
is one of the nation's largest processors of soybean and corn - primary
ingredients in livestock feed - and is the nation's second largest feed mill
operator. n31 It is also the nation's third largest producer and second largest
packer of beef, the fourth largest packer of pork products, and the third
largest producer of turkeys. n32 The company markets its meat products under
more than twenty-four brand labels. Such market dominance allows this one
company to better weather market shifts and fluctuating grain markets than
smaller, independent market players.

   Although each livestock sector varies in structure, most livestock are now
owned by large corporations that contract with farmers to "grow out" the
animals. n33 The corporation owns the breedstock and supplies the animals to the
farmer, who specializes in a single stage of  [*346]  production in the animals'
life. n34 The company supplies the feed and any drugs needed in the production
process, provides veterinary services, and may even design the buildings and
waste management systems that the grower must use. n35 The corporation may also
own the feed mills, the slaughterhouses, the processing plants and the brand
labels, as well as the trucks that transport the animals and the finished
products through the supply chain. n36 This is all done under contract with the
farmer-grower, who is paid on a per-head basis at the slaughterhouse for a
pre-arranged price. n37 In short, farmers are "paid for the services that they
provide, and not for the products that they sell." n38

   The vertical integration of the livestock industry helps keep commercial meat
prices low at the cash register. One way in which this level of vertical
integration confers market advantage is by capitalizing on federal policies that
subsidize and support the production of commodity grains like corn and soybeans.
n39 Federal feed subsidies to large companies amounted to a $ 35 billion boost
over an eight-year period between 1997 and 2005, providing those companies with
the "equivalent [of] a 5-15% reduction in overall operating costs." n40
Economies of scale are created in other ways as well, such as innovations in
slaughter plant technology and changes in labor relations that have resulted in
wage reductions. n41

   Federal farm policies, in addition to efficiency gains from economies of
scale, create cost advantages for industrial livestock operations. n42 The
advantages come "at the expense of smaller scale, diversified, locally-owned
crop and livestock farms," n43 making it  [*347]  increasingly difficult for
small farmers and processors to compete. n44

   Nevertheless, the trend is changing, and that change is gaining momentum. n45
Demand for locally-raised meats and poultry produced in sustainable and
transparent ways is increasing, providing a sharp contrast to a general decline
in the per capita consumption of meats. n46 Part of that increase is
attributable to a dramatic increase in the numbers of farmers' markets around
the country, which provide more convenient opportunities for consumers to
purchase meat directly from farmers. n47 Yet the number of small-scale slaughter
facilities continues to decline. n48 It is against this backdrop that groups
like NYFC seek solutions to the forces that limit supplies in the face of rising
consumer demand.

   B.

 What Is Local Meat?

 Despite increased demand, general consensus on what constitutes
"locally-produced" meat remains elusive. n49 There is no standard definition of
this concept, nor is there agreement on the appropriate geographic range between
production and consumption. For example, could meat processed and marketed by a
global corporation nonetheless be considered "local" when the products are sold
in the community in which the processing facility is located? The USDA defines
"local" to mean food produced within 400 miles or within the state of the point
of purchase. n50 Many farmers' markets  [*348]  employ more restrictive metrics,
ranging from 60 miles to 150 miles from the market, and require that vendors
actually produce the farm products they sell. n51 While such debates are beyond
the scope of this article, they are nonetheless important for understanding the
forces that drive demand and the challenges for those striving to meet it.

   Proponents of local foods tend to be motivated by societal goals and values
they believe are undermined by the industrial food system. n52 Accountability,
transparency and food safety are key motivators, and many firmly believe the
meat tastes better. n53 But deeper forces are also at work. Concerns about
animal welfare and environmental impacts are paramount for meat products. n54
Additional drivers include the authenticity of one's relationship to food and
the desire to contribute to economic opportunities and growth in one's own
community. n55

   With livestock, as with other agricultural products, the production model
employed can determine whether the requirements of local food consumers are met.
n56 For example, was the animal raised on pasture, or was it raised in a
confinement operation? It is  [*349]  widely thought that animals are happier
when raised outdoors, on pasture, and able to express instinctive behaviors. n57
Farmers interviewed for this article considered rooting, wallowing, and nesting
behaviors for pigs, and roosting and scratching for chickens, to be good indices
of the animals' welfare.

   Production models have implications for human health, as well. Studies show
that pasture-raised meat products are more nutritious, providing more vitamin E
and omega-3 fatty acids. n58 The production model also influences antibiotics
usage. Studies show that routine antibiotic usage - to promote animal growth and
suppress the higher incidence of disease in animals raised in confinement -
leads to an increase in antibiotic-resistant bacteria and undermines the
effectiveness of antibiotics in treating human ailments. n59

   Environmental concerns, such as impacts to water and air quality and
contributions to greenhouse gas emissions, are also influenced by the production
model and associated waste management practices. n60 Well-run, pasture-based
livestock operations maintain significantly lower stocking densities, n61 and
farms with a diverse mix of crops and  [*350]  animals make more effective use
of manure-based nutrients. n62 Locally-produced meats may also have a smaller
transportation footprint. n63 Finally, many land trusts promote local farms to:



   Protect open space and provide opportunities for wildlife to flourish. If
farmers thrive, they will not sell their land to developers, and well-managed
farms can have many different environmental benefits, including riparian
buffers, space for a variety of pollinators, as well as habitat ... . n64

 Given this complex set of considerations driving consumer demand for their
products, it is understandable that many local livestock producers seek to do
business with slaughterhouses and processors that can ensure product
traceability and have the equipment needed for desired packaging. n65 They also
often seek third-party certifications, such as Animal-Welfare Approved n66 or
Organic, n67 and so must find slaughtering facilities that comply with  [*351]
those standards. n68 These demands, combined with the other challenges described
below, limit access to sufficient slaughter and processing capacity.

   C.

 Regulatory Considerations

 After Upton Sinclair published The Jungle in 1906, exposing unsanitary and
disturbing conditions in the meatpacking industry, Congress responded by passing
the Federal Meat Inspection Act of 1906 (FMIA). n69 FMIA requires pre- slaughter
and postmortem inspection of every "amenable" n70 animal slaughtered for human
consumption and empowers USDA to enforce sanitary requirements in meatpacking
plants. n71

   The FMIA did not apply to poultry products, which were not in high commercial
demand at the time. n72 During World War II, USDA began inspecting
establishments selling poultry to the U.S. military to ensure sanitation
standards for troop health. n73 In 1957, Congress passed the Poultry Products
Inspection Act (PPIA), n74 requiring continuous inspection of poultry products
(before slaughter, after slaughter, and before processing) that enter interstate
commerce. n75

    [*352]  To sell meat and poultry products in the United States - regardless
of whether the sale is from a grocery store, a farmers' market, or a farm stand
- the meat must have been slaughtered and processed at a facility inspected by
the USDA or equivalent state agency. n76

   Both the FMIA and the PPIA are implemented by USDA's Food Safety and
Inspection Service (FSIS). n77 FSIS has considerable powers in regulating the
safety of meat and poultry products. n78 An FSIS inspector (or state equivalent)
must inspect every animal slaughtered and processed before and after slaughter
to ensure the safety and quality of the meat. n79 No meat for human consumption
may enter commerce without its stamp of "Inspected and passed." n80 If
conditions warrant, FSIS has the authority to withdraw inspection, preventing
the facility from operating. n81 It may condemn meat and order its destruction.
n82 It also has the authority to approve the use of any product label, which
must include the product's standard of identity, quantity, safe handling
instructions, list of any added ingredients (such as salt or spices), and the
facility's number, name, and address. n83

   Regulatory exemptions exist for meat that does not enter commerce. n84 Such
meats may be processed at a "custom-exempt" facility or on-farm. n85 To fall
under this exemption, however, the meat must be processed exclusively for the
personal use of the animal's owner or the owner's family and nonpaying guests,
and may not be sold commercially. n86 Similar restrictions exist for poultry,
although the PPIA also exempts the on-farm slaughter and processing of up to
20,000 birds per year from inspection requirements and prohibitions on
commercial sale. n87

   Nationally, a processing facility has the choice to operate under one of five
categories: Federally Inspected, State Inspected,  [*353]  Talmadge-Aiken,
Custom-Exempt, and Cooperative Interstate Shipment. n88 Each facility type has
some advantages and disadvantages associated with it. Not all options are
available in every state; however, where available, a processor may choose the
option that best fits his or her business model.

   1.

 Federally Inspected Facilities

 Federally Inspected (FI) facilities are directly regulated by FSIS under the
FMIA. n89 These facilities are typically medium and large processing plants
approved for the slaughter and processing of meat for intra- and interstate
sales. n90 FI facilities must operate under strict safety guidelines and
regulations, including HACCP regulations. n91 A federal safety inspector must be
onsite at all times during the slaughtering and processing of all animals and
may require facilities to submit extensive safety and compliance reports. n92 FI
facilities process the vast majority of meat slaughtered in the United States.
n93 Meat slaughtered at FI facilities may be sold commercially to individuals at
farmers' markets, or packaged as retail cuts to restaurants, retailers, and food
services. n94 This type of inspection is beneficial for processors because the
meat can be sold in interstate and foreign commerce. One interviewed processor
felt that a disadvantage to operating an FI facility was the inflexibility of
federal inspectors and the required paperwork related to multiple levels of
[*354]  federal bureaucracy.

   2.

 State Inspected Facilities

 State Inspected (SI) facilities must comply with the same regulations as FI
facilities or with state regulations "at least equal to" federal regulations.
n95 State health officials, rather than federal inspectors, inspect and monitor
SI facilities. n96 The SI system may allow states to be more innovative and
involved in the meat processing industry - however, that involvement comes at a
cost.

   For farmers, the main downside of the SI system is that meat processed at a
SI slaughterhouse is restricted to intrastate sales, which limits the market
outlets farmers may access. n97 Additionally, only twenty-seven states across
the country retain state-level red meat inspection programs. n98 Although states
are reimbursed for fifty percent of their operating inspections costs by the
federal government, many states still find the cost of implementation to be
prohibitive. n99 Many states have neither the extra revenue nor the will to pay
for state regulation of the meat industry when the federal government is willing
to take on those costs through the FI program. n100

   In recent years however, a shift in thinking appears to have fueled a
movement in the industry to promote expanding SI facilities in the hope that
they will improve slaughterhouse access for small farmers. n101 Small processors
interviewed in North Carolina maintained that SI inspectors are more willing to
work with them to help them understand the regulations in place and to maintain
compliance. They also asserted that SI inspectors are more responsive to
questions than federal regulators, and are able to provide more personalized
guidance. n102 As a result, these processors prefer to work with state
regulators rather than with the federal  [*355]  government.

   3.

 Talmadge-Aiken Facilities

 Talmadge-Aiken (TA) plants are slaughter facilities inspected by state
employees acting as agents for USDA's FSIS. n103 When it is beneficial for the
regional interstate economy, FSIS may enter into an agreement with a state
agency to have state employees conduct meat inspections or other regulatory
activities on behalf of FSIS, in effect delegating regulatory authority to the
state. n104 Meat produced from a TA plant, therefore, may be sold in interstate
commerce because the production is officially overseen by the federal
government. n105 However, only nine states have active TA facilities, and these
facilities process a very small percentage of the national meat product. n106

   North Carolina is one of the nine states that engage in TA agreements with
USDA. n107 Interviewees reported that North Carolina typically enters into an
agreement with USDA for TA inspection when former SI facilities wish to change
their inspection classification to engage in interstate commerce. If USDA does
not have a readily available federal inspector in the area of the facility, USDA
sometimes delegates inspection duties to the state inspectors already present in
the area. A TA designation is beneficial to the processor: the facility can
process meat for interstate commerce while remaining under the inspection of
potentially more responsive state regulators.

   4.

 Custom Exempt Facilities

 Custom Exempt (CE) slaughterhouses are exempt from FSIS inspection under the
FMIA. n108 The FMIA exempts from inspection animals that will be slaughtered and
processed for the use of the  [*356]  owner of the animal, his or her family,
and nonpaying guests. n109 CE facilities are primarily used by hunters to dress
elk, deer, and other game meat. n110

   Livestock producers may also use this exemption when they have sold a portion
of an animal to a direct purchaser prior to the animal's slaughter. The
butchered meat is then typically used as "freezer meat" for the new owner. n111
If the entire animal is sold by the farmer to a private individual prior to
processing, then the new owner can have the entire animal processed and the new
owner will pay the processing fee. This type of processing can decrease
marketing costs for farmers by decreasing the number of individual products the
farmer must sell.

   While CE facilities are exempt from most FMIA inspection regulations and do
not need state or federal inspectors overseeing slaughter, CE facilities must
comply with some FMIA regulations and health and safety rules. n112 For example,
federal and state health and safety inspectors must inspect the slaughter and
processing site. However, this is done infrequently - generally on a yearly
basis. n113 Some of the other regulatory requirements facing CE facilities
include humane slaughter, recordkeeping, and sanitation requirements. n114
Overall, CE facilities are fairly common around the country, but they are
unlikely ever to be large players in the household meat industry because CE
output cannot enter commerce. n115 Small-scale processors who operate slaughter
and processing facilities for a living will probably not find CE classification
appealing. While they would be able to slaughter and process without inspectors
on site, it is unlikely that they would be able to maintain sufficient
throughput to remain viable.

   5.

 The Cooperative Interstate Shipment Program

 The fifth and final slaughter facility option available to  [*357]  processors
is the Cooperative Interstate Shipment (CIS) program. n116 This program allows
interstate sales from SI plants with fewer than twenty-five employees. n117 The
program is open to all twenty-seven states that have their own Meat and Poultry
Inspection (MPI) programs. n118 Once the state is registered with the program, a
slaughter plant can then apply to become a CIS facility. n119 Once registered,
the facility is able to keep its state inspectors and is granted a new federal
seal, allowing it to engage in interstate commerce. n120

   Currently only four states have registered for the program, n121 and of those
four, only two states have active facilities participating in the program
(twelve facilities between the two). n122 This program may be a viable option
for very small processing facilities to engage in interstate commerce, but it
has yet to see significant use across the country.

   III.

 Challenges in the Local Meat Distribution Chain: Stakeholder Perspectives The
local meat system involves many interdependent players, from the farmer to the
processor to the distributer. Each group has a different perspective on the
challenges of the local meat supply chain. Farmers have difficulty finding
adequate local processing capacity  [*358]  and value added services. n123
Processors struggle to maintain steady and adequate throughput and to find
quality skilled labor. n124 Major local meat buyers, such as wholesale
purchasers, desire a consistent local meat supply and a market for all parts of
the animal. n125

   While each of these players faces unique concerns, measures to improve the
local meat system must incorporate all of their perspectives. To better
understand these concerns, the Clinic interviewed participants along the supply
chain, including farmers, processors, restaurateurs, institutional buyers,
retail outlets, and market aggregators. These interviews provided valuable
insights into the complexities of meat production and distribution.

   A.

 Farmers n126

 Farmers working in the local meat system face several difficulties in getting
their meat to market. Transportation costs associated with traveling to
slaughter and processing facilities rise with increasing distance from the farm.
n127 Farmers are also concerned with the impact of processing on the final meat
products they are able to offer, since processor practices will affect the
farmers' ability to maintain traceability to their farm or to offer certain
types of value-added processing and packaging to consumers. n128

   As small farmers seek ways to meet growing consumer demand for locally-raised
meats, research is needed to identify the bottlenecks and obstacles that prevent
- or discourage - them from meeting this demand.

   1.

 Time and Distance to Processor

 One major complaint shared by many of the farmers surveyed for this article is
the distance they must travel to processing facilities. Nationwide, it is not
uncommon for small farmers to drive many  [*359]  hours to reach a slaughter and
processing facility. n129 In central North Carolina, farmers report having to
drive six hours roundtrip to a pork slaughtering facility and six hours in
another direction for poultry processing. n130 Long trips like these increase
fuel expenditures and add to the opportunity cost of lost on-farm management and
marketing time. Additionally, long trips may stress the animals, resulting in
tougher, less valuable meat. n131

   Distance-to-slaughter challenges are compounded in diversified farming
systems. In the industrial agriculture model, both growers and processors
specialize. Growers typically raise only one animal species, and large plants
slaughter only one animal type; they even prefer uniformity in size to reduce
equipment recalibrations and maximize line speed. n132 However, small, local
farmers may raise several types of animals to take to slaughter. Each additional
animal species may increase the transportation costs for the farmer, either
because they are not accepted at the same processing facilities on the same
days, or because different animals are ready for slaughter at different times of
the year (e.g., autumn for pasture-raised beef and spring for lamb).

   The structure of the local meat industry also increases the transportation
burden on local farmers. The key distinction here is that growers in the
industrial system sell livestock, whereas farmers in the local food system sell
meat. When a hog leaves a farm for slaughter in the industrial system, the
grower is generally paid for the live animal and never sees it again. In local
food systems, the farmer typically owns the animal up to, during, and after
slaughter. In this system, the farmer is not paid until the meat is sold
(although a contract to buy the meat may be in place early in the animal's
life). Slaughter at small, independent processing facilities is typically
provided on a fee-for-service basis. n133 This model requires farmers to make
two trips to the processing facility - one to drop off their  [*360]  animals
and one to pick up the meat to sell. Thus, their transportation time and costs
are doubled.

   Even if a farmer brings a small batch of animals to be slaughtered right
away, the meat will not be ready to pick up that day. In addition to
slaughtering, dressing, and cutting time, the meat must also stay in the
facility long enough to be chilled or to undergo further processing. Meat must
cool after slaughter before it can be taken offsite. n134 But if the carcass is
cooled too fast it cold shortens the meat, toughening it through muscle
contraction. n135 To enhance flavor, beef typically "hangs" or dry ages as a
whole carcass for at least a week before being divided into cuts of meat. n136
Even with prompt and quick service at the slaughterhouse, farmers must make
multiple trips to the processing facility because of food safety regulations,
quality considerations, and the fee-for-service structure.

   Fee-for-service slaughter can introduce scheduling challenges for farmers,
which may exacerbate their transportation problems. Processors may schedule
appointments for slaughter six weeks or more in advance, especially in times of
high slaughter demand. n137 Farmers, on the other hand, may have little control
over their slaughter schedule. Consequently, they may have to weigh the
financial loss of taking a time slot when their animals are not at optimal
weight against the added time and expense of traveling to a more distant
processor who has availability. Whereas some experts note that small-scale
farmers have difficulty getting processing space because they cannot meet
processors' minimum lot requirements, n138 original research for this article
did not reveal similar concerns among  [*361]  contacted farmers in North
Carolina. In fact, none of the contacted processors reported having a minimum
lot requirement. A North Carolina aggregator even noted that a farmer of any
size can access quality service from processors if he or she is a consistent
customer. n139

   Scheduling slaughter may also be a challenge because many small-scale farmers
have full-time, off-farm jobs and would like to schedule slaughter for the
evenings. Processors may have little flexibility to offer extended slaughter
hours because they must pay overtime for USDA inspectors. n140 Some processors
have been able to provide assistance by allowing farmers to drop off their
animals at night, and then holding them at the processing facility until
slaughter resumes in the morning.

   2.

 Traceability

 Traceability is a second area with significant implications for farmers in the
local meat sector. Local farmers typically cannot compete with industrial
agriculture on price, so they target high-value niche markets where their animal
husbandry practices can garner a premium. To receive that premium on their
product, farmers must be sure they are getting their own meat back from the
processor.

   Some of the interviewed farmers report traceability concerns with their past
or present processing facilities. They have been alerted to potential problems
when they received the wrong number of animals from the slaughter facility, or
the wrong number of animal parts packaged separately (e.g., 100 poultry
carcasses, but only 97 livers). This may indicate merely a communication problem
between farmers and processors, n141 or it may point to deeper problems with
traceability within the processing facility. Regardless, such experiences make
farmers concerned that their animals are being commingled and cause them to lose
confidence in the production process. They worry that the products they receive
from their processors may not adhere to the quality and origin claims made on
their labels.

[*362]

   3.

 Value-Added Processing and Packaging

 A third significant concern for farmers is consumer demand for particular
packaging and value-added processing. Not all processors offer the same cut,
wrap, or packaging services. n142 Some farms in North Carolina bypass their
closest processing facilities to find ones that offer higher-quality packaging.
According to one farmer, the closest processor offers only cuts wrapped in
freezer paper; because the farm's customers prefer vacuum sealed packaging, the
farmer drives an extra hour and a half each way to a facility that offers it.

   Value-added processing may increase revenues for farmers. Hams, hotdogs,
sausages, and salamis can be sold at a premium. n143 However, federal law
prohibits farmers from further processing meats to be sold as food in commerce
once they are picked up from the processing facility. n144 Consequently, farmers
interested in providing value-added products to their customers must find a
processor that offers curing, smoking, or sausage-making services. Yet few small
processing facilities offer a full range of value-added services, often because
of lack of expertise or the high capital costs of purchasing value-added
equipment. n145 One farmer who wants to sell hot dogs and cured meats reported
driving the cut meat an additional 100 miles to reach a second processor who
provides curing and other value added services.

   B.

 Processors n146

 As the slaughter and processing industry has become more consolidated and
vertically integrated, many small operations have been replaced by large,
regional facilities structured to serve the  [*363]  industrial-scale model.
n147 Even so, a number of small facilities remain active in the industry. n148
These businesses cater to the needs of small farmers who lack the product volume
to work with large-scale industrial facilities. n149 While the overall number of
slaughter and processing facilities around the country remains high, the number
of facilities willing to work with small farmers has dwindled. n150 For example,
North Carolina currently has 236 meat processors, but only 44 of those plants
cater to the needs of farmers in the state. n151 Of those 44 facilities, only 20
businesses engage in animal slaughter. n152 Not every slaughter and processing
facility has the same business model, processes the same animals, or provides
the same cutting services. Therefore, it is possible for a local farmer to be
sited in an area surrounded by slaughter and processing facilities, yet be
several hours away from a facility capable of and willing to process their
animals.

   Existing small processors realize there is unmet farmer demand for their
services. n153 But a number of barriers prevent processors from filling small
farmers' needs. Economic, regulatory, and capital barriers create hurdles for
small processors interested in working with small farmers. Although current and
new facilities may wish to expand into high demand market areas, these barriers
may be insurmountable.

   1.

 Economic Barriers

 Building a slaughter or meat processing facility is capital intensive. n154
Constructing even the most rudimentary facility requires  [*364]  hundreds of
thousands of dollars and comes with substantial financial risk. n155 Opening a
new facility, then, requires that a processor and financier be convinced the
facility's revenues will eventually cover overhead and operating costs.
Prospective investors must be confident that real and sufficient demand exists
for the facility's services. Without the assurance that the facility can
maintain steady throughput, a prospective business owner or financier may
hesitate to invest in a new facility or expand an existing one. To move past
these initial funding constraints, clear and steady demand for the processor's
services must be readily apparent and accessible. n156

   Few new independent processing facilities have been built in the last ten
years due in large part to this financial uncertainty. n157 Results of a study
on barriers to entry for small-scale processors in 2013 indicate that small
farmers do not bring sufficient throughput volume to cover costs. n158 As
indicated by the North Carolina slaughter and processing facilities interviewed
for this article, processing facilities need a steady supply of animals to
remain operational, especially if the facility operates on a fee-for-service
basis. n159 With concern over the availability of consistent revenue to cover
slaughterhouse capital, new processors are unlikely to expand into local
markets, and existing facilities may be unlikely to increase capacity in their
brick and mortar plants.

   2.

 Inconsistent Temporal Throughput

 Consistent throughput at a processing facility is needed to cover a slaughter
operation's costs and keep skilled laborers employed. Historically, animal
slaughter and processing was a seasonal endeavor in which small-scale farmers
aimed to have their animals slaughtered  [*365]  at their optimal weight. n160
For cattle and hogs, this was in the early fall, following a long summer's
grazing period. Slaughtering at an animal's optimal weight provides the greatest
return to a farmer. Currently, many small farmers wish to carry on this
tradition (especially those whose livestock are grass fed), but existing
processing capacity makes this difficult.

   If all small producers in an area wish to have their livestock processed at
the same facility during the same temporal window (early fall or spring), a
small slaughterhouse may not have sufficient capacity to handle the large flow
of animals during such a short window. Conversely, under this type of system,
there may be a dearth of throughput in months when pasture-raised animal weight
is low. n161 These traditional meat production cycles lend themselves to
boom-and-bust processing cycles that can put significant stress on a processor's
finances.

   While farming and livestock production are fundamentally seasonal industries,
manufacturing and processing facilities have year-round costs independent of
seasonal meat supply. n162 Slaughter facilities must pay the rent or mortgage
for the building and physical property on which their facility is located, and
pay skilled laborers for year-round work. Interviewed processors explained to us
that if they offer reliable employment only for boom processing months, they
will have difficulty keeping skilled workers, as most will look elsewhere for
more stable, year-round employment. This consideration all but forces processors
to hire skilled workers for year-round work regardless of the seasonality of
meat supply.

   3.

 Labor

 Even a facility fortunate enough to have the throughput to pay butchers and
skilled laborers year-round wages may not be able to find qualified individuals
to hire. As the overall number of slaughterhouses and processing centers has
decreased, the number of skilled butchers has declined with it. n163 According
to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of skilled butchers in the United
States has decreased dramatically in the last fifteen years. In 1994, there
[*366]  were 218,994 skilled butchers in the United States n164; by 2010, this
number had declined to 125,910. n165

   The decrease in the number of butchers has outpaced the decrease in the
number of processing facilities, creating a shortage of skilled butchers. Many
processors cite the insufficient number of skilled butchers in the local work
force as a barrier to expanding operations or replacing current employees, and
some identify the shortage as their business's primary concern. One North
Carolina processor indicated that despite high levels of retention in their
workforce, finding new employees is difficult. Butchery is a highly- skilled
profession, but there are very few training programs around the country. n166
With few adequately trained individuals in the general population, processors
would need to undertake the time- intensive and costly process of training
employees themselves.

   This lack of qualified labor is a barrier for current operators looking to
maintain or expand their business, but also presents problems for new processing
facilities hoping to move into emerging market areas. If current operators
cannot find suitable replacements for outgoing workers, then new facilities may
find it prohibitively difficult to fill multiple positions. To entice skilled
individuals to fill a new position, new and expanding processors may need to
offer higher wages and benefits, which could eat into already slim profit
margins. Most small processors cannot afford to increase compensation to skilled
laborers, putting potential small business owners in a difficult financial
position.

   Retail customers demand consistency in certain types of cuts and value-added
processing. It takes considerable skill to properly butcher every animal the
same way into prime, subprime, and retail cuts. Without a consistent supply of
adequately trained labor, small slaughter and processing facilities may find it
difficult to meet the needs of both farmers and retailers. Consistency of the
finalized  [*367]  product is a barrier that small processors face in attempting
to expand their business and market reach. n167 A scarcity of skilled butchers
may exacerbate these issues and contribute to a decline in product consistency.

   4.

 Scheduling

 As in any other manufacturing industry, processing facilities need to maximize
the efficiency and output of their labor and capital stocks to keep costs down
and revenues up. This means optimizing the number of animals moving through the
facility, and keeping this number consistent throughout the year. Large
commercial or "commodity" processing facilities use contracts and production
arrangements with growers to ensure consistent throughput. n168 By contrast,
most small processors predominantly use fee-for-service arrangements. n169

   Under the fee-for-service scheduling model, a farmer will call a processor
when she is ready to have her animals slaughtered and processed. At this point,
the processor will try to schedule the farmer for a processing date six to eight
weeks later. This time frame gives the processor plenty of time to ensure that
inspectors are onsite for slaughter and that appropriate equipment will be
available for use that day. This system works well when there are no
cancellations and throughput is consistent. Yet any hiccup in the schedule -
such as a no-show, or a farmer bringing the wrong number of animals - can create
added pressure on processors and eliminate expected profits. Unfortunately,
cancellations and incorrect deliveries from small farmers are common. These
problems decrease both productivity and processing revenue for processors.

   Fee-for-service operations, coupled with inconsistent seasonal throughput,
can place significant economic stress on small processors. Some small facilities
have attempted to deal with this issue by engaging in long-term contracts with
larger farmers. Although these contracts increase the certainty of the
transaction, they create their own types of risk. For example, one North
Carolina processor disclosed that they have a few long-term contracts but prefer
to operate with small farmers under the fee-for-service model because of the
risk associated with linking their business with only two or three large
farmers. If the company were to lose a contract, or damage a  [*368]
relationship with a large farmer, the loss of that farmer's business could put
the processor's entire business at risk.

   Fee-for-service processing at small slaughterhouses is also expensive when
compared to large processing facilities. n170 Slaughter and processing at a
small facility typically costs more on a per-head basis than processing at a
commodity facility. n171 This is presumably due to economies of scale. Large
plants can process large volumes of animals at a lower cost per head because
they are able to capitalize on the efficiency of their plant's physical capital.
n172 Therefore, a processing plant with employees working along an assembly line
will be able to slaughter and process animals more quickly than a small facility
with only a handful of employees.

   Although the overhead costs associated with large facilities may be higher
than the fixed costs for smaller facilities, the increased number of animals
processed using automated equipment in large facilities allows these companies
to produce each unit of meat at a lower cost. n173 Most small processing
facilities cannot - and in fact may not want to - take advantage of economies of
scale and so have higher per unit processing costs. n174 Due to these
comparatively higher processing costs, many local farmers think that local
processors overcharge, and are hesitant to sign long-term agreements with them.

   5.

 Regulation and Inspection

 The FMIA and PPIA regulations are intended to ensure and maintain food safety
standards for all consumers across the country. n175 For this reason, USDA
regulates all meat under the same regulations regardless of where the animal was
raised or processed. n176 Therefore, the rules and inspection regimes regulating
small-scale processing facilities are the same as those that govern large-scale
commercial slaughter and processing facilities. This lack of scale-sensitive
regulation can place a disproportionate regulatory burden on small  [*369]
plants. n177 While all plants must comply with the same rules and regulations,
larger plants have more throughput over which to spread regulatory costs. For
example, pathogenic E. coli sampling, required under the FMIA, requires a tissue
sample from a batch of processed animals during a processing cycle. n178 The
size of this product sample is invariant of the number of animals processed in a
cycle. n179 For small processors that process fewer animals, this testing
results in a greater percentage of total product loss than for larger
facilities. Larger product loss leads to smaller revenues and thinner profit
margins.

   Compliance with state and federal regulations can also be extremely costly
due to high in-house administrative costs. Regulations can be difficult to
understand and even more difficult to implement correctly. Small facilities
often require the assistance of legal counsel to correctly interpret applicable
regulations, and full- time staff to handle administrative paperwork. For
example, one North Carolina processor had to hire two additional employees to
remain in compliance and keep accurate records: one who simply handles all of
the inspection and compliance paperwork, and another who aids the inspector with
his daily activities. These individuals do not directly help in the slaughter
and processing of animals, and so add to the company's administrative compliance
costs.

   Most small facilities do not have the financial resources to hire full-time
administrative staff or consult with an attorney every time they need compliance
assistance. This can lead to administrative rule infractions and penalties for
incorrect interpretation and implementation. Coupled with the inconsistency of
state and federal inspectors' implementation of the rules, these administrative
burdens can create a prohibitive barrier for small processors. n180

   Inspection is another area where regulations governing animal slaughter and
processing were developed for large, consolidated systems. n181 Many provisions
are not calibrated to the scale and practices of small and independent
operations. A number of these scale-independent regulations - originally crafted
to improve consumer safety - place a disproportionate burden on small  [*370]
processors. These regulations include inspector access to facilities, inspector
scheduling, inspector infrastructure requirements, and payment for overtime work
hours. n182 When considered individually, the burdens of compliance for many
scale-independent regulations appear miniscule. In the aggregate, however, these
burdens disproportionately increase processing costs for small operators and
decrease their ability to turn a profit.

   One such scale-independent regulation involves inspector access to
facilities. A slaughter and processing facility must be accessible to state or
federal inspection employees at all times - day or night. n183 While this rule
may not burden large slaughter and processing facilities that operate for long
hours, small companies with only a handful of employees may find it difficult to
provide access to an inspector on demand. Along with open access, an inspector
must be onsite to inspect every animal prior to and following slaughter. n184
While this regulation is applicable to all plants and operators, inspectors at
large plants see many more animals in the course of a workday than inspectors
working at a small facility. This makes it easier for larger producers to
amortize the costs of ensuring inspector access. On the other hand, the
disparity in time spent per animal may also lead to differences in inspection
quality between plans of different sizes.

   The number of inspectors required at a facility depends on the animal type,
inspection system, and line configuration, as well as the slaughter rate. n185
Small facilities, especially those without mechanized assembly lines, will
slaughter and process animals at a slower rate than larger processors. n186 For
example, a large FI facility slaughtering chickens may have a production speed
with a maximum inspection rate of 15.5 to 25 birds per minute. n187 Small
facilities are unlikely to slaughter and process birds at these rates - they are
limited by their  [*371]  equipment and physical capital. However, if a large
processor is capable of working at that speed, it can spread the fixed costs of
each inspector over more birds. The more animals that a plant can pass through
its facility under the eyes of one inspector, the more the compliance costs
associated with that inspector will decrease.

   Hog processing facilities experience similar problems. It is not uncommon for
large hog processing facilities to slaughter thousands of animals in a day with
only a few inspectors on site. n188 As reported by an inspector in a 2014
affidavit to the Government Accountability Project's Food Integrity Campaign,
three inspectors routinely oversee 1,100 hogs processed per hour in some high
capacity plants. n189 Small facilities that process only a handful of animals
per hour cannot spread inspection costs across as many animals. This increases
the relative total cost of slaughter and processing.

   There are many costs associated with having an inspector on-site. While the
cost of inspection during normal work hours for federal inspection of meat is
borne by the federal government, n190 processors still incur substantial
inspection costs. For example, to ensure that the inspector has a clean place in
which to work and conduct his or her professional business, a processing
facility must provide office space, including necessary furnishings, light,
heat, and janitor services, for the exclusive use of the inspector assigned to
the facility. n191 In addition to office space, a facility must provide suitable
lockers in which inspectors can keep brands bearing the official inspection
legend (to ensure that labels will not be misused), along with other official
and personal items. n192

   While not unreasonable, these rules are especially burdensome for small
processing facilities. The cost of adding an office and required sanitary hand
washing stations for the exclusive use of the inspectors n193 is more manageable
for large processing facilities with high levels of throughput, which can spread
the cost of inspectors' facilities over more animals. Smaller plants, some of
which process animals only two or three times a week, may struggle to adequately
[*372]  meet the needs of inspectors while covering operational and overhead
costs.

   i.

 Scheduling Inspectors

 Scheduling inspection also creates hurdles for small slaughter and processing
facilities. To have an inspector on site, a facility must submit a work schedule
to the inspection area's regional supervisor and maintain a consistent schedule
week to week. n194 Any request to change a work schedule must be done at least
two weeks in advance of the proposed schedule change date. n195 While this
system provides greater certainty for regulators, it creates challenges for
small processors. Processors operating on fee-for-service relationships with
farmers may have changes in their schedule with less than two weeks' notice.

   A small processor, especially one that does not operate five days a week, may
lack the flexibility to give inspectors advanced notice of these scheduling
changes, and therefore may not be able to accept all of the animals that farmers
wish to deliver for processing. In contrast, large facilities that enter into
long-term contracts with large farmers face fewer scheduling-related challenges.
n196 With long-term contracts come stability and certainty.

   These difficulties are also presented in scheduling an inspector's shifts and
overtime hours. USDA (or equivalent state programs) will provide processors with
inspection service for up to eight consecutive hours per shift during the basic
workweek. n197 A basic workweek consists of five consecutive eight-hour
workdays. n198 If a processor wishes to have an inspector work overtime hours,
the facility must give the inspector advance notice as early as possible. n199
If an inspector is able to work the overtime request, the facility must
reimburse the inspection program for the cost of the overtime  [*373]
inspection service. n200 Overtime rates are generally 1.5 times the normal wage
rate for inspectors. n201

   While scheduling inspectors is a problem that both large and small facilities
face, fee-for-service operations without set contracts face the added challenge
of variability in the daily number of animals brought by farmers. If a producer
on a fee-for-service setup brings more animals than expected on an individual
day, the processor may need the inspector to work overtime hours. However, there
is no guarantee that the inspector can or will honor this request.

   ii.

 Inspector Interpretation

 Implementation of the FMIA rules and regulations by federal and state
inspectors is also a major concern of small processors. Small facilities - like
large facilities - need consistency in the interpretation of rules and
regulations to maintain a steady flow of operations. If inspectors vary
significantly in their interpretations, then a processing facility may be in
compliance under one inspector, but in violation under another. This is less of
a concern for larger plants that run at least five days a week because there are
generally inspectors dedicated to their individual facility, rather than a
rotation of different inspectors, as small facilities often experience. n202
According to some small processors, with every new inspector comes a slightly
different interpretation of the standing rules and regulations. Attempting to
understand and implement a new inspector's interpretation of the rules costs
facilities time and money. It is not uncommon for a new inspector to shut down
an active facility for an alleged violation that a previous inspector
consistently allowed. n203

   Processors also find state regulators and inspectors easier to work with than
their federal counterparts. They find federal inspectors to be more bureaucratic
and less likely to help solve problems than state inspectors. This does not mean
that state inspection is less stringent than federal inspection; state
inspectors are required to regulate using state standards that are "at least
equal to"  [*374]  federal standards. n204 However, state inspectors are more
responsive to small processing facilities' questions and needs. Small processors
attribute this approachability to there being fewer levels of bureaucratic
hierarchy at the state level.

   6.

 Revenue from Animal Byproducts

 In addition to the added relative costs that small processing facilities face
in comparison to larger facilities, large facilities are able to tap into a
revenue-generating source that most small processors cannot. Due to the
considerable throughput at large- scale commodity processing plants, these
plants are able to exploit the large volume of animal byproducts left following
slaughter and processing. n205 Large-scale processors can earn most - and at
times all - of their net revenue from the sale of animal byproducts. n206 There
are edible and non-edible animal byproducts (known as offal), such as hides,
skins, blood, fats, bones, and innards. n207 This is a considerable amount of
material: offal constitutes about 30% of the live weight of hogs and 44% of the
live weight of cattle. n208

   Although demand for edible animal byproducts is insignificant in the United
States, a robust and expanding market for these products exists overseas. n209
Through the sheer scale of production, large processing facilities have been
able to exploit an international demand for animal byproducts. n210 Companies
like Smithfield Foods and Cargill have established trading relationships with
Asian countries to transform processing wastes into a valuable commodity. n211

   Without the processing scale of larger plants, smaller plants are unable to
take advantage of this demand. While niche demand for some animal byproducts may
exist regionally, most small processors either throw away their offal or have a
rendering company pick it up  [*375]  to use in dog and animal feed. n212 Some
rendering companies charge small facilities for pickup, whereas large
slaughterhouses are usually paid for their offal. n213 Consolidation of the
offal market exacerbates the difficulties small processors face; the large
rendering companies do not need to compete for small processors' waste products,
and few small or regional companies exist to fill that niche. n214 From both an
environmental and economic perspective, utilization of the whole animal is
critical to minimizing waste and expanding revenue. Without access to this
revenue stream, small processors are decidedly disadvantaged when compared to
their larger counterparts. n215

   7.

 Access to Capital

 A final area of concern for processors is the lack of access to capital to
expand existing facilities and build new ones. A number of small North Carolina
processors note that their businesses have sufficient throughput to warrant
expansion. However, these companies have found it difficult to increase capacity
due to lack of capital. Expanding a slaughter and processing facility can cost
hundreds of thousands of dollars. n216 Most processing operations cannot be
expected to have adequate capital on hand to finance these kinds of projects;
facilities must enter capital markets to find loans at competitive rates or else
apply for state or federal grant funding.

   Due to the financially risky nature of slaughter and processing centers,
private financers may be unwilling to finance expansion projects and so business
owners may be unable to find loans with competitive rates. Multiple existing
state and federal programs are available to provide financial support for new
and expanding facilities, n217 but interviews with small processors in North
Carolina  [*376]  indicate that many processors there were unaware that these
grants existed or felt incapable of accessing them.

   One major complaint from processors about existing grant programs is that
many of them are directed towards new processing facilities instead of existing
ones. According to processors, existing facilities with proven track records and
successful business models seeking to expand and increase capacity are often
overlooked. Instead, most grant programs are tailored towards riskier new
operations without proven success. By opening funding opportunities to both new
and existing facilities, grant programs may be more successful in expanding
farmer access to slaughter and processing facilities.

   C.

 Wholesale Purchasers n218

 After processing, meat can be sold either directly to the consumer or to
wholesale purchasers. n219 Direct- to-consumer sales, while important in the
local meat system, have simpler distribution channels and are beyond the scope
of this article. This article focuses on wholesale purchasers, which includes
retail sellers (such as grocery stores and butcher shops) as well as restaurants
and food service providers.

   1.

 Quality and Consistency of Supply

 Small, local farmers are at a comparative disadvantage when trying to sell
their products to wholesale purchasers. Wholesale purchasers are businesses with
institutional needs regarding their product supply, some of which can be
difficult to meet through local supply chains. n220 In particular, many that
were interviewed tend to look for a steady supply of consistently adequate
quality that can be  [*377]  traced back to the farm or group of farms from
which it came. n221

   One way for purchasers to ensure consistent supply without incurring
excessive transaction costs is to do most of their business with one or two
large local farms, rather than many small farmers. For example, one North
Carolina butcher's shop sources beef from two farms and uses an aggregator n222
as a back-up if output from those farms falls short. This approach can be
challenging in locations where most local farms are small-scale or several local
buyers are vying for the same few large suppliers.

   One North Carolina restaurant that tried sourcing directly from farmers found
that it would have to hire another full-time employee to manage all the
transactions required to get the necessary quantity of meat from small-scale
farmers. This arrangement was cost- prohibitive, so the restaurant now works
with a local food hub that can ensure a steady supply by aggregating products
from approximately twenty beef farmers. The restaurateur interviewed for this
article noted that beef supply can be especially difficult to schedule in a
business's start-up phase because pasture-raised beef cattle have a two-year
growth cycle and small-scale growers are unlikely to have started growing cattle
without an idea of where they would be sold.

   All the wholesale purchasers interviewed indicated that local poultry
sourcing presents greater difficulty in central North Carolina than local beef
or pork. Several farmers reported scaling back or ending their poultry
operations because of the lack of local poultry processing. Consequently, some
local foods restaurants offer no poultry products on the menu at all. They also
noted that consumer expectations are a greater barrier for poultry than for
other meat, observing that consumers are not accustomed to the meat qualities
that outdoor poultry farming produces (i.e., tougher meat) and are less willing
to pay a premium for local chicken than for local steak.

   A second consistency challenge for retailers arises when insufficient
processing capacity creates a bottleneck at the slaughterhouse. When farmers
must schedule slaughter appointments six weeks in advance, they lack flexibility
to increase supply on short notice for wholesale purchasers.

   In North Carolina, wholesale purchasers of local meat are willing  [*378]  to
pay a premium over commodity meat, partly because of its perceived higher
quality. But purchasers may have difficulty obtaining consistent supplies of
high-quality products through local meat distribution channels. Retail sellers
need quality cuts, in correct quantities, from the processors that supply them.
As previously discussed, creating specialty cuts requires skilled butchers, and
high-end buyers may struggle to find desired cuts from processors with
insufficient skilled labor. n223 The particular cuts that chefs may want are not
always those that processors know how to make. n224

   2.

 Whole Animal Utilization

 Ensuring 100% utilization of edible carcass parts is one of the biggest
challenges to purveyors of local meat. Because processors in the local,
fee-for-service business generally do not sell offal, the local meat production
process must be profitable for both farmers and processors based exclusively on
meat sales.

   Costs can be brought back down through efficient utilization of the whole
animal, using both highly sought and less desirable cuts. For example, one North
Carolina grocery store cuts costs by buying whole beef carcasses and breaking
them down in their own facilities. n225 These cost savings are particularly
important for local, grass-fed beef that already retails at comparatively high
prices.

   Wholesale purchasers buying whole animals or primal cuts n226 must be able to
sell all of the animal parts, in the relative quantities in which they come on
the carcass (e.g., 185 pounds of ground beef for every 85 pounds of round roasts
and steaks). n227 A farm-to-table restaurant may address this challenge by
including less familiar items on its menu, recognizing the importance of whole
animal utilization to both farm-to-table ideals and the business's bottom line.
An alternative to whole carcass utilization in-house is to partner with another
buyer who can use or dispose of complementary cuts. For instance, a five-star
restaurant using top quality cuts might buy beef in partnership with a burger
joint that could grind beef from lower  [*379]  quality cuts.

   3.

 Regulatory Challenges

 Overall, wholesale purchasers did not identify regulatory barriers as
significant hurdles for their businesses. However, the size and maturity of a
region's local meat system may affect the level of regulatory burden it faces.
One North Carolina restaurateur does not see regulation as a significant
constraint on his current business, but describes having experienced more
significant regulatory hurdles in the past when the local meat market first took
hold in his region. Because pasture-raised cattle take longer to grow to market
weight, they are much older at slaughter than grain-fed animals. USDA inspectors
accustomed to inspecting six-month-old animals were unacquainted with the normal
appearance of meat and bones in two-year-old animals, prompting them to order
additional testing on perfectly safe meat. The additional testing interrupted
the meat supply to his restaurant, which had been marketed extensively as using
only pasture- raised beef. Once the inspectors grew familiar with the appearance
of grass-fed beef, this problem subsided.

   USDA grading can also be a challenge for pasture- raised beef. Because
grass-fed meat is not as fatty as grain-fed, it may lack the necessary marbling
to be labeled "USDA prime." One restaurant no longer gets its beef USDA graded
because, in their opinion, the quality of their meat is not accurately reflected
in a grading system designed for feedlot-finished animals.

   One large-scale food services provider in North Carolina identifies a
self-imposed business practice, rather than a regulatory requirement, as a key
barrier to sourcing meat from small farmers. The company requires its vendors at
every stage (both farmers and processors) to carry indemnification policies of
at least $ 3 million. They recognize that for many small-scale operators, that
requirement proves an insurmountable hurdle for doing business with their
company.

   Wholesale purchasers' concerns with local meat procurement mainly revolve
around ensuring a steady and consistent supply of high-quality cuts of meat at
prices consumers are willing to pay. Regulatory burdens may affect some
purchasers, but are generally secondary to market challenges and sometimes to
the constraints of purchasers' own internal business practices.

[*380]

   IV.

 Solutions The various barriers discussed above invite a variety of potential
solutions. These solutions include changing the nature of the relationship
between farmers and processors, such as switching to long-term contracts or
forming farmer cooperatives. Other solutions introduce new market actors, such
as aggregators or mobile slaughter units. Still others include making regulatory
changes that improve small processor competitiveness and bolster access to
capital for processors.

   A.

 Long-Term Contracts

 One approach to dealing with the current local meat production and processing
problem is to encourage small farmers to sign long-term production contracts
with small and independent slaughterhouses. By changing the current system from
fee-for-service transactions to contract relationships, processors and farmers
could increase the certainty of future supply and demand. Contracts would allow
a processor to slow or even eliminate the boom and bust cycles currently
prevalent in the industry. By controlling the arrival and number of animals,
processors can attempt to spread processing volume across multiple months,
thereby decreasing the negative effects of bust cycles.

   Multiyear contracts could also create anchor customers for small processing
facilities. Anchor customers would provide steady throughput for a facility over
multiple years, creating a more reliable yearly base supply of animals. n228
Although long-term contracts are not a necessary precondition for establishing
anchor customers, establishing a legal relationship could make the interaction
more dependable than relying on uncertain future demand. Farmers would gain in
this type of system by being assured of a processing slot and time, which would
reduce the uncertainty of scheduling.

   Multiyear contracts can provide processors with long-term demand projections,
easing concerns about future demand and throughput. They can improve processors'
understanding of their future costs and revenue, allowing them to better plan
future capital expenditures. They may also improve processors' access to capital
because processors could show potential financers reliable earnings projections
when seeking loans. It may also fix the shortage of  [*381]  butchers by
providing an incentive to the slaughterhouse to hire or train better butchers,
and to invest in the equipment needed to produce value- added cuts.

   B.

 Cooperatives

 Another option for easing market barriers to local slaughterhouse access could
be local and regional organization of farmers into cooperative societies. By
grouping local livestock producers that produce the same types of animals under
similar conditions, the combined group of farmers can collectively provide a
small slaughter and processing facility with consistent, year-round business.
Cooperation can come in the form of formal cooperatives that have a collective
brand name associated with the final processed product, or the relationship can
be much simpler and involve only information sharing among members. Regardless
of the setup, bringing multiple small farmers together allows farmers and
processors to address some of the issues of scale identified in this article.

   Grouping small farmers may allow all involved farmers to exploit economies of
scale. These arrangements also have the potential to open up new revenue sources
for livestock producers. For example, farmers in a cooperative may be able to
benefit from the collection and sale of edible offal at a larger scale.
Individual farmers struggle to sell their small quantities of offal such as
liver or tripe; however, if all of the small farmers in an area were aggregated,
they might be able to collectively tap into larger markets, such as restaurants,
where they could offer edible organs in quantities large enough that a
restaurant could include them as a menu offering. n229

   Processors would also gain from farmer cooperation by decreasing costs and
increasing efficiency. When cooperatives can bring larger batches of animals of
a uniform size, a facility may increase efficiency by using the same cutting
equipment and procedures for the batch. n230 Cooperatives can provide a
processing facility with the steady and predictable throughput needed to ensure
financial stability. Cooperatives, which may act as anchor customers, can
provide the financial security to keep and improve a skilled year- round
workforce, invest in facility and equipment upgrades, and provide the
value-added services that customers demand.

    [*382]  Cooperatives could potentially improve processing access for small
farmers by taking a financial stake in their local slaughter and processing
facilities. If a facility is unable to meet the aggregate demand for slaughter
and processing, a cooperative may be able to supply the necessary capital for
expansion so that its members' needs are met. By owning a piece of the
slaughterhouse, a cooperative may also have a greater say in the types of cuts,
value-added processing, or packaging offered at the facility.

   C.

 Aggregators and Food Hubs

 Many of the same economies of scale achieved through cooperation can also be
realized by introducing independent market actors who act as food hubs n231 or
aggregators. n232 They provide intermediary services, such as scheduling
slaughter to maintain consistent throughput and apportioning cuts of meat among
buyers to achieve whole animal utilization. They lessen the producers'
transportation burden by picking up the meat from processing facilities
themselves. Aggregators take over the role of marketing, both to retailers and
household consumers. Aggregators may also be good partners for long-term
contracts because they may be better able to guarantee stable throughput levels
via access to higher volumes. They also reduce the number of distinct labels
that a processor must use because they replace the labels of individual farms
with the aggregator's label. They simplify transactions with wholesale
purchasers who no longer have to manage relationships with multiple small farms.

   D.

 Mobile Slaughter Units

 Another potential option to overcome market and economic barriers to
slaughterhouse access for small farmers is through expanded use of Mobile
Slaughter Units (MSUs). n233 An MSU is a  [*383]  slaughter facility located in
a towable trailer rather than within a brick and mortar building. n234 MSUs are
similar to fixed- location plants in that they must comply with federal law;
however, they differ in that they can move to high-demand areas, while brick and
mortar plants cannot. In areas where increased processing capacity is needed,
they may face less opposition from communities than the creation of new
fixed-location facilities.

   Small farmers are beginning to utilize MSUs in some areas of the country as a
way to solve the local processing problem. n235 These MSUs are advantageous for
small farmers because the facility can come to the farmer's property, thereby
reducing steep transportation costs. They may fill gaps in the local processing
system, such as in North Carolina, where poultry processing is particularly hard
to come by. They may also create some marketing benefits. Small farmers may like
the idea of being able to tell their customers that their animals were
slaughtered on the farmer's property, and under his or her supervision. n236
This may allow the farmer to charge an increased premium or to establish a
better connection with consumers.

   MSUs are also beneficial for processors because they represent less financial
risk than larger, brick and mortar processing facilities. n237 MSUs are less
capital intensive than other forms of processing facilities n238 and can
minimize financial risk by physically going to a farmer's property when
throughput is low instead of waiting for the farmer to come to the facility.
They may also benefit from being able to bypass zoning restrictions that would
apply to brick and mortar facilities and from circumventing community opposition
to a stationary slaughterhouse.

   While there are clear advantages to mobile slaughterhouse operations, there
are increased burdens as well. For example, with an MSU, the transportation
costs are shifted from the farmer to the  [*384]  processor. n239 Therefore, the
MSU operator must increase his or her fees in order to recoup this loss. Also,
MSUs have limited capacity and can slaughter and minimally process only a
handful of animals in one day. n240 Typical small fixed-location slaughter
facilities are able to slaughter more animals in the course of a day than an
MSU, bringing their per-animal slaughter costs lower than those of MSUs due to
economies of scale and the ability to spread costs across a larger product
volume. n241

   MSU facilities can also operate for only two consecutive days before they
must offload the slaughtered carcasses. n242 While MSUs provide an alternative
means of slaughter, further butchering is required to process the meat into
consumer friendly cuts. n243 A farmer must then find a separate cut and wrap or
processing facility to receive the carcasses from the MSU. n244 This can be
problematic for all of the distance and access problems discussed in Part III.
Although MSUs may be part of a larger comprehensive solution to the
slaughterhouse access problem, they solve only part of the issue on their own.

   E.

 "Right-Sizing" of Regulations

 Developing scale-sensitive regulations is another potential solution to
barriers to entry in the local meat system. Regulations related to inspector
costs place a disproportionate burden on smaller processors, who cannot spread
those costs across as many animals as large-scale facilities can. Regulations
about scheduling inspection time make it more difficult for fee-for-service
facilities to accept inconsistent throughput or last-minute schedule changes.

   One possibility would be to offer exemptions for small-scale facilities -
some exemptions may be available that do not increase safety risks. These might
include safe actor exemptions that reduce reporting requirements for facilities
with exemplary safety records. Ideally, this would decrease processor labor
costs without sacrificing  [*385]  product safety.

   Another option to reduce the disparate burden of regulations upon small
processors would be to strengthen inspector oversight of large facilities, whose
products have a larger market reach with greater potential for widespread public
health implications. Their greater volumes and higher processing speeds may well
increase the risks of producing unsafe meat, potentially justifying such an
expansion. More research is needed to determine how plant size and line speed
might impact product safety.

   F.

 Access to Capital

 Expanding capacity or range of value-added services at processing facilities
can help both farmers and processors increase profits. However, processors who
wish to expand or add value- added processing to meet growing demand often face
capital constraints. If a processor does not have sufficient internal funds to
finance a facility expansion or upgrade, then it has to look elsewhere for
financing. Potential options include private loans and state and federal grant
and loan programs. As noted in Part III, financing is available from these
sources, but processors often have limited access to them. One reason for this
lack of access is a lack of information and processor awareness of funding
opportunities.

   One potential financing opportunity for existing processing facilities is Tax
Increment Financing. If a processor wishes to expand their facility, yet cannot
find suitable financing, then they may be able to enter into a Tax Increment
Financing agreement with the local government. In such an agreement, the local
government agrees to loan the facility money to pay for the expansion with the
expectation that the expansion will increase tax revenues generally over the
coming decade. n245 The facility will then pay off the loan through incremental
tax payments over the next decade or two. n246 In effect, this system allows the
local government to front the processor the money that it expects to receive in
the form of tax payments from the expansion.

   Other potential financing opportunities are available for new and existing
facilities. These may include business development grants, n247  [*386]
guaranteed loan programs, n248 financing assistance for energy efficiency
improvements, n249 or other business or rural development programs. n250 To
better access these programs, processors may need greater assistance from
cooperative extension agencies, small business development councils, and state
and local governments. Greater access to funding programs may enable processors
to expand their facilities, provide greater value-added processing, and hire
more skilled workers in the rapidly expanding local meat industry.

   V.

 Conclusion The local food movement creates new economic opportunities for rural
communities. North Carolina serves as a prime example, with many farmers
returning to more traditional farming practices and many new farmers entering
the market. However, the growth in production is insufficient to keep up with
consumer demand, and many farmers reference a lack of infrastructure to get
their products to market. To better understand the dynamics of the local meat
system, the Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic interviewed some of the
market players in North Carolina to hear their perspectives about barriers and
needs. While this research is ongoing, and is not assumed to represent
experiences and market dynamics in other parts of the country, what we learned
was surprising.

   For the most part, none of the market participants felt burdened by the
presence of regulations. To the contrary, they support regulation to ensure the
safety of their products and the welfare of their customers. There were,
however, concerns about inconsistent interpretation of those regulations,
especially by federal inspectors who were less familiar with meats produced on
pasture. In addition, small processors' concerns that federal inspectors
scrutinize them more closely than large processors may be true: federal
inspectors at small processing plants have considerably more time to examine the
[*387]  health of each animal before slaughter and the condition of the meat
before packaging. This raises concerns not about the quality of the meats
fabricated in small operations, but of what inspectors may be missing at larger
facilities that process significantly more animals at much faster speeds.

   Market barriers seem to be a bigger obstacle to meeting consumer demand. Even
small processing facilities require large capital investments, and loan officers
may be unfamiliar with the local food system and question the viability of
small-scale operations in the absence of available market comparisons. Small
business loan programs do not cater to existing processing facilities that want
to expand their operations. Although there are regulatory exemptions for on-farm
poultry processing, the equipment needed to process the animals is expensive and
unaffordable for many small farmers. Scale-appropriate software programs are
needed to help processors and farmers with scheduling and recordkeeping.
Delivery services could help to get final cuts back to the farmer, and
aggregators are needed to get edible and inedible offal to markets.

   These findings do not undermine the rightful role of government. To the
contrary, proportionate government action is necessary to address and resolve
these barriers: federal inspectors may require additional guidance and training,
and some regulations and reporting requirements could be modified for
small-scale processing facilities without compromising food safety; agricultural
agencies should make information about loans and grant programs more available
to small- scale market participants; training programs for butchers, as well as
business and financial management programs for packers and processors, are
needed; and state and federal lawmakers should reconsider longer-term tax
policies and federal subsidies that create unfair market advantages for
industrial-scale farms and processors.

   In addition, there is a strong role for local government action: many
communities need local food policy councils and infrastructure assessments;
vacant land can be made available for businesses that aim to address gaps in
infrastructure; public investment in cold storage and shared-use facilities
would address distribution issues with local food; and zoning modifications
could support emerging local markets and accommodate small-scale processing
operations or aggregation facilities in areas closer to farm production. n251

    [*388]  In sum, as the local food movement gains momentum and market share,
action is needed to ensure the availability of the products consumers demand at
prices that are affordable but provide a fair profit margin. Although consumer
demand exists and producers are interested in satisfying it, regulatory and
market barriers currently impede this process. Farmers and processors need to
communicate and collaborate more closely with one another and with their
communities to address their respective needs and to better serve those who want
to buy their products. Federal, state, and local governments each have critical
roles to play, as well, in creating new market opportunities by removing or
reducing the barriers discussed in this article. The solutions identified above
will benefit producers and consumers alike, and lead to a healthier, safer, more
efficient, and more sustainable food system for all.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawWater QualityGeneral OverviewGovernmentsAgriculture &
FoodGeneral OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  U.S. Meat Production, Physicians For Soc. Responsibility,
http://www.psr.org/ chapters/oregon/safe-food/industrial-meat-system.html (last
visited Feb. 22, 2015).





n2.  Id.





n3.  See, e.g., Carrie R. Daniel et al., Trends in Meat Consumption in the
United States, 14 Pub. Health Nutrition 4, 575-83 (2010) (stating that there is
epidemiological evidence that red and processed meat consumption increases
cancer and chronic disease risk).





n4.  See generally Michelle Nowlin, Sustainable Production of Swine: Putting
Lipstick on a Pig? 37 Vt. L. Rev. 1079, (2013) [hereinafter Nowlin, Sustainable
Production] (discussing sustainability of concentrated animal feeding
operations); J.B. Ruhl, Farms, Their Environmental Harms, and Environmental Law,
27 Ecology L.Q. 263 (2000) (discussing the environmental harms of farms).





n5.  See, e.g., Census of Agriculture, Farmers Marketing 1 (2014) (noting that
"144,530 farms sold $ 1.3 billion in fresh edible agricultural products directly
to consumers in 2012"), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Online_Resources/
Highlights/Farmers_Marketing/Highlights_Farmer s_Marketing.pdf; see also Lauren
Gwin, Arion Thiboumery & Richard Stillman, Niche Meat Processor Assistance
Network, From Convenience To Commitment: Securing The Long-Term Viability Of
Local Meat And Poultry Processing 1 (2013), available at http://ir.library.
oregonstate.edu/xmlui/handle/1957/38213.





n6.  Lauren Gwin, Casey McKissik & Sarah Blacklin, NC Choices Technical
Assistance Training Manual: Advancing Local and Niche Meat Supply Chains 38
(2014), available at
http://ncchoices.ces.ncsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/NC-Choices-Training-Man
ual- 11.3.14.pdf.





n7.  See e.g., David A. Taylor, Does One Size Fit All?: Small Farms and U.S.
Meat Regulations, 116 Envtl. Health Perspect. 12, A529 (2008) (noting that some
meat producers are having trouble keeping up with demand); see also Sarah A. Low
et al., U.S. Department of Agriculture, Trends in U.S. Local and Regional Food
Systems 13 (2015), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/1763057/ap068.pdf.





n8.  While most slaughter facilities perform some form of primary processing
(e.g., cutting the carcass into halves or quarters), and some offer extensive
processing services, not all processing facilities perform slaughter. In this
article the term "processor" is used inclusively to cover both slaughterhouses
and processing facilities.





n9.  The number of live animals brought to a facility for processing per unit of
time.





n10.  The Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic at Duke Law School allows
students to work with clinic faculty and other legal professionals in
representing non-profits in a range of environmental law and policy issues.
Environmental Law and Policy Clinic, Duke University School of Law,
https://law.duke.edu/envlawpolicy/ (last visited Feb. 26, 2015).





n11.  The National Young Farmers Coalition is a membership organization
dedicated to representing, mobilizing, and engaging young and beginning farmers.
For more information about the Young Farmers Coalition see Young Farmers,
www.youngfarmers.org (last visited Feb. 26, 2015).





n12.  See Low, et al. supra note 7, at 13.





n13.  Conversely, however, studies show that small farmers with
direct-to-consumer sales have a greater chance of reporting positive sales than
those who use traditional market channels. Id.





n14.  Hannah M.M. Connor, The Industrialization of Animal Agriculture:
Connecting a Model With Its Impacts on the Environment, in Food, Agriculture and
Environmental Law, 66-68 (Mary Jane Angelo et al., eds.) (2013) (discussing
growth and consolidation in the livestock industry).





n15.  Tom Philpott, A Reflection on the Lasting Legacy of 1970s USDA Secretary
Earl Butz, Grist (Feb. 8, 2008, 1:31 AM),
http://grist.org/article/the-butz-stops-here/.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Id.; see also Michael Carlson, Earl Butz: US Politician Brought Down by
Racist Remark, The Guardian (Feb. 3, 2008),
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/feb/ 04/usa.obituaries (explaining that
Nixon appointed Butz as Secretary of Agriculture "with a brief to make food
cheaper").





n18.  See 33 U.S.C. § 1362(14) (2012) (including concentrated animal feeding
operations (AFOs) under definition of point source); 40 C.F.R. § 122.23 (2012)
(defining CAFOs as a type of AFO); 40 C.F.R. pt. 412 (2012) (regulating CAFOs as
a point source category).





n19.  SeeAd Hoc Committee on Air Emissions from Animal Feeding Operations et
al., Nat'l Research Council Of The Nat'l Academies 16 (2003) (explaining that
between "1982 and 1997, the number of animal feeding operations in the United
States decreased by 51%, while livestock production increased 10%" (internal
citations omitted)), available at http://www.nap.edu/catalog/10586.html. See
generally Pew Comm'n on Indus. Farm Animal Prod., Putting Meat on the Table:
Industrial Farm Animal Production in America (2010)
http://www.ncifap.org/_images/PCIFAPFin.pdf; James MacDonald & William D.
McBride, Economic Research Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Info. Bull. No.
43, The Transformation of U.S. Livestock Agriculture: Scale, Efficiency, and
Risks (2009), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/eib-economic-information-bulletin/eib43.asp
x (discussing a shift to larger and more specialized farms).





n20.  Nat'l Agric. Statistics Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., USDA Statistical
Bull. No. 1021, Livestock Operations Final Estimates 2003-2007 (2009); Nat'l
Agric. Statistics Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Statistical Bull. No 1002,
Livestock Operations Final Estimates 1999-2002 (2004) (stating that number of
mid-sized operations - those raising between 500-999 animals - declined by more
than 60%, while the largest operations - those with more than 5,000 animals -
increased by approximately 50%).





n21.  MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 3.





n22.  See generally Smithfield, 2013 Integrated Report (2013), available at
http://smithfieldfoods.com/media/39114/smithfield-integrated-report2013.pdf.
Smithfield's wholly-owned subsidiary, Murphy-Brown, produces more than sixteen
million hogs per year for slaughter and processing at Smithfield's facilities.
Id.at 16. Annually, this accounts for approximately 53% of the hogs Smithfield
processes. Id.





n23.  See Rachel J. Johnson, Daniel L. Marti & Lauren Gwin, U.S. Dep't. of
Agric., Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally Sourced Meat
8-13 (2012), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/ldpm-livestock,-dairy,-and-poultry-outlook/
ldpm216-01.aspx (the majority of cattle and hogs are slaughtered and processed
in large industrial plants).





n24.  SeeFood & Water Watch, Where's the Local Beef? Rebuilding Small-Scale Meat
Processing Infrastructure 3 (2009), available at http://www.foodand
waterwatch.org/tools-and-resources/wheres-the-local-beef/ (recounting that
between 1998 and 2007, the number of government-inspected slaughter facilities
fell by more than 20%); see also Low et al., supra note 7, at 23 (citing USDA
NASS data showing that the number of small federally inspected cattle slaughter
plants slaughtering under 10,000 head per year has declined by 12% since 2001,
dropping to 554 in 2013).





n25.  James M. MacDonald et al., Food & Rural Econ. Div., Econ. Research Serv.,
U.S. Dep't. of Agric., Agric. Econ. Report No. 785, Consolidation in U.S.
Meatpacking 37 (1999), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/493235/aer785_1_.pdf. For example, according to
USDA NASS data, 8.6 billion chickens were slaughtered in the U.S. in 2013. Low
et al., supra note 7, at 23, n.26. The numbers for cattle are smaller simply
because the animals are so much larger. Nonetheless, "ninety-four percent of
cattle slaughtered in 2013 were processed in facilities that slaughtered at
least 100,000 cattle during the year." Id.; see also Johnson, Marti & Gwin,
supra note 23, at 7-8, 12 (noting that size of slaughterhouses has increased as
overall number of slaughter plants has decreased in recent years).





n26.  See 9 C.F.R. § 310.1 (2012) (stating that for 390 steers, it takes 13
inspectors; for 1106 hogs, it takes 7 inspectors).





n27.  9 C.F.R. § 381.67 (2012); see also 9 C.F.R. § 310.1(b)(1) (2012).





n28.  For example, the Smithfield Foods Packing Plant in Tarheel, N.C.
slaughters up to 36,000 market hogs each day. Nat'l Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System, Envt'l Prot. Agency, Fact Sheet for NPDES Permit Development
(NPDES Permit No. NC0078344) (2007).





n29.  Mary Hendrickson & William Heffernan, University of Missouri,
Concentration of Agricultural Markets 1-2 (2007), available at http://www.food
circles.missouri.edu/07contable.pdf; see also Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note
23, at 10-11 (discussing plant size and slaughter volume).





n30.  Michelle Nowlin, Food Working Group Speaker Series, Session #5 (Apr. 23,
2014) (transcript available at
https://ssri.duke.edu/sites/ssri.duke.edu/files/pictures/
Nowlin_MeetingMinutes.pdf).





n31.  Cargill Meat Solutions, Cargill,
http://www.cargill.com/company/businesses/cargill-meat-solutions/index.jsp; see
also Hendrickson & Heffernan, supra note 29, at 2.





n32.  Id. at 1-2.





n33.  See MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 2 (remarking that today's
livestock farms are increasingly producing under contract arrangements).





n34.  Id.at 5.





n35.  See Id. at 5-12 (discussing contractual relationships in livestock
production).





n36.  See id. (discussing contractual relationships in livestock production).





n37.  Id. at 2. Typically, a grower is not paid for animals that die on the
farm.





n38.  Id. at 1.





n39.  See Nowlin, Sustainable Production supra note 4, at 1100 (citing Eleanor
Starmer & Timothy Wise, Tufts Univ. Global Dev. and Env't Inst., Feeding at the
Trough: Industrial Livestock Firms Saved $ 35 Billion from Low Feed Prices 1
(2007), available at
http://www.ase.tufts.edu/gdae/Pubs/rp/PB07-03FeedingAtTroughDec07.pdf ("The cost
of feed is the largest component of food animal production ... . Underpriced
feed allows large meat companies to undercut smaller, diversified and more
sustainable farmers.").





n40.  See id.





n41.  See MacDonald et al., supra note 25, at 1 (discussing how changes in
technology changed economies of scale).





n42.  See Feeding the Factory Farm, Tufts Univ. Global Dev. and Env't Inst.,
http://ase.tufts.edu/gdae/policy_research/BroilerGain s.htm (last visited Feb.
25, 2015) (discussing the impact federal regulations had on industrial livestock
operators).





n43.  Id.; see also Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production supra
note 19 (discussing a change from smaller farms to larger industrial livestock
operations); but SeeMacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 21 (disputing that
structural changes in the livestock industry cannot be attributed to the effects
of commodity programs).





n44.  Adam Diamond & James Barham, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Agric. Mktg Serv.,
Moving Food Along the Value Chain: Innovations in Regional Food Distribution 3
(2012), available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC
5097957.





n45.  See Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 4 (noting the market share of
alternatively produced livestock is increasing).





n46.  See Steve Martinez et al., U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv.,
Economic Research Report No. 97, Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and
Issues 12-17 (2012), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/122868/err97_1_.pdf (discussing a growth in sales
of local produce); Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 4.





n47.  There were 8,268 farmers' markets operating in 2014, a 180% increase from
2006. Low et al., supra note 7, at 1.





n48.  Id. at 23; Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 12.





n49.  See Martinez et al., supra note 46, at iii (obesrving there is no
consensus as to what defines a locally produced food).





n50.  H.R. Rep. No. 110-256, pt. 1, at 399-400 (2007) ("The term "locally or
regionally produced agricultural food product' means any agricultural food
product that is raised, produced, and distributed in (I) the locality or region
in which the final product is marketed, so that the total distance that the
product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the product; or
(II) the State in which the product is produced.").





n51.  See, e.g., What is Local?, Purple Porch Co-op, http://www.purpleporch
coop.com/what-is-local (last visited Feb. 25, 2015) (limiting products to a
60-mile radius in order to reduce the food miles of the products it sells);
Durham Farmers' Market, http://www.durhamfarmersmarket.com (last visited Feb.
25, 2015) (requiring vendors to reside and produce their products within a
70-mile radius of the city limits); Frequently Asked Questions, Saint Michael's
Market, http://www.saintmichaelsmarket.com/about-us/faq/ (last visited Feb. 25,
2015) (limiting vendors to those within a 150-mile radius of the city).





n52.  Martinez et al., supra note 46, at 29-31 (discussing consumer preferences
for locally produced foods).





n53.  See id. (noting that consumers perceive locally produced foods to be
fresher and of higher quality than processed foods).





n54.  Id.at 4, 32 (noting that consumers consider local foods to be
environmentally sustainable).





n55.  Low et al., supra note 7, at 30; Martinez et al., supra note 46, at 29;
Adam Diamond & James Barham, Money and Mission: Moving Food with Value and
Values 1,4 J. Agric. Food Sys. & Cmty. Dev. 101, 110-12 (2011), available at
http://dx.doi.org/10.5304/jafscd.2011.014.013 (discussing importance of consumer
identification with producer); Judith D. Schwartz, Buying Local: How it Boosts
the Economy, Time (June 11, 2009), available at
http://content.time.com/time/business/article/0,8599,1903632 ,00.html
(discussing reasons why consumers buy locally); Agriculture Innovations, LLC,
Growing Healthy Food: An Economic Development Strategy for North-Central North
Carolina 30 (2010) (document on file with author).





n56.  See generally Yoko Onozaka et al., Local Food Consumers: How Motivations
and Perceptions Translate to Buying Behavior, Choices (2010), available at
http://www.farmdoc.illinois.edu/policy/choices/20101/20 10103/2010103.pdf
(explaining that "the wide spread differentiation of food offerings and venues
has allowed consumers to more carefully search out attributes that are important
to them").





n57.  See generally Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do is Illegal: War
Stories from the Local Food Front (2007); About, Animal Welfare Approved,
http://animalwelfareapproved.org/about (last visited Feb. 25, 2015).





n58.  Iwao Koizumi, Yoshihiko Suzuki, & J.J. Kaneko, Studies on the Fatty Acid
Composition of Intramuscular Lipids of Cattle, Pigs and Birds, 37 J. Nutrition
Sci. Vitaminology 545, 545 (1991).





n59.  See, e.g., Ellen K. Silbergeld et al., One Reservoir: Redefining the
Community Origins of Antimicrobial-Resistant Infections, 92 Med. Clin. N. Am.
1391, 1402-03 (2008) (concluding that antimicrobial use in food contributes to
microbial resistance in humans); Amy R. Sapkota et al., What Do We Feed to Food
Production Animals? A Review of Animal Feed Ingredients and Their Potential
Impacts on Human Health, 115 Environ. Health Perspect. 663, 668 (2007),
available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1867957/ (concluding
that use of antibiotics in animals which are consumed could lead to bacterial
resistance of antibiotics in humans); Leah Schinasi et al., Air Pollution, Lung
Function, and Physical Symptoms in Communities Near Concentrated Swine Feeding
Operations, 22 Epidemiology 208, 214 (2011) (concluding that human exposure to
air pollutants near hog operations causes acute physical symptoms); see also
MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 2, 29-35 (discussing link between use of
antibiotics in animals that are later killed for human consumption).





n60.  For more information about the environmental impacts of industrial-scale
meat production, see Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4; see also J.B.
Ruhl, supra note 4; see also MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 29-33.





n61.  For example, the National Organic Standards Board's Livestock Subcommittee
recommends an outdoor stocking rate of at least one half acre of pasture per
1,000 lb. ruminant animal unit. Nat'l Organic Standards Bd., Livestock Com.,
Recommendation, Animal Welfare 5 (2009), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5079545&acct=nosb.
Some small-scale hog farmers interviewed for this article recommend a range of
6-10 hogs per acre, depending on size and age, and only 4-6 pregnant sows per
acre. See generally MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 28 (discussing manure
application in livestock operations).





n62.  Mixed Crop-Livestock Farming: Characterization of Mixed Farms, Food &
Agric. Org. of the U.N. Agric. & Consumer Prot. Dep't (2001),
http://www.fao.org/docrep/004/Y0501E/y0501e03.htm ("The best known type of
integrated mixed farming is probably the case of mixed crop-livestock systems.
Cropping in this case provides animals with fodder from grass and
nitrogen-binding legumes, leys (improved fallow with sown legumes, grasses or
trees), weeds, and crop residues. Animals graze under trees or on stubble, they
provide draught and manure for crops, while they also serve as a savings
account.").





n63.  See N.C. Choices, Why Start a Local Meat Buying Club? (2012), available at
http://wake.ces.ncsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Meat-Buying-Club.pdf;
Nicolette Hahn Niman, The Carnivore's Dilemma, N.Y. Times (Oct. 3, 2009); see
also Ne. Reg'l Ass'n of State Agric. Experiment, Science Roadmap for Food and
Agriculture 74 (2010), available at
www.nera.umd.edu/landGrant/papers/ScienceRoadmapDraftJuly201 0.doc (statement by
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsak: "... by reconnecting consumers with
local producers, we can create new income opportunities for farmers ... and
decrease the amount of energy used to ship all over the world ... .").





n64.  Making Local Food Part of Your Holiday Traditions, Triangle Land
Conservancy,
http://www.triangleland.org/blog/entry/making-local-food-part-of-your-holiday-tr
aditions (last visited Mar. 31, 2015). See generally, American Farmland Trust,
www.farmland.org.





n65.  Many farmers interviewed for this article felt this way. In addition, see
generally Building the Capacity of Small Meat Processors: Successes and Lessons
from N.C., NC Choices and Niche Meat Processor Assistance Network Webinar (Jan.
7, 2015), https://learn.extension.org/events/1874#.VPhgkU1ASUk.





n66.  Products with an Animal Welfare Approved label must be raised on pasture
or range. See Standards, Animal Welfare Approved,
http://animalwelfareapproved.org/standards/ (stating that the "Animal Welfare
Approved" label is the only label that requires that animals have pasture
access).





n67.  7 C.F.R. § 205 (2012).





n68.  Of course, consumers must pay close attention to these claims, many of
which have no set regulatory definition and remain subject to interpretation.
For example, the term "free range" is defined by USDA, but is applicable only to
poultry, and merely requires that the birds have access to outdoors. See USDA
Food Safety and Inspection Serv., Meat and Poultry Labeling Terms (2014),
available at http://www.fsis.usda.gov/
wps/portal/fsis/topics/food-safety-education/get-answers/food-safety-fact-sheets
/food- labeling/
meat-and-poultry-labeling-terms/meat-and-poultry-labeling-terms. The
USDA-sanctioned "grass-fed" label allows animals to be fed cereal grains (but
only in the vegetative state), and allows for confinement of those animals. 72
Fed. Reg. 58,631, 58,631-37 (Oct. 16, 2007). By contrast, the American Grassfed
Association label requires that animals have a diet exclusively of grass and
forage and that these animals are raised on pasture, never confined. See Our
Standards, American Grassfed Association,
http://www.americangrassfed.org/about-us/our-standards/ (last visited May 15,
2015).





n69.  21 U.S.C. §§601 et seq. (2012).





n70.  21 U.S.C. §§603, 604. "Amenable species" is defined in the statute to
include species to which FMIA applied before a 2005 amendment ("cattle, sheep,
swine, goats, horses, mules, and other equines," Pub. L. No. 109-97 (2005)),
catfish, and "any additional species of livestock that the Secretary considers
appropriate." 21 U.S.C. § 601(w). Although not every species slaughtered for
human consumption must undergo inspection (e.g. wild game are exempt), each
individual animal from the "amenable species" must be inspected.





n71.  USA Food Safety & Inspection Serv., Celebrating 100 Years of FMIA,
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/wcm/connect/fsis-content/fsis-questionable-content/
celebrating-100-years-of- fmia/overview/ct_index? [hereinafter FSIS].





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  21 U.S.C. § 451 (1957).





n75.  SeeFSIS, supra note 71.





n76.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604 (1907) (amended 1967).





n77.  21 U.S.C. §§679c, 683.





n78.  21 U.S.C. §§683, 691-695.





n79.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604.





n80.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606; 9 C.F.R. § 381.145 (2012); 9 C.F.R. § 325.11 (2012).





n81.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606, 671; 9 C.F.R. §§500.3-500.4 (2012)





n82.  21 U.S.C. § 604.





n83.  21 U.S.C. § 607(c); 9 C.F.R. §§317.1-17.2 (2012).





n84.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a); 9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a) (2012).





n85.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a); 9 C.F.R. § 303.1 (2012).





n86.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a).





n87.  9 C.F.R. § 381.10(a)(6) (2012).





n88.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't. of Agric. Econ. Research Serv.
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 3-7 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf (discussing the
differences among various types meat processing plants). See generally Lauren
Gwin et al., USDA Econ. Research Serv., Local Meat and Poultry Processing: The
Importance of Business Commitments for Long-Term Viability, Economic Research
Report No. ERR-150 (2013).





n89.  9 C.F.R. § 424 (2012).





n90.  21 U.S.C. § 606(a) (1907) (amended 2008).





n91.  9 C.F.R. § 417 (2012). In 1996, FSIS adopted regulations requiring all
meat and poultry slaughter and processing plants to adopt a "Hazard Assessment
and Critical Control Point" (HACCP) system to reduce food safety hazards. Id.
The HACCP model requires the plant operator to identify the points, steps, or
procedures in which risks of contamination are likely to occur, and then adopt
controls or protocols to prevent or reduce those risks at that point in the
process. Id. The HACCP rule has four components: standard operating procedures
(SOPs) for sanitation, HACCP plans, generic E. coli testing, and Salmonella
performance standards. See 9 C.F.R. § 417.1 (2012).





n92.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(a) (2012).





n93.  For example, in 2010, 98% of all cattle and 99% of all pork were
slaughtered at FI facilities. USDA Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Livestock Slaughter
2010 Summary 6 (2011).





n94.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 1.





n95.  21 U.S.C. § 661(a) (2012).





n96.  Id.





n97.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't. of Agric. Econ. Research Serv.
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 5 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf.





n98.  Id.





n99.  Id.





n100.  Id.





n101.  Id. at 5.





n102.  See also Ron McKay, USDA Rural Dev. & Oregon State Univ., State Meat
Inspection Program Implementation Study 16 (2008), available at
http://fic.oregonstate.edu/sites/default/files/mcKay_ finalcdcleanA.pdf.





n103.  Meat and Poultry Inspection, North Carolina Dep't. of Agric. and Consumer
Services, http://www.ncagr.gov/meatpoultry/plant_def.htm (last visited Mar. 31,
2015).





n104.  Johnson et al., supra note 97, at 5.





n105.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606, 671 (2012); see also 9 C.F.R.§§500.3, 500.4 (2012)
(discussing inspection authorization).





n106.  The nine participating states are: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Extension,
http://www.extension.org
/pages/44457/what-are-the-nine-states-that-have-talmadge-aiken-plants#.VQs8drPF8
mU (last visited Apr. 3, 2015).





n107.  Id.





n108.  21 U.S.C. § 623 (2012). Similar restrictions exist for poultry, although
the PPIA also exempts the on-farm slaughter and processing of up to 20,000 birds
per year from inspection requirements and from prohibitions on commercial sale.
9 C.F.R. § 381.10(a)(6) (2012).





n109.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a) (2012).





n110.  Slaughtering, Cutting, and Processing, Cornell Univ. (July 7, 2012),
http://smallfarms.cornell.edu/2012/07/07/slaughtering-cutting-and-processing/.





n111.  SeeGwin et al., supra note 88, at 4, 6 n.6 (describing steps involved for
typical local meat processing and the federal regulations through which products
must pass).





n112.  9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a)(2) (2012).





n113.  Johnson et al., supra note 97, at 7.





n114.  21 U.S.C. § 642 (regarding recordkeeping procedures).





n115.  See 9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a)(2) (2012) (exempting custom slaughter that is
used exclusively by owner, his or her household, and non-paying guests).





n116.  21 U.S.C. § 683 (2012).





n117.  Cooperative Interstate Meat and Poultry Shipment Program, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal. (Nov. 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/
publications/grassrootsguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/interstate-shi
pment-of-state-inspected-meat/ [hereinafter Cooperative Interstate]; see also
Cooperative Interstate Shipment Program, USDA FSIS (June 2, 2015),
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/
portal/fsis/topics/inspection/state-inspection-programs/cis.





n118.  Cooperative Interstate, supra note 117. The twenty-seven states with
state inspection programs are Alabama, Arizona, Delaware, Georgia (meat only),
Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Minnesota, Mississippi,
Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina,
South Dakota (meat only), Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and Wyoming. FSIS, States Operating Their Own MPI Programs, USDA
FSIS, http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsis/topics/inspect
ion/state-inspection-programs/state-inspection-and-cooperative-agreements/states
-operating-their-own-mpi- programs (last visited Mar. 31, 2015).





n119.  Cooperative Interstate, supra note 117.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Id. The four participating states are Indiana, North Dakota, Ohio, and
Wisconsin.





n122.  Cooperative Interstate Shipment (CIS) Establishments, Nat'l Sustainable
Agric. Coal. (Jan. 6, 2015),
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsis/topics/inspection/s
tate-inspection-programs/cis/CIS-Establishments.





n123.  For additional perspective, SeeGwin et al., supra note 88, at 5, 9-10.





n124.  Id. at 5.





n125.  Id. at 25-26.





n126.  The surveyed sources in this section include several meat processors and
farmers from North Carolina, as well as businesses involved in North Carolina's
local meat industry. Additional information related to these interviews is on
file with the lead author.





n127.  E.g., Gwin et al, at iv.





n128.  See generally Inst. of Food Technologies, Product Tracing in Food
Systems: Executive Summary, available at
http://www.ift.org/knowledge-center/focus-areas/food-safety-and-
defense/[#x7E]/media/Knowledge%20Center/Focus%20Areas/Tracea
bility/ExecutiveSummary.pdf (last visited Apr. 1, 2015).





n129.  E.g., Gwin et al., supra note 88, at iv.





n130.  Additionally, see Agriculture Innovations, LLC, supra note 55, at 36, 47,
which notes that there is only one USDA-inspected poultry processing facility
serving small, independent farmers in North Carolina.





n131.  Phillip G. Chambers & Temple Grandin, Transport of Livestock, in
Guidelines for Humane Handling, Transport and Slaughter of Livestock (Gunter
Heinz & Thinnarat Srisuvan eds., 2001), available at
http://www.fao.org/docrep/003/x6909e/
x6909e08.htm#CHAPTER%206%20Transport%20of%20livestock.





n132.  See generally Pew Comm'n on Indus. Farm Animal Prod., supra note 19.





n133.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 18, confirm this by providing an example
of a small fee-for-service operation.





n134.  E. coli inspections (except for meat that is deboned while still hot) are
performed on chilled carcasses requiring the meat to remain in the processing
facility until fully cooled and inspected. 9 C.F.R. § 310.25 (1996). Poultry
that is not immediately cooked or frozen must be chilled to 40 degrees
Fahrenheit within a timeframe specified by regulation, but ranging from four to
eight hours. 9 C.F.R. § 381.66 (2004).





n135.  F. J. Bowater, Rapid Carcass Chilling Plants Compared to Conventional
Systems, Int. Journal of Refrigeration 3, available at
http://www.fjb.co.uk/wp-content/themes/
fjb/publications/Rapid%20Carcass%20Chilling%20vs%20Conventio nal.pdf.





n136.  Susan J. Mellage, Frequently Asked Questions about Processing and
Marketing Beef, Pork, Lamb, and Goat Meats In North Carolina and South Carolina
10 (2006), available at http://www.ncagr.gov/meatpoultry/pdf/FAQ_Marketing.pd f;
Arion Thiboumery & Kristine Jepsen, Beef and Pork Whole Animal Buying Guide 11
(2013), available at https://store.extension.iastate.edu/Product/pm2076-pdf.





n137.  See, e.g., id. at 8 ("Most processors want to know ahead of time that you
are coming with a load of animals to be processed. Ask them how much notice they
will need. Certain times of year can be busier than others (for example, many
hogs are slaughtered right before the 4th of July) so make sure you have
scheduled an appointment far enough in advance.").





n138.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n139.  Tina Prevatte, Founder, Firsthand Foods, Panel at Duke Environmental Law
and Policy Forum Symposium: Carrots and Sticks: Moving the U.S. National Food
System Toward a Sustainable Future (Jan. 23, 2015).





n140.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(c), (d)(3) (2012).





n141.  It is important to note that the processors interviewed for this article
said that they have strict protocols for traceability and that these
discrepancies result from a failure of communication rather than a mix-up of
animals.





n142.  See generally Mellage, supra note 136, at 10.





n143.  See generally Ed Jackson, USDA, Developing Market Opportunities for
Value-added Meat and Poultry Products 10 (2005), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRD3433 424 (describing how
the use of value-add processing can increase profits for meat processors,
presumably from such products as those listed above).





n144.  See 21 U.S.C. § 606(a) (2012) (requiring inspection of all meat food
products prepared for commerce in processing and similar facilities); 21 U.S.C.
§ 608 (requiring sanitary inspection of establishments in which meat food
products are prepared for commerce); 21 U.S.C. § 623(a) (requiring separation of
meat food products prepared for commerce from those prepared as custom-exempt
meat food products, which must be labeled "Not for Sale").





n145.  Jackson, supra note 143, at 10 (producers expressed a desire for more
technical assistance in producing value-added products and more access to
business planning resources).





n146.  The surveyed sources in this section include several meat processors,
farmers, and meat retailers in North Carolina. Additional information is on file
with the lead author.





n147.  Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4, at 1138. See generally Ron
Sommer, Where's the Beef? Consolidation in the Meat Processing Industry, Seeking
Alpha (June 25, 2014),
http://seekingalpha.com/article/2285523-wheres-the-beef-consolidation-in-the-mea
t-processing-industry.





n148.  Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4, at 1139 (noting that
"small-scale processing facilities have declined rapidly in number," but have
not vanished completely).





n149.  See Summary of Meat Processing Issues in Washington State, Washington
State Dep't of Agric. 1, available at
http://agr.wa.gov/FoF/docs/MeatProcessing.pdf (noting the lack of meat
slaughtering facilities available to small farmers as the industry has
consolidated).





n150.  Nowlin, supra note 4, at 1139; see Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5-7.





n151.  See NC Local Food Infrastructure Inventory, http://www.cefs.ncsu.edu/
statewide-infrastructure-map.html (last visited Mar. 4, 2015).





n152.  Id.





n153.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5. The author provides the example of a
processor saying "farmers ask me to do new things, but they don't have enough
volume to cover my costs."





n154.  Indeed, a recent feasibility study conducted in North Carolina estimated
the costs of constructing a new, humane-certified slaughterhouse with capacity
for 54 cattle (or cattle equivalent) per day to be more than $ 2 million
(including land acquisition costs), with approximately $ 300,000 for equipment
alone. Costs for an adjacent small-animal slaughter facility with the capacity
for 20,000 birds (or equivalent) per year were estimated at $ 143,000 for the
building, and $ 100,000 for equipment. Agriculture Innovations, LLC, supra note
55, at 78-92.





n155.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5; see also Kydna Curtis et al., Locally
Produced Livestock Processing and Marketing Feasibility Assessment, available at
http://cecentralsierra.ucanr.org/files/114199.pdf.





n156.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.at 5-6, 10.





n159.  These responses mimic the findings of Gwin et al., supra note 88, and are
indicative of a system in which there is the potential for insufficient
throughput to cover overhead processing and slaughter costs.





n160.  See Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 7 (stating farming in "fundamentally
seasonal").





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  Scott McFetridge, More Want Local Beef, But Fewer Want Tough Job of
Cutting It, Salt Lake Trib., (Mar. 6, 2015)
http://www.sltrib.com/home/2257632-155/few-want-the-tough-job-of.





n164.  U.S. Dep't of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics Occupational Handbook t 4
(1996).





n165.  Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2010,
Occupational Employment Statistics (May 17, 2011), http://www.bls.gov/oes/
2010/may/oes513021.htm. However, there has been a recent reversal of this trend,
with 137,050 butchers and meat cutters documented in 2014. Bureau of Labor
Statistics, Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2014, Occupational Employment
Statistics, http://www.bls.gov/oes/2014/may/oes513021.htm (last visited March
26, 2015).





n166.  Bureau of Labor Statistics, Butchers and Meat Cutters, Occupational
Outlook Handbook,
http://www.bls.gov/ooh/production/butchers-and-meat-cutters.htm (last visited
Mar. 24, 2015).





n167.  Additionally, see Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8 (confirming this).





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id. at 7-9.





n170.  Id.at 8.





n171.  Id.





n172.  Id.





n173.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't Agric. Econ. Research Serv.,
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 10 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf.





n174.  Some farmers, processors, and consumers expressed concern that fast,
automated slaughter fundamentally changes the nature of the relationship with
the animal, transforming it from a living being deserving of care and respect
into a mere commodity.





n175.  21 U.S.C. § 602 (2006); 21 U.S.C. § 451.





n176.  21 U.S.C. § 602; 21 U.S.C. § 451.





n177.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n178.  Meat and Poultry Inspection: Beef Products Contaminated With Escherichia
Coli O157:H7, 64 Fed. Reg. 11 (January 19, 1999) (to be codified 9 C.F.R. ch.
III).





n179.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n180.  Id.





n181.  See 9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011) (requiring large facilities to provide
facilities for inspectors).





n182.  See21 U.S.C. § 606 (2012), 9 C.F.R. § 300.6(b)(1) (2004) (requiring
access to facilities at all times); 9 C.F.R. § 307.4 (2012) (discussing
scheduling of processing operations); 9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011), 9 C.F.R. § 307.2
(2012) (requiring large facilities to provide separate accommodations for
inspectors (see infra note 192 and associated discussion, too)); 21 U.S.C. §
695, 9 C.F.R. § 307.5 (2012), 9 C.F.R. § 307.6 (2011), 9 C.F.R. § 391.3 (2011)
(detailing overtime hours and rates).





n183.  9 C.F.R. § 300.6(b)(1) (2004).





n184.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604; 9 C.F.R. § 307.4(a) (2011) (effective as of 2011).





n185.  9 C.F.R. § 310.1 (1985).





n186.  Industrial Meat, PBS, http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/meat/
industrial/consolidation.html (last visited Mar. 1, 2015).





n187.  9 C.F.R. § 381.67 (2012).





n188.  Anonymous, Slaughter Affidavit, Food Whistle Blower (Sept. 29, 2014),
available at
http://www.foodwhistleblower.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Affidavit-1-Redacted
_.pdf.





n189.  Id. As mentioned in earlier discussion, such a fast line speed may
decrease the thoroughness of inspection and diminish meat safety.





n190.  21 U.S.C. § 695 (2012).





n191.  9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011).





n192.  Id.; 9 C.F.R. § 307.2(k) (2012).





n193.  9 C.F.R. § 307.2(f) (2012).





n194.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d) (2011).





n195.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d)(2) (2011) ("Any request by an establishment for a
change in its work schedule involving an addition or elimination of shifts shall
be submitted to the area supervisor at least 2 weeks in advance of the proposed
change. Frequent requests for change shall not be approved: Provided, however,
minor deviations from a daily operating schedule may be approved by the
inspector in charge, if such request is received on the day preceding the day of
change.") (emphasis in original).





n196.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n197.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(c) (2011).





n198.  Id.





n199.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d)(3) (2011).





n200.  21 U.S.C. § 695 (2012).





n201.  9 C.F.R. § 391.3(a) (2011).





n202.  Niche Meat Processor Assistance Network Webinar, Building the Capacity of
Small Meat Processors: Successes and Lessons from North Carolina, N.C. Choices
(Jan. 7, 2015),
http://www.extension.org/pages/72032/building-the-capacity-of-small-meat-process
ors:-successes-and-lessons-from-north- carolina#.VPNTEsZhyGs.





n203.  Id.





n204.  9 C.F.R. § 321.1 (2012).





n205.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8 ("Large processors can earn so much for
byproducts because they operate at a large enough scale to refine different
parts into useable products and to sell in large enough volumes to access
valuable international markets.").





n206.  Id.





n207.  Daniel L. Marti et al., Where's the (Not) Meat? Byproducts from Beef and
Pork Production 1, 2 (2011), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/
147867/ldpm20901.pdf.





n208.  Id.





n209.  Id.





n210.  See id. at 6-17 (describing the United States ability to produce
byproducts in quantities above domestic demand and the consequent profit from
export of surplus).





n211.  Id.





n212.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 17.





n213.  Id.





n214.  See Nat'l Renderers Ass'n, Membership Directory (2014), available at
https://d10k7k7mywg42z.cloudfront.net/assets/53459df24f
720a5b9c0001f1/NRA2014Directory.pdf (listing, for example, only four member
companies in North Carolina).





n215.  For example, the difference in "drop" value per head between small and
large packers is approximately $ 85 for a 1200-pound steer. Agric. Innovations,
Growing Healthy Food: An Economic Development Strategy for North-Central North
Carolina 52 (Dec. 6, 2010).





n216.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 17, 30, 31.





n217.  See, e.g., Finding Capital: Financing Options for Meat Processors,
Extension,
http://www.extension.org/pages/70522/finding-capital:-financing-options-for-meat
-processors#.VNQEglXF9ew (last visited Mar. 2, 2015) (discussing public
financing options such as Tax Increment Financing, Tax Abatement, the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant, the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP)
aka Section 9007 of the Farm Bill, and the Small Business Administration's (SBA)
Certified Development Corporation ("504") Loan Program).





n218.  The surveyed sources in this section include several institutional
buyers, retailers of agricultural products, restaurants, farmers, and a
wholesaler in North Carolina. The institutional buyers represent a range of
interests, but their observations as to the supply constraints and available
processing services in the local meat market may be specific to central North
Carolina. Additional information is on file with the lead author.





n219.  Direct-to-consumer sales are those where farmers sell to household
consumers, usually at farmers' markets or on the farm itself. See generally
Farmers Market and Local Food Production Program, Nat'l Sustainable Agric.
Coal., http://sustainableagriculture.net/
publications/grassrootsguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/farmers-market
-promotion-program/ (last visited Apr. 7, 2015).





n220.  See Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 3-12 (describing the three types of
processing and explaining related supply chains).





n221.  See also id. Purchasers of commodity meat, on the other hand, focus on
price rather than origin, and generally have few difficulties obtaining adequate
volume.





n222.  See infra note 232.





n223.  See supra Section B.2 of this part.





n224.  Prevatte, supra note 139.





n225.  For pork, which is more locally abundant, the grocery store buys only the
cuts of pork that it needs.





n226. " Primal cuts" (or "primals") refers to the basic divisions into which a
carcass is separated during butchering. Further subdivisions (subprimals and
retail cuts), like steaks, are usually cut from these when selling to retail
customers.





n227.  Rosie Nold, How Much Meat Can You Expect From A Fed Steer?, iGrow (Jan.
2, 2013),
http://igrow.org/livestock/beef/how-much-meat-can-you-expect-from-a-fed-steer/.





n228.  Lauren Gwin, Arion Thiboumery & Richard Stillman, supra note 5, at i.





n229.  SeeMarti et al., supra note 207, at 6-16 (discussing production of
byproducts).





n230.  Johnson et al., supra note 23, at 17.





n231.  Jim Barham, Getting to Scale with Regional Food Hubs, USDA Blog (Dec. 14,
2010, 3:20 PM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2010/12/14/getting-to-scale-with-regional-food-hubs/
(defining food hubs as "centrally located facilities with a business management
structure facilitating the aggregation, storage, distribution, and/or marketing
of locally/regionally produced food products").





n232. " Aggregators" collect meat from multiple small farms and manage marketing
and sales of that meat under a single label. See, e.g., About Us, Firsthand
Foods, http://firsthandfoods.com/index.php?1 (last visited Apr. 17, 2015) ("We
source from a network of remarkable farmers," and "do the legwork necessary to
get a consistent selection of quality local meats into local markets.").





n233.  An MSU is defined by FSIS as a "self-contained slaughter facility that
can travel from site to site." SeeFSIS Mobile Slaughter Unit Compliance Guide,
available at http://www.fsis.usda.gov/shared/PDF/Compliance_Guide_
Mobile_Slaughter.pdf (last visited May 15, 2015).





n234.  Id.





n235.  Stephen Thompson, Going Mobile: Co-ops Operate Traveling Slaughter Units
to Help Grow Local Foods Movement, USDA Blog (Jan. 6, 2011, 11:12 AM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2011/01/06/going-mobile-co-ops-operate-traveling-slaughter
-units-to-help-grow-local-foods- movement/.





n236.  See id.





n237.  Overview of Mobile Slaughter Units (MSUs), Niche Meat Processor
Assistance Network, http://www.nichemeatprocessing.org/mobile-unit-overview
(last visited May 15, 2015).





n238.  Id.





n239.  Id.





n240.  See Johnson et al., supra note 23, at 17 ("Red meat MSUs can typically
slaughter five to ten heads of cattle, ten to twenty-five hogs, or ten to forty
sheep per day").





n241.  See Appalachian Sustainable Agric. Project, Regional Large-Animal Meat
Processing Plants: Summary of Economic Viability (Summer 2012), available at
http://asapconnections.org/downloads/asap-summary-of-economic-viability-regional
-large-animal-meat- processing.pdf (discussing businesses in the niche meat
market).





n242.  Id.





n243.  Id.





n244.  Id.





n245.  Richard Dye & David Merriman, A Tool for Local Economic Development, 18
Land Lines 2 (2006).





n246.  Finding Capital, supra note 217.





n247.  These are likely to be from private or local government entities, as the
federal government does not provide direct grant funding for business start-up
and expansion. See Grants, U.S. Small Business Admin.,
https://www.sba.gov/content/grants-0 (last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n248.  See, e.g., Business and Industry Loan Guarantee Program, USDA,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/business-industry-loan-guarantees (last
visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n249.  See, e.g., Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems &
Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants in Missouri, USDA,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-
energy-systems-energy- efficiency/mo (last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n250.  See, e.g., Certified Development Company/504 Loan Program, U.S. Small
Business Admin., https://www.sba.gov/offices/headquarters/oca/resources/5991
(last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n251.  See generally Jennifer Curtis et al., Ctr. for Envtl. Farming Sys., From
Farm to Fork: A Guide to Building North Carolina's Sustainable Food Economy
(Apr. 2010), available at
http://www.cefs.ncsu.edu/resources/stateactionguide2010.pdf.


                                3 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

Regulatory update: Arkansas Public Service Commission; Arkansas Electric
Cooperative Corporation , has submitted ( 15-076-U ) 15-076-U 57 . Joint Motion
to Dismiss filed by Entergy Arkansas, Inc. and Arkansas Electric Cooperative
Corporation. Cm

LENGTH: 5098  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Arkansas Public Service Commission has issued the following
document:



 BEFORE THE

 ARKANSAS PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF THE CITY OF FORREST CITY FOR APPROVAL OF AN
INCREASE OF THE GENERATING CAPACITY LIMIT OF A NET METERING FACILITY

 ))) ))



 DOCKET NO. 15-076-U

 JOINT MOTION TO DISMISS

 Comes Entergy Arkansas, Inc. ("EAI" or the "Company") and Arkansas Electric
Cooperative Corporation ("AECC") pursuant to Rule 3.10 of the Rules of Practice
and Procedure ("RPPs") of the Arkansas Public Service Commission ("APSC" or the
"Commission"), and for their Joint Motion to Dismiss, state as follows:

 1. On February 17, 2017, the City of Forrest City ("Forrest City") filed the
Direct Testimony of Mark Rangel. Mr. Rangel's testimony included the following:

 Q. IN YOUR OPINION, WILL THE CITY'S PROPOSED 2,451 KW SOLAR PV PROJECT PROVIDE
COST SAVINGS TO THE CITY?

 A. Yes, there are local and Federal incentives that the City qualifies for
which will allow the City to buy down the system cost. Than [sic] through a
Public Private Partnership (P3), the City can enter a long term agreement to buy
energy at a lower energy rate than from their current provider.1

 1 Rangel Direct Testimony at 6.

 1

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 2. On February 20, 2017, EAI served its Third Set of Data Requests on Forrest
City, which is attached as Joint Motion Exhibit A.

 3. On March 3, 2017, EAI filed the Surrebuttal Testimony of D. Andrew Owens.
Mr. Owens responded to Mr. Rangel's description of a "Public Private Partnership
(P3)" as follows:

 Second, Mr. Rangel points to various "local and Federal incentives that the
City qualifies for which will allow the City to buy down the system cost." Mr.
Rangel then goes on to highlight some type of "public-private partnership"
arrangement, from which I can only surmise he is referring to a long-term power
purchase agreement ("PPA") that would be between the City and some other entity.
I would note that Mr. Rangel does not address the potential legality of such an
arrangement in Arkansas or how such an arrangement would be permissible under
the APSC Net-Metering Rules. Mr. Rangel then summarizes two sources of potential
funding ( the aforementioned ANRC and now the U.S. Department of Agriculture) as
well as the 30 percent Federal Investment Tax Credit and accelerated
depreciation ("MACRS"), which he notes could be available through the
public-private partnership (i.e., the long-term PPA)....2

 4. On March 7, 2017, Forrest City responded to EAI's Third Set of Data
Requests. EAI Data Request 3-9 and Forrest City's response are copied below:

 2 Owens Direct Testimony at 20-21.

 2

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 9. On page 6, lines 7-9, Mr. Rangel refers to "a Public Private Partnership
(P3)." Please describe in detail what is meant by this term, and whether it
contemplates a purchase power agreement whereby the City would purchase
solar-generated power from a third-party owner of the facility. Additionally,
please address whether it is the City's position that entering into "a long term
agreement to buy energy at a lower energy rate than from their current provider"
is consistent with the net-metering policy in Arkansas.

 Response:

 A. The Public Private Partnership (P3) would be a special purpose entity (SPE).
Forrest City, awarded project developer, and develop' s [sic] 3rd party
financier would form an entity to own and operate the solar project. Forrest
City would gain equity in the SPE by leasing the land to the SPE. The developer
and 3rd party financier would gain equity into the project by providing project
development services and construction financing for the SPE.

 B. Please see attached or click here to see National Renewable Energy
Laboratory (NREL) white paper that explains Renewable Energy Project Finance.

 Forrest City's response describes a proposed arrangement that includes the
creation of a separate legal entity that would own the proposed net-metering
facility, financing by third-party "tax equity" investors and others, and
contractual arrangements that would include a long-term PPA whereby an SPE
presumably would sell the output from the project back to Forrest City (or
others), which would be obligated to purchase the energy generated by the solar
facility for a defined period of time at a specified price.

 3

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 5. On March 8, 2017, the Commission issued Order No. 10 in Docket No. 16-027-R.
With regard to the definition of "net-metering customer," the Commission adopted
the statutory definition - "an owner of a net-metering facility."3 The
Commission also concluded:

 The Commission further agrees with Staff's position that the owner of the net
metering facility must also be a customer of the utility and that net metering
may not include joint ownership of net metering facilities for purposes beyond
offsetting the net metering customer's individual usage. Staff's discussion of
this issue in response to Question 2 in Staff's Initial Brief is persuasive and
well-reasoned.4

 6. On March 10, 2017 at 8:08 a.m., Forrest City timely filed surrebuttal
testimony of Mark Rangel confirming the City's position regarding ownership by
and the purchase of energy from a third-party owner through a PPA. Mr. Rangel
supported the City's proposed "P3" as the vehicle to claim cost savings and
public policy benefits:

 The public (in the case the community of Forrest City) would benefited in the
savings the City would achieve if they entered a Power Purchase Agreements (PPA)
that would sell energy to City at a fixed rate of $0.04 - $0.05/kWh verse to
continue to buy energy at a $0.057/kWh rate has a potential to escalate at an
average historical rate of 1.8%.5

 3 Docket No. 16-027-R, Order No. 10 at 46.

 4 Id. at 45-46.

 5 Rangel Surrebuttal Testimony at 4.

 4

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 This model does not include Federal Investment Tax Credit or Modified
Accelerated Depreciation (combined both tax incentives is referred to as Tax
Equity) participation which could be consumed by a third party financier. The
City and third party financier would enter into solar power purchase agreement
(PPA) is a financial agreement where a developer arranges for the design,
permitting, financing and installation of a solar energy system on a customer's
property at little to no cost. The developer sells the power generated to the
host customer at a fixed rate that is typically lower than the local utility's
retail rate. This lower electricity price serves to offset the customer's
purchase of electricity from the grid while the developer receives the income
from these sales of electricity as well as any tax credits and other incentives
generated from the system. PPAs typically range from 10 to 25 years and the
developer remains responsible for the operation and maintenance of the system
for the duration of the agreement. At the end of the PPA contract term, a
customer may be able to extend the PPA, have the developer remove the system or
choose to buy the solar energy system from the developer.6

 Mr. Rangel's contention of public policy benefits based on economics was
dependent on a third-party ownership and PPA arrangement.

 7. On March 10, 2017 at 4:25 p.m., Forrest City untimely filed new testimony
that was labeled "amended" surrebuttal testimony of Mr. Rangel. No motion was
submitted for permission to file this testimony after the noon deadline
established by Order No. 5, and the filing was not in the form of errata, did
not explain why an amended filing was necessary, and did not offer any reason
for failing to meet the noon deadline. The late-filed testimony of Mr. Rangel
included about 13 pages that outline eight options for possibly structuring
Forrest City's proposed net-metering facilities.7 While the third-party
ownership and PPA

 6 Id. at 7-8.

 7 Rangel Amended Surrebuttal Testimony at 5-18. 5

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 arrangement appears on the list of options, none of them clearly indicate an
option involving Forrest City ownership of the project.

 8. As proven by the direct and amended surrebuttal testimonies of Mr. Mark
Rangel, as well as Forrest City's Responses to EAI's Third Set of Data Requests,
Forrest City does not qualify for net-metering as it fails the threshold
qualification of "ownership" under AREDA. Plainly stated, if Forrest City is not
the owner of the facility, Forrest City cannot net-meter. If Forrest City cannot
net-meter, then Forrest City's Amended Petition must be dismissed as there is no
relief to be granted in this docket.

 9. Mr. Rangel's amended surrebuttal testimony advanced several potential
arrangements, all of which rest on a third-party owner of the facility. There
are other, non-net-metering statutory provisions that also require dismissal.
For example, before selling energy to retail customers through a PPA, the SPE
would need to be rate regulated pursuant to Ark. Code Ann. § 23-1-101(B)(i) and
required to obtain certificates of convenience and necessity pursuant to Ark.
Code Ann. § 23-3-201(a). Even if certified as a "public utility" subject to APSC
jurisdiction, the SPE or any third-party owner would be precluded from selling
electricity in another public utility's allocated service territory pursuant to
Ark. Code Ann. § 23-18-101(a).

 6

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 10. The current status of the record in this docket supports dismissal of this
matter in that Forrest City will not be able to obtain the relief it seeks, i.e.
approval for net-metering status and additionally for a net-metering facility
that exceeds 300 kW in capacity. Such relief is not available if Forrest City
cannot meet the threshold showing of proof that it will own the net-metering
facility as required by Ark. Code Ann. § 23-18-603(5).

 11. In light of Forrest City's late-filed testimony that presents numerous
options and new material not described in any prior Forrest City filings, Joint
Movants additionally request suspension of the evidentiary hearing scheduled to
begin at 9:30 am on March 16, 2017 until such time that the Commission rules on
this Joint Motion.8 Such a suspension will allow for the filing of responses and
replies to the Joint Motion within the time periods permitted under Rule 3.10 of
the Commission's RPPs.

 8 Joint Movants emphasize that this Motion is filed on the first business day
following Forrest City's filing of two versions of surrebuttal testimony by Mr.
Rangel, which testimony confirmed the necessity for this Motion and the request
for suspension of the hearing on March 16, 2017. 7

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 WHEREFORE, for the forgoing reasons, EAI and AECC respectfully request that the
Commission suspend the hearing scheduled to begin on March 16 and grant their
Joint Motion to Dismiss, and all other relief to which Joint Movants are
entitled.

 Respectfully submitted,

 ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

 By /s/ N. Wesley Hunt

 N. Wesley Hunt

 Senior Counsel

 Entergy Services, Inc.

 425 W. Capitol Ave., 28th Floor

 Little Rock, Arkansas 72201

 Telephone: (501) 377-4303

 nhunt1@entergy.com

 Tucker Raney

 Assistant General Counsel

 Entergy Services, Inc.

 P. O. Box 551

 Little Rock, AR 72203

 Telephone: (501) 377-3500

 Scott Trotter

 Trotter Law Firm, PLLC

 425 W. Capitol Ave, Ste. 216

 Little Rock, Arkansas 72201

 Telephone: (501) 353-1069

 -AND- 8

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 ARKANSAS ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE CORPORATION

 By /s/ John T. Elkins

 John T. Elkins

 Ark. Bar No. 2006158

 Associate General Counsel

 Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation

 1 Cooperative Way

 Little Rock, Arkansas 72209

 Telephone: (501) 570-2146

 E-Mail: John.Elkins@aecc.com

 Jennifer L. Loiacano

 Ark. Bar No. 2016222

 Staff Attorney

 Arkansas Electric Cooperative

 Corporation

 Telephone: (501) 570-2187

 E-Mail: Jennifer.Loiacano@aecc.com

 9

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I, N. Wesley Hunt, do hereby certify that a copy of the foregoing has been
served upon all parties of record by forwarding the same by electronic mail
and/or first class mail, postage prepaid, this 13th day of March 2017.

 /s/ N. Wesley Hunt

 N. Wesley Hunt

 10

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 BEFORE THE

 ARKANSAS PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF THE CITY OF FORREST CITY FOR APPROVAL OF AN
INCREASE OF THE GENERATING CAPACITY LIMIT OF A NET METERING FACILITY

 ))))

 DOCKET NO. 15-076-U

 JOINT MOTION EXHIBIT A

 FORREST CITY RESPONSE TO EAI THIRD SET OF DATA REQUESTS

 MARCH 7, 2017

 11

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 BEFORE THE

 ARKANSAS PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF

 )

 THE CITY OF FORREST CITY FOR

 )

 DOCKET NO. 15-076-U

 APPROVAL OF AN INCREASE OF THE

 )

 GENERATING CAPACITY LIMIT OF A NET

 )

 METERING FACILITY

 )

 ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC. 'S THIRD SET OF DATA REQUESTS

 TO THE CITY OF FORREST CITY

 Comes now the City of Forrest City Arkansas and provides the following
Responses to Interrogatories and Requests for Production of Documents ("Data
Requests") to the City of Forrest City ("Forrest City or City"). Written
responses to these Data Requests are due within fifteen (15) calendar days of
service hereof, as set forth below.

 Date Served: February 20, 2017

 Response Due: March 7, 2017

 Referencing Direct Testimony and Exhibits of Mark Rangel filed February 17,
2017:

 1. On page 4, lines 5-6, Mr. Rangel states that he has testified before the
Public

 Utility Commission of Texas. Please provide the docket number, date(s), subject
matter, and copies of Mr. Rangel's testimonies, exhibits, workpapers, and
hearing transcripts, as applicable.

 Response: Mr. Rangel provided public comment to the Texas Public Utility
Commission (TX PUC) in Feb 2009 pertaining to Texas' renewable portfolio
standard. A records request has been made to TX PUC, if records are located
we'll submit them to APSC.

 2. On page 4, line 16, please describe in detail what Mr. Rangel means by
"Community Solar."

 Response: Please see links below and attached National Renewable Energy
Laboratory publications (white papers) pertaining to the definition of
"Community Solar":

 a. NREL: State and Local Governments - Community Solar

 b. A Guide to Community Solar: Utility, Private, and Non-profit .

 c. Shared Solar: Current Landscape, Market Potential, and the Impact of Federal
Securities Regulation

 a. Additional Resources: The following tools and resources about community
solar may be helpful.

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 1 of 9

 12

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 i. Model Rules for Shared Renewable Energy Programs, a website published by the
Interstate Renewable Energy Council (IREC) ii. Shared Solar Program Catalog, an
online IREC tool iii. Community Solar Scenario Tool, a recorded webinar
presented by NREL's Solar Technical Assistance Team iv. Community and Shared
Solar, a website published by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Energy
Efficiency & Renewable Energy v. Utility Community Solar Handbook, published by
the Solar Electric Power Association. vi. Community Solar: NREL's Working Group
on Community Solar Gardens meeting transcript, March 5, 2015 a. Community Solar:
NREL Decision-Makers Working Group meeting transcript, February 17, 2015

 3. On page 5, line 3, please describe the specific evidence Mr. Rangel believes
establishes that the City's proposed solar projects "reduces our collective
dependence on fossil fuel."

 Response:

 A. Solar power systems derive clean, pure energy from the sun. Installing solar
panels for Forrest City will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and reduces their
collective dependence on fossil fuel. Traditional electricity is sourced from
fossil fuels such as coal and natural gas. When fossil fuels are burned to
produce electricity, they emit harmful gases that are the primary cause of air
pollution and global warming. Given the low greenhouse gas emissions from solar
power, increasing its adoption is an essential strategy in efforts to combat
climate change at an individual and national level.

 B. The key word in Mr. Rangel's testimony pertaining to the above question is
"reduce". Forrest City uses energy 24 hours per day 365 days around the year.
Some of their energy use will have to come from the grid when their usage is
outside the solar photovoltaic window.

 C. The Life-cycle greenhouse-gas emissions of solar power are in the range of
22 to 46 gram (g) per kilowatt-hour (kWh) depending on if solar thermal or solar
PV is being analyzed, respectively. With this potentially being decreased to 15
g/kWh in the future.[76] For comparison (of weighted averages), a combined cycle
gas-fired power plant emits some 400-599 g/kWh,[77] an oil-fired power plant 893
g/kWh,[77] a coal-fired power plant 915-994 g/kWh[78] or with carbon capture and
storage some 200 g/kWh, and a geothermal high-temp. power plant 91-122
g/kWh.[77] The life cycle emission intensity of hydro, wind and nuclear power
are lower than solar's as of 2011 as published by the IPCC, and discussed in the
article Life-cycle greenhouse-gas emissions of energy sources. Similar to all
energy sources were their total life cycle emissions primarily lay in the
construction and transportation phase, the switch to low carbon power in the
manufacturing and transportation of solar devices would further reduce carbon
emissions. BP Solar owns two factories built by Solarex (one in Maryland, the
other in Virginia) in which all of the energy used to Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 2 of 9

 13

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 manufacture solar panels is produced by solar panels. A 1-kilowatt system
eliminates the burning of approximately 170 pounds of coal, 300 pounds of carbon
dioxide from being released into the atmosphere, and saves up to 105 gallons of
water consumption monthly.[79]

 The US National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), in harmonizing the
disparate estimates of life-cycle GHG emissions for solar PV, found that the
most critical parameter was the solar insolation of the site: GHG emissions
factors for PV solar are inversely proportional to insolation.[80] For a site
with insolation of 1700 kWh/m2/year, typical of southern Europe, NREL
researchers estimated GHG emissions of 45 gCO2e/kWh. Using the same assumptions,
at Phoenix, USA, with insolation of 2400 kWh/m2/year, the GHG emissions factor
would be reduced to 32 g of CO2e/kWh.[81]

 D. Please see links below to Entergy and Woodruff's fuel source portfolio:

 a. Entergy

 b. Woodruff - see table 5 on page 47

 4. On page 5, lines 4 and 5, please describe what "new businesses that focus on
renewable energy projects" will be attracted to Arkansas. Specifically, please
cite any empirical study to verify the theory that one solar project such as
that proposed by the City will lead to the location in Arkansas of businesses
that focus on renewable energy projects.

 Response:

 A. Net metering provides substantial statewide economic benefits in terms of
jobs, income and investment. Net metering increases demand for solar energy
systems, which in turn creates jobs for the installers, electricians, and
manufacturers who work in the solar supply chain. Today, the solar industry
employs nearly 174,000 American workers in large part due to strong state net
metering policies which have allowed the solar industry to thrive. -reference
Solar Energy Industry Association (SEIA)

 1 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 3 of 9

 14

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 5. On page 5, line 12, please provide the specific date(s), time(s), and
service locations in which "The City has experienced brownouts and blackouts
throughout the year."

 Response:

 A. This question should be directed at the retail electric provider, they
should have the data.

 6. On page 5, lines 15-16, please describe in detail what is meant by "The
solar PV system interconnected to the substation have the ability to provide
voltage and frequency stability because the output of the inverters is cleaner
(phase-to-phase Voltage) than the Voltage that is being transported long
distance which experiences congestion from nodal loads in between the power
source and the load at the City." Specifically, please cite any empirical study
that verifies the theory in such sentence.

 Response:

 A. Please click here to view a (Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers) IEEE white paper titled - Photovoltaics in the utility distribution
system: The evaluation of system and distributed benefits

 B. Please click here to view a (Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers) IEEE white paper titled - Optimum location of resources in
distributed planning

 7. On page 5, lines 20-21, please provide the basis for the values provided in
the

 Annual Environmental Savings Results portrayed in Exhibit 3 to Mr. Rangel's
testimony.

 Response:

 A. Please click here to view the link to Source: United States Environmental
Protection Agency's Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator

 8. On page 6, lines 4-5, Mr. Rangel refers to "THE CITY'S PROPOSED 2,451 KW
SOLAR PV PROJECT." However, the first exhibit to Mr. Rangel's testimony appears
to be a printout entitled HelioScope Annual Production Report showing the
project that would interconnect to Entergy Arkansas, Inc. as having a module DC
nameplate capacity of 1.99 MW and an inverter AC capacity of 1.52 MW. Please
describe in detail why there appears to be a discrepancy.

 Response:

 A. Mr. Rangel changed the system size so that the system would not over produce
more energy than Forrest City uses per Mr. Cotton's Billing Analysis for
Woodruff and Entergy for kwh 2014.

 9. On page 6, lines 7-9, Mr. Rangel refers to "a Public Private Partnership
(P3)." Please describe in detail what is meant by this term, and whether it
contemplates a purchase power agreement whereby the City would purchase
solar-generated power from a third-party owner of the facility. Additionally,
please address whether it is the City's position that entering into "a long term
agreement to buy Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 4 of 9

 15

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 energy at a lower energy rate than from their current provider" is consistent
with the net-metering policy in Arkansas.

 Response:

 A. The Public Private Partnership (P3) would be a special purpose entity (SPE).
Forrest City, awarded project developer, and develop' s 3rd party financier
would form an entity to own and operate the solar project. Forrest City would
gain equity in the SPE by leasing the land to the SPE. The developer and 3rd
party financier would gain equity into the project by providing project
development services and construction financing for the SPE.

 B. Please see attached or click here to see National Renewable Energy
Laboratory (NREL) white paper that explains Renewable Energy Project Finance.

 10.On page 6, lines 11-17, Mr. Rangel refers to the "Arkansas Natural Resource

 Commission (ANRC)." Has the City made a specific request for funding to the

 ANRC? If yes, please provide a copy of the application, all correspondence
between the City and ANRC, and the current status of the City's application.

 Response: The City of Forrest City has previously provided said documents. The
City hereby attaches as an exhibit

 11.On page 6, lines 19-20, Mr. Rangel refers to the "USDA - Rural Utilities
Service Water & Wastewater Disposal Programs." Has the City made a specific
request for funding to the USDA? If yes, please provide a copy of the
application, all correspondence between the City and USDA, and the current
status of the City's application.

 Response:

 A. The program is USDA Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy
Systems & Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants. The grant funds 20% of
project cost up to $500k. We have not applies yet because we need to understand
final system design.

 12.On page 7, lines 4-5, Mr. Rangel states that "At this point in the
development process we cannot perform a financial analysis due to the fact is
that we don't have a ruling from the Arkansas Public Service Commission." Please
explain in detail why the City was able to perform a cost-benefit analysis in
late 2015 in the absence of a ruling from the Commission and why such analysis
cannot be updated.

 Response:

 A. We need to understand the solar PV system size that the APSC approves before
we can run a financial analysis.

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 5 of 9

 16

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 13.On page 7, lines 7-9, please describe in detail what is meant by "We are
confident that we can provided a levelized cost of energy that is more
competitive that the City's current energy (kWh) rate tariff."

 Response:

 A. Please see attached or click here to see National Renewable Energy
Laboratory (NREL) white paper that explains Levelized Cost Of Energy.

 14.On page 7, lines 18-29, please provide the basis for the various estimates
and address the following questions:

 a. How do these estimates relate to the overall cost of the two proposed solar
projects?

 Response:

 A. Roughly 30% of total project cost.

 b. Has the City prepared updated cost estimates for each of the two proposed
solar projects?

 Response:

 A. No. Not until we need to understand the solar PV system size that the APSC
approves. Mr. Rangel estimates the project cost between $5M - $6M, based on
Woodruff system size being 1.5 MWDC and Entergy system size being 1.99 MWDC.

 c. If the City has not prepared updated cost estimates, please explain how the
City was able to prepare the various estimates included on page 7, lines 18-29
of Mr. Rangel's testimony.

 Response:

 A. Cost were based on Mr. Rangel estimates the project cost between $5M - $6M,
based on Woodruff system size being 1.5 MWDC and Entergy system size being 1.99
MWDC.

 d. If the City has prepared updated cost estimates, please explain in detail
why the City "cannot perform a financial analysis" at this time.

 Response:

 A. We need to understand the solar PV system size that the APSC approves before
we can run a financial analysis.

 e. What is meant by "One full time facility service halftime personnel for 25
years." Is the City suggesting that one "full time" person will be required? Or
one "halftime" person? What is the title of this person? What services is this
person expected to perform for the City? Does the City expect to hire this
person or promote or transfer an existing City employee? What is the estimated
annual labor cost including all overheads for this position?

 Response:

 A. The system will require a fulltime service technician ($20k/year) and a part
time helper ($15k). OSHA requires two employees when electrical work is
performed. Both employees will be employed by the owner of the project the SPE.

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 6 of 9

 17

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 f. Please reconcile Mr. Rangel's projection of the employee(s) needed by the
City related to the two proposed solar projects and earlier statements made in
testimony and discovery responses by Mr. Murdock referring to 2.5 full-time
equivalent employees needed for "post construction ongoing maintenance and
monitoring for the life of the project."

 Response: The City's estimate earlier was based upon information available
prior to the testimony of Clark Cotton. The City initially was seeking to design
a system that was larger than the system that the Staff recommended. The number
of employees has been adjusted as the size has been adjusted.

 15.On page 9, line 5, Mr. Rangel refers to the "Entergy Proposes PV System
Size:

 1.52 MWAC." Please discuss in detail whether or not the City is now proposing a
smaller project than what the City described in its Amended Application filed
with the Arkansas Public Service Commission on November 10, 2015.

 Response:

 A. Mr. Rangel changed the system size so that the system would not over produce
more energy than Forrest City uses per Mr. Cotton's Billing Analysis for
Woodruff and Entergy for kwh 2014

 Revised system sizes:

 Entergy - 1.52 MWAC

 Woodruff - 1.24 MWAC

 16.If the City is now proposing smaller solar projects than was described in
the City's Amended Application filed on November 10, 2015, please describe in
detail why? Please describe in detail at what point in time the City made the
decision to reduce the size of the two proposed solar projects?

 Response:

 A. The original system size was designed for future growth of Forrest City's
energy usage. Mr. Rangel changed the system size so that the system would not
over produce more energy than Forrest City uses per Mr. Cotton's Billing
Analysis for Woodruff and Entergy for kwh 2014

 Revised system sizes:

 Entergy - 1.52 MWAC

 Woodruff - 1.24 MWAC

 Respectfully submitted,

 CITY OF FORREST CITY, ARKANSAS.

 By /s/ Andre K Valley

 423 Rightor Street, Suite #2

 Helena-West Helena, AR 72342

 Telephone (870) 338-6487 x2

 andrekvalley@gmail.com

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 7 of 9

 18

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I, Andre K. Valley, do hereby certify that a copy of the foregoing has been
served upon all parties of record by forwarding the same by electronic mail
and/or first class mail, postage prepaid, this 7th day of March 2017.

 /s/ Andre K Valley

 Andre K Valley

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 8 of 9

 19

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57

 Joint Motion Exhibit A

 Docket No. 15-076-U

 Page 9 of 9

 20

 APSC FILED Time: 3/13/2017 3:17:24 PM: Recvd 3/13/2017 3:16:28 PM: Docket
15-076-U-Doc. 57



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 5 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2016 The University of Montana School of Law
                               Montana Law Review

                                  Summer, 2016

                               Montana Law Review

                              77 Mont. L. Rev. 367

LENGTH: 10624 words

ESSAY: CONSERVATION EASEMENTS & RENEWABLE ENERGY: WHY CONSERVATION VALUES SHOULD
EMBRACE WIND AND SOLAR

NAME: Lindsey W. Hromadka*

BIO: * Lindsey West Hromadka is an Attorney practicing in Kalispell, Montana.
She would like to thank Peter Schlemmer and her former Renewable Energy
professor Sam Paneralla for their help in the writing and editing process. Also,
a big thank you to the Flathead Land Trust who took her in as a legal intern and
showed her the land trust ropes.

TEXT:
 [*367]

   I. Introduction

 Conservation easements have emerged as arguably one of the most effective
private conservation tools employed by landowners, nonprofit organizations, and
government agencies. n1 The rise in the use of conservation easements has
coincided with the development of wind and solar production, which have grown
exponentially over the last few decades, both in the commercial and residential
realms. n2 Conservation easements and energy production are not typically
perceived as having cooperative or synchronous goals since traditional energy
development requires disturbing the environment, whereas a conservation
easement's purpose is to permanently protect resources on the property. n3 Thus,
these two competing interests have historically been pitted against one another.
n4

   Renewable energy, however, presents a solution to the competition between the
desire to be environmentally conscious and the need for energy to power our
lives. Environmental groups have recognized the low impact of renewable energy
on the environment and, "because of concern about the potentially devastating
impacts of climate change," they have "expressed general support for expansion
of renewable energy." n5 Renewable energy production, specifically wind and
solar energy, and conservation easements have harmonious goals and should be
employed together in an effort to conserve lands, reduce emissions, and create a
sustainable future. Given the potentially enormous tax incentive associated with
conservation easements, n6  [*368]  this article argues the relevant Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) regulations that control whether or not a conservation
easement is deductible should be amended to expressly allow for and encourage
wind and solar energy production.

   Part II provides background on conservation easements. Part III discusses
solar and wind energy production. Part IV lays out the current state of
interaction between conservation easements and renewable energy, including
environmental concerns and easements as mitigation tools in commercial-scale
projects. Part V proposes that the IRS amend the current definition of
"conservation purposes" found at 26 U.S.C. § 170(b) and in the applicable
Treasury Regulations to allow for renewable energy production. Anticipating the
IRS' hesitancy to enact this proposal or an alternative proposal, the IRS should
expressly provide that renewable energy production is not an "inconsistent use"
within the purposes of conservation easements. Additionally, the IRS should not
amend its policies to allow for commercial-scale solar and wind development on
property encumbered by conservation easements; rather, the amended language
referenced above should only apply to residential use. And finally, Part VI
concludes by emphasizing the role tax policy can play in the fight against
climate change.

   II. Conservation Easements

   A. Background & History

 Conservation easements are legally binding agreements that maintain the current
state of the property's baseline condition at the time the easement was enacted
in perpetuity by limiting certain uses and preventing development of the land.
n7 A private landowner can donate or sell the easement, often for significant
tax benefits if certain requirements are met. n8 A public agency or a private
organization, typically a land trust, holds the easement and is tasked with
monitoring the land annually to enforce the landowner's promise not to exercise
the rights forfeited by the easement. n9

    [*369]  The idea that landowners can retain certain rights to their property
while extinguishing others in their "bundle of rights" is rooted in English
common law, which informed the U.S. legal system. n10 Conservation easements
emerged with this idea in mind, motivated by a desire to "protect land for
future generations while allowing owners to retain many private property rights
and to live on and use their land." n11 Landowners donate or sell conservation
easements to protect their land for a variety of reasons, including preservation
of important natural areas, wildlife habitat, water resources, and open space.
n12

   The first land trust in the United States, the Trustees of Public
Reservations, was established in 1891 in Massachusetts, but the Nature
Conservancy nationalized the acquisition of private lands for conservation
purposes in the 1950s. n13 The Uniform Law Commission drafted the Uniform
Conservation Easement Act in 1981, which has been adopted by 22 states and the
District Of Columbia. n14 However, all 50 states have adopted enabling statutes
that strengthen the legal status of conservation easements by "removing the
common law impediments to the creation and validity of conservation easements."
n15 Thus, the conservation easement movement has been evolving for more than 30
years and is growing rapidly; the acreage protected by conservation easements
nearly doubled between 2000 and 2010, from 24 million acres to 47 million acres.
n16

   B. Tax Considerations

   1. Qualified Conservation Contribution

 The financial advantages associated with tax deductions can act as a
significant incentive for landowners to donate their rights to develop their
land by entering into a conservation easement. n17 Although state property and
income tax reductions are available in some states, the most impactful  [*370]
tax benefit to the landowner is federal. n18 The Internal Revenue Code (the
"Code") allows landowners to deduct the value of the "qualified conservation
contribution" from the taxpayer's income or from the estate for a set number of
years. n19 Current law allows landowners to deduct the value of the donated
conservation easement up to 50% of their taxable income for 15 years. n20 If the
majority of the landowner's income is from agricultural operations, then the
value could be deducted up to 100 percent of their income. n21 Thus,
conservation easements can play a significant role in estate planning,
especially for farmers and ranchers. n22

   Because tax benefits play such a huge role in incentivizing landowners to
enter into conservation easements, the law regarding conservation easements
closely resembles applicable IRS regulations. n23 The Code specifies that only
"qualified conservation contributions" are deductible. n24 Qualified
conservation contributions must be: "[1] of a qualified real property interest,
[2] to a qualified organization, and [3] exclusively for conservation purposes."
n25

   A "qualified real property interest" means the landowner has the entire
interest of the property plus a remainder interest and has contracted to
perpetually restrict the way in which the property may be used through the
conservation easement. n26 Many states n27 allow for term easements, which are
conservation easements that only last a set amount of years, but private
organizations and landowners must be aware that the IRS will not grant the
deduction for an easement that does not encumber the land forever. n28 A
"qualified organization" is either a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization
established for the sole purpose of preserving land (usually known as a land
trust), or a government body. n29

[*371]

   2. Conservation Purposes & Inconsistent Uses

 The easement must be granted "exclusively for conservation purposes." n30 The
regulations list five specific conservation purposes that qualify:



    [1] the preservation of land areas for outdoor recreation by, or the
education of, the general public,

   [2] the protection of a relatively natural habitat of fish, wildlife or
plants, or similar ecosystem,

   [3] the preservation of open space (including farmland and forest land) where
such preservation is

   [a] for the scenic enjoyment of the general public, or

   [b] pursuant to a clearly delineated Federal, State or local governmental
conservation policy, and will yield a significant public benefit o

   [4] the preservation of an historically important land area or a certified
historic structure. n31



    The IRS uses an "inconsistent use" test when deciding if the easement is
used exclusively for conservation purposes. n32 An inconsistent use is a use of
the property that is in conflict with the conservation purposes. Because the use
could potentially harm a conservation interest, the IRS disallows the deduction
if an inconsistent use is found. n33 The regulations give several examples of
inconsistent uses, such as the use of pesticides when the purpose of the
easement is to maintain wildlife habitat, or building a single home on a 90-acre
parcel when the purpose of the easement is to conserve the scenic view. n34
Inconsistent uses are permitted only where they are "necessary for the
protection of the conservation interests that are the subject of the
contribution." n35

   The Treasury regulations applicable to the charitable tax deduction for
conservation easements do not discuss solar or wind energy production, nor are
they included in any of the examples given to provide insight for practitioners.
n36 However, the regulations do discuss subsurface oil, gas and mineral rights
by specifying that when such rights are not included in the gift, the landowner
will not be able to take advantage of the deduction because the easement will
not be considered exclusively for conservation purposes. n37 The regulations
specify that although the landowner may not engage in "any method of mining that
is inconsistent with the particular conservation  [*372]  purposes" of the
conservation easement, "a deduction under this section will not be denied in the
case of certain methods of mining that may have limited, localized impact on the
real property but that are not irremediably destructive of significant
conservation interests." n38 For example, the regulations provide a tax
deduction would not be denied for production facilities "concealed or compatible
with existing topography and landscape and when surface alteration is to be
restored to its original state." n39

   III. Renewable Energy

 Renewable energy has dramatically increased in the United States energy
portfolio. In 1980, less than 0.25% of U.S. energy came from renewable sources
not including hydropower, but by 2010, non-hydro renewable power comprised 4% of
U.S. energy production. n40 From 2005 to 2014, wind production rose from
approximately 17,000 Mwh to approximately 180,000 Mwh, 10 times itself, and
photovoltaic solar ("PV") grew by 1,000 times - by far the two fastest growing
renewable energy technologies in the U.S. n41

   A. Solar

 PV energy converts solar energy to electric energy through photovoltaic cells.
n42 There are two types of PV systems. n43 The most common is a flat-plate
module, which uses panels to respond to either direct or diffuse sunlight. n44
Fixed flat-plate modules are lightweight and do not require extra equipment. n45
The second type of PV system is a concentrator PV system, which uses less solar
cell material than flat-plate modules but can be significantly more expensive
because of the tracking technology required. n46 Residential solar panels can be
rooftop panels or an independently constructed panel in the vicinity of the
residence. Commercial-scale solar farms require  [*373]  multiple massive panels
spread over the land. The cost of solar has dropped to 1% of what it was 40
years ago, making it more affordable to landowners and small business owners.
n47

   Solar energy development presents two problems in the context of conservation
easements. First, residential-scale PV panels and concentrator systems are often
thought of as unsightly, which could detract from "scenic view" purposes; a
relevant consideration only if that is one of the conservation purposes in the
conservation easement. This unsightly characteristic has caused litigation in
the nuisance arena and has led to many residential covenants banning solar
panels. n48 Second, solar needs a significant amount of land; scientists
estimate one mere megawatt of installed solar capacity requires several acres.
n49 Thus, if the easement's conservation purpose is open space for scenic
enjoyment, preservation of land for outdoor recreation and/or natural habitat
for wildlife, plants, and other ecosystems, the IRS could likely deny the tax
benefit because these uses require open and pristine land free from obvious
obstructions. Because commercial-scale solar energy production requires a great
deal of land, whereas residential-scale production does not (in fact the solar
energy production can be a part of the residence itself), this article argues
two different solutions for commercial-scale and residential-scale solar energy
production included in conservation easements in Part V.

   B. Wind

 Charles F. Brush developed the first windmill to generate electricity in 1888
in Cleveland, Ohio. n50 From that time until 2014, more than 60,000 MWs of wind
energy capacity have been installed in the U.S. n51 Wind power works by
converting the natural wind in our atmosphere into mechanical energy and then
into electricity. n52 Commercial-scale wind turbines have three blades, which
sit on a steel tubular tower up to 325-feet tall and can be seen from miles
away. n53 Wind turbines for residential-scale production are  [*374]  typically
80-feet tall, which is "about twice the height of a neighborhood telephone
pole." n54 To power an average American home, the wind turbine has five
kilowatts of capacity with a base diameter of approximately 18 feet. n55 Wind
turbines need a site with unobstructed access to wind, and require a significant
amount of land to comply with the relevant "setback rules and practical
realities" of wind energy production, such as siting, setbacks, and necessary
installation of roads. n56

   Given that wind energy production requires a great deal of space, yet only
five percent of the land is actually covered by wind turbines, farms and ranches
are an ideal setting for wind farms. n57 Landowners can substantially increase
their income by allowing wind turbines on their land while farming operations on
the rest of their land are relatively unaffected. n58 Moreover, the federal
government subsidizes wind energy production on agricultural lands by providing
guaranteed loan financing and grant funding to agricultural producers to
purchase and install renewable energy systems. n59

   The federal government also encourages landowners to conserve working
agricultural lands through the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program
("ACEP"), which prevents "conversion of productive working lands to
non-agricultural uses." n60 The Natural Resources Conservation Service "may
contribute up to 50 percent of the fair market value of the agricultural land
easement." n61 In 2014, the ACEP program facilitated 485 conservation easements,
resulting in the protection of more than 140,000 acres across the U.S. n62 ACEP
conservation easements, as well as non-ACEP conservation  [*375]  easements,
aided in the Fish and Wildlife Service's recent decision not to list the Greater
Sage Grouse as endangered or threatened. n63

   C. Green Power

 The Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") classifies green power as "a subset
of renewable energy ... that provides the highest environmental benefit." n64
The EPA categorizes solar, wind, biogas, biomass, low-impact hydro, and
geothermal built within the last 15 years as "green power" because they produce
no fossil fuels and they generate electricity with a superior environmental
profile. n65 The EPA's Green Power initiative is significant because it enhances
the argument that conservation purposes can be consistent with wind and solar
production.

   IV. Current State of Interaction Between Renewable Energy & Conservation
Easements

 Today, the landscape for residential-or commercial-scale solar or wind
production on conserved lands seems to be hesitant at best and prohibitive at
worst. n66 Environmentalists fear mass solar and wind energy development will
inevitably lead to a "transformation of the landscape" and they caution against
"blanketing the earth with panels and turbines as a means to save it." n67
However, the land trust community as represented through the Land Trust
Alliance, the credentialing body for land trusts in the U.S., has recognized the
need for clean, renewable energy and has committed to evaluating wind and solar
projects on a case-by-case basis: "Land trusts help align conservation with
clean energy by identifying resources that should be protected, as well as sites
that are suitable for solar and wind generation." n68 This approach seems
suitable for commercial-scale renewable energy development in new easements, but
it is not sufficient for residential conservation easements where landowners
simply want the ability to produce their  [*376]  own energy. Moreover, this
case-by-case approach does not address the more than 100,000 easements already
in existence. n69

   A. Amending Easements

 Amending conservation easements in any fashion is generally strongly
discouraged because the IRS views amendments as threatening the perpetual nature
of the easement. n70 The Uniform Conservation Easement Act gives a court the
power to modify a conservation easement "in accordance with the principles of
law and equity." n71 The drafters of the Uniform Conservation Easement Act
acknowledge a perpetual restriction on property can fail its conservation
purposes because of changed conditions, such as due to weather or unforeseen
circumstances, and thus allow for the changed condition doctrine. n72 The common
law changed condition allows a court to amend or terminate a conservation
easement when "changed conditions in and around the property have frustrated the
servitude's purpose or created an undue hardship on the owner of the land." n73
The American Law Institute ("ALI") encourages courts to approach the
modification of conservation easements according to the charitable trust
doctrine of cy pres. n74 If a charitable trust fails of its purposes because the
charity is imposible, inexpedient, or impracticable, a court will apply cy pres
to substitute a different charity  [*377]  that approaches the oringinal
charitable purpose as close as possible. n75 The Uniform Act does not directly
address the charitable trust doctrine; however, the drafters agree with the ALI
that the "existing case and statute law of adopting states as it relates to ...
the enforcement of charitable trusts" should apply to conservation easements.
n76

   Land trusts typically allow amendments to conservation easements to fix
typographical errors or other minor technical mistakes and amendments that
enhance the conservation purposes, such as adding more restrictions to the
easement. n77 Any other amendment will likely receive high scrutiny. n78 The
hesitancy behind modifying an easement lies in allowing an inconsistent use and
obviating the conservation purpose of the conservation easement. n79
Additionally, land trusts fear the impact an amendment can have on the tax
considerations of their 501(c)(3) non-profit tax status. n80 If a land trust
allows a landowner to amend the conservation easement and the IRS finds the
landowner received any kind of pecuniary benefit, the land trust is in jeopardy
of losing its tax-exempt status. n81 If a land trust lost its 501(c)(3) status,
it would most likely be ineligible to continue operations, as most states
require the private organization holding the conservation easement be a
certified 501(c)(3) non-profit. n82 Moreover, while some states allow
conservation easements to be amended as any other easement, others require court
approval and attorney general participation for an amendment that "'materially
detracts from the conservation value' of the protected property." n83

   The IRS and land trusts would almost certainly reject the modification of
conservation easements to allow for commercial-scale renewable energy
production. This is especially true because a renewable energy project  [*378]
would create impermissible private benefit through royalties by "conveying a net
financial gain (more than incidental private benefit) to any private party." n84
If the landowner agreed to take no royalties from the wind energy production,
the organization holding the conservation easement would have to carefully
scrutinize the conservation purposes to see if the wind farm would be consistent
with said purposes. n85

   On the other hand, residential-scale solar or wind production: 1) is on a
much smaller scale, usually requiring solar rooftop panels or one 80-foot-tall
windmill; n86 2) would be an incidental private benefit because it only benefits
the landowner's electric needs; n87 and 3) is far more likely to be amenable
than commercial-scale, for-profit renewable energy production. Although
residential-scale energy production would save the landowner money in the long
run by allowing them to produce their own energy, the IRS would likely find this
benefit as "incidental" and thus, acceptable. n88 Additionally, land trusts
would be less hesitant to approve an amendment allowing for residential energy
production because it serves a conservation purpose by promoting clean energy
production and energy independence. n89 Although commercial-scale solar and wind
energy achieve the same clean energy goals, the financial incentive to
landowners paired with the potential detrimental effects of large energy
production on conserved land would most likely disqualify an amendment allowing
industrial energy production. n90

   B. Environmental Concerns

 Understanding why land trusts are hesitant to allow for solar and wind
production on conservation easement lands necessitates a look at the
environmental concerns associated with commercial-scale energy projects. Solar
and wind have their own unique issues; however, common to both are concerns
about wildlife and habitat destruction, open space considerations, and the
impossibility of preserving land in its natural state.

[*379]

   1. Wildlife

 Wind turbines present many environmental issues in the context of conservation
easements. n91 For example, turbines are known to cause a significant amount of
premature deaths of birds and bats, although the actual numbers are
controversial. n92 Moreover, commercial-scale wind farms cause widespread
habitat interruption because they require thousands of acres for the necessary
infrastructure to operate the farms. n93 A host of environmental laws are
implicated by commercial-scale wind energy production, such as the Migratory
Bird Treaty Act, the Endangered Species Act, and the National Environmental
Policy Act. n94 The controversy between wind energy production and wildlife
death and habit destruction has prompted U.S. Fish and Wildlife to promulgate
voluntary guidelines for wind energy development. n95 The wind industry is also
invested in addressing wildlife concerns by founding, for example, the American
Wind Wildlife Institute, a partnership between wind energy industry leaders,
wildlife management groups, and science and environmental groups to document the
impacts of wind energy on wildlife and create cutting edge solutions to minimize
those impacts. n96

   Likewise, commercial-scale solar development directly and indirectly
threatens wildlife through habitat destruction caused by fugitive dust and dust
suppressants, impacts of intstalling roads and off-site construction, and
increased noise. n97 Moreover, the heavy impact of construction activities in
the desert can cause burrow collapse, which has the potential to trap and kill
subterranean animals. n98 Many of the environmental concerns arise from the
[*380]  nature of solar energy projects, which require large land areas to
harness sunlight. n99

   2. Open Space & Scenic Preservation

 Because of the large land area required, solar production also presents issues
related to open space and scenic preservation. The same can be said for wind
production, which needs thousands of acres of pristine areas with high wind
potential, such as the plains in Texas and North Dakota. n100 Wind turbines'
great height also potentially alters scenic views, whereas the necessary
infrastructure of the operations can potentially destroy the open space
character of land.

   C. The Tax Code & Commercial-Scale Renewable Energy

 Commercial-scale wind and solar do not fit within the majority of conservation
purposes established by the Code because of the potential adverse impacts to
wildlife and significant land use requirements. n101 However, the Code
specifically allows for the preservation of open space "pursuant to a clearly
delineated Federal, State, or local governmental conservation policy, [which]
will yield a significant public benefit." n102 The federal government, in its
quest to promote green energy and combat climate change evinced by enacting the
Clean Power Plan n103 and classifying wind and solar production as "green
energy," n104 should thus promulgate a clear policy that commercial-scale wind
and solar production, if built, maintained and operated according to best
practices, should fall under this safe-harbor in the Code. The projects would
still have to preserve open space, which is possible if they are sited with the
awareness to preserve open space scenic views, or if the commercial project is
limited to a small land area. The regulations provide a "general declaration of
conservation goals by a single official or legislative body is not sufficient."
n105 However, where a state has created an Environmental Trust and accepts land
according to an intensive review, it will essentially create a rebuttable
presumption that the land qualifies for the deduction. n106  [*381]  To
illustrate this conservation purpose, the regulations provide that farmland
preserved pursuant to a state program for flood prevention and control would be
sufficient. n107

   On November 10, 2015, the Department of the Interior and the State of
California announced the final environmental review of the Desert Renewable
Energy Conservation Plan ("DRECP"). n108 The DRECP is an innovative plan, which
looks at the landscape as a whole by providing protection and conservation for
wildlife, recreation, and cultural resources in the California desert while
encouraging streamlined renewable energy development in the right places. n109
If this policy were to clearly state commercial-and residential-scale wind and
solar farms are allowed on land encumbered by conservation easements, this would
most likely pass the IRS's strict deduction guidelines. n110

   Renewable energy advocates should take the initiative and focus on lobbying
federal, state or local governments to pass clear policy legislation that would
satisfy the IRS's requirements.

   D. Conservation Easements as Mitigation Tools for Commercial-Scale Solar and
Wind Development

 Conservation easements can be used as mitigation tools for all types of
commercial-scale energy projects, including renewable energy. n111 However,
these conservation easements are different than the easements discussed
throughout this paper. The easements are not donated, but are instead tools
employed by renewable energy developers to offset the adverse environmental
impacts of the wind or solar farm. n112 The protected land is often off-site,
which can allow for enhanced conservation, but can also ignore the habitat
destruction and wildlife displacement on-site by shifting the focus to the
off-site protected land. n113 Local governments can be given substantial
deference in enacting laws that require conservation easements as  [*382]
mitigation tools. n114 Land use law merely requires exacted conservation
easements bear a "reasonable relationship" to the development of the area and
the resulting disruption caused by the farms. n115

   V. Incorporating Solar and Wind Development as Activities Expressly
Authorized by Conservation Easements
 with the Help of the IRS

 The inherent conflicts existing between conservation goals and renewable energy
production demand the IRS clarify the tax consequences of allowing for wind or
solar production in conservation easements. Without an official IRS stance, both
land trusts and landowners will not entertain clean energy production on
conservation easement lands for fear of a disallowed tax deduction. However,
residential green power production and commercial green power production should
be handled differently.

   A. IRS Regulations: Residential

 When solar and wind production are consistent with conservation values on
conservation easement lands, the IRS should find residential solar and wind
fulfill the independent conservation purpose of allowing for clean energy
production to enable U.S. energy independence and to mitigate the negative
effects of climate change. Residential energy production should be defined as
only allowing for as many solar panels or wind turbines that would power the
existing structures on the property, as well any potential buildings allowed in
the reservation of rights in the conservation easement. Further, each specific
conservation easement should delineate where on the property the wind turbine or
solar panels are allowed through attached exhibits, such as within 100 feet of
the residence or other suitable place that would not disturb other conservation
purposes. The regulations promulgated by the IRS should be consistent with the
EPA's "green power" definition of wind and solar as zero-polluters. n116 It is
imperative, however, that each conservation easement is drafted on a
case-by-case basis (as is already the norm) specifically with a renewable energy
production goal in mind. For example, if the property is across the road from a
national park, n117 a  [*383]  wind turbine would be less appropriate. Solar
rooftop panels, however, would be acceptable because they would be consistent
with the scenic preservation purpose since the panels are on the existing
structure and therefore do not distract from the view.

   Moreover, if a conservation easement's purpose is for preservation of outdoor
recreation, such as a trail system, solar panels would be more appropriate
because they would not deter from the trail scenery or disrupt the wildlife,
which a wind turbine would be more likely to do. A wind turbine would be more
appropriate if the residence is a historic building and there are acceptable
out-of-sight areas allowing for significant wind channels. Additionally, wind
turbines and solar panels are equally appropriate on farms where conservation
easements are in place because wind allows for multiple uses of the land, and
solar panels on the rooftop of a residence do not detract from the agriculture
purpose of the easement.

   Alternatively, if the IRS is hesitant to directly issue affirmative
regulations concerning residential use of wind and solar, the IRS should not
categorize the production as an "inconsistent use." n118 It can do this by
simply including an example addressing wind and/or solar production, or or by
issuing a Revenue Ruling. n119 By explaining that residential wind and solar
production will not be viewed as an inconsistent use, the Code can incentivize
easement holders and land trusts to allow for the production of clean energy,
thereby fostering an environmentally conscious policy. Whichever option the IRS
chooses, it should follow the EPA's lead and encourage green energy production,
especially when great efforts are going to be needed in the next decade for
states to adequately comply with the Clean Power Plan. n120 Although
commercial-scale wind and solar farms will arguably allow for greater impact on
climate change than residential-scale wind and solar, this policy should only go
so far as to encourage energy production on conservation easement lands that
would more likely than not disturb the conservation purposes.

[*384]

   B. IRS Regulations: Industry

 The significant environmental concerns commercial wind and solar projects
potentially pose make it unlikely these projects will be allowed on conserved
lands, unless the federal government or states promulgate policies expressly
establishing that wind and solar energy production serve an important
conservation purpose. However, commercial solar and wind projects can mitigate
the adverse impacts on the environment with conservation easements, regardless
if they are used on-site or off-site.

   Commercial-scale wind and solar projects should not be able to obtain
conservation easements on land where they intend to build large-scale projects.
First, assuming commercial-scale wind and solar projects were classified as an
independent conservation purpose so as to promote clean energy and reduce the
adverse impacts of climate change, this would be in direct conflict with the
perpetual nature of conservation easements because these projects have
expiration dates and typically only function on a 15 to 25-year lease. n121
Second, assuming the renewable energy company owned property encumbered by a
conservation easement, should for-profit companies receive the benefit of a
tax-deductible property purchase? The policy answer is not very clear. On the
one hand, we should reward our corporations for engaging in the conservation
process. But the benefit of the tax deduction could very possibly inure to the
shareholders creating an impermissible inurement, which will likely not be
viewed as "incindental" and thus acceptable. n122 Although clean energy
production can significantly benefit the environment and the economy, the
prospect of always allowing for-profit production that could compromise
principles inherent in conservation easements is too great of a gamble.
Additionally, the company will most likely not be able to overcome the great
hurdle of private inurement, which prevents the tax deduction under the Code.

   C. Draft Language for Residential Conservation Easements

 New conservation easements should be drafted with the following language to
allow landowners to reserve the right to pursue energy independence and
establish residential wind and/or solar production:



    Wind: Landowner hereby reserves the right to purchase, construct and erect
one (1) wind turbine up to eighty-feet-tall (80 ft.) and eighteen (18) feet in
diameter for the sole purpose of creating electricity for landowner's use. The
pursuit of clean energy goals is consistent with the conservation values
expressed  [*385]  in this Easement by reducing the threat of climate change.
Landowner's intent of this reservation is to achieve energy independence, which
may result in an incidental and insignificant financial benefit, but is
nonetheless consistent with the exclusive conservation purposes of this
Easement.

   Solar: Landowner hereby reserves the right to purchase, construct and erect
solar photovoltaic panels either as roof-top panels or as two (2) free-standing
panels within 100-feet (100 ft.) of the residence for the sole purpose of
creating electricity for landowner's use. The pursuit of clean energy goals is
consistent with the conservation values expressed in this Easement by reducing
the threat of climate change. Landowner's intent of this reservation is to
achieve energy independence, which may result in an incidental and insignificant
financial benefit, but is nonetheless consistent with the exclusive conservation
purposes of this Easement.



    The prescriptive language is necessary for two reasons. First, this
specificity in the reservation of rights assists land trusts in monitoring the
easements annually to make sure landowners are not in violation of the
conservation easement terms. Second, the strict language increases the chances
the landowner's deduction will be approved because the IRS will know exactly
what is allowed in the future and where it is allowed to occur. Existing
easements should only attempt to amend and add this language if they truly
intend on pursuing wind or solar energy production on their property.

   Alternatively, new easements should include the following amendment language,
which the IRS will review upon its acceptance of the easement property as a
"qualified conservation contribution." n123 Landowners might prefer an amendment
allowing for renewable energy instead of an outright reservation because,
although they may not be planning on renewable energy production, they recognize
their heirs, successors, and assigns should have the opportunity. Additionally,
land trusts that desire to encourage residential renewable energy production in
all of their easements may choose to adopt amendment language specifically
addressing the topic. New language, shown in italics below, and the subsequent
IRS approval will easily allow landowners to take advantage of the amendment
process by pointing to the intent and language in the easement itself:



    If circumstances arise under which an amendment to or modification of this
Easement would be appropriate, such as for the production of solar and/or wind
production for the purpose of generating green energy to power the residence and
property, consistent with the Conservation Values, Landowner and Holder may
jointly amend this Easement; provided that no amendment shall be allowed that
will affect the qualifications of this Easement under any applicable laws. Any
amendment must be consistent with the conservation purposes of this Easement,
must not affect its perpetual duration, and either must enhance, or must have no
effect on, the Conservation Values which are protected by this Easement.
Furthermore, any amendment must not result in  [*386]  prohibited inurement or
private benefit to Landowner or any other parties. Any Easement amendment must
be in writing, signed by both parties, and recorded in the Public Records of
County. n124



    If a landowner is certain he or she will want to produce wind or solar
energy, he or she should insert one of the above reservation clauses in their
easement. If a landowner might want to install renewable energy at some point in
the future, he or she should still expressly reserve the option. The amendment
clause is merely a tool land trusts can use to promote renewable energy
production. Similarly, landowners can use the clause if they have no intention
of wind or solar production, but have foresight about the perpetual nature of
the easement.

   VI. Conclusion

 Tax regulations and policy can play a pivotal role in encouraging clean energy
production and enabling energy independence. Although land trusts and landowners
might be willing to amend an easement or convey a new one allowing for wind and
solar production, only the IRS can help these stakeholders sleep better at night
knowing their transaction will achieve the tax and conservation goals as
intended. By promoting tax policies that align with the EPA's green power policy
and the Obama administration's push to combat climate change, the federal
government can make substantial progress in encouraging conservation and sound
energy policy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawConservationGeneral OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawSolar &
Biomass IndustriesEnergy & Utilities LawTransportation & PipelinesEasements &
Rights of Way

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Gerald Korngold, Conservation Easements and the Development of New
Energies: Fracking, Wind Turbines, and Solar Collection, 3 La. St. U. J. of
Energy L. & Resources 101, 102 (2014).





n2.  Id.





n3.  Land Trust Alliance, What You Can Do: Benefits for Landowners,
landtrustalliance.org, https://perma.cc/4V5S-SLUP (last visited Nov. 17, 2015).





n4.  See generally Jacob P. Byl, Conserving a Place for Renewable Power, 29 J.
Envtl. L. & Litig. 303 (2014).





n5.  Amy Wilson Morris & Jessica Owley, Mitigating the Impacts of the Renewable
Energy Gold Rush, 15 Minn. J.L. Sci. & Tech. 293, 297 (2014).





n6.  See Elliott G. Wolf, Simultaneously Waste and Wasted Opportunity: The
Inequality of Federal Tax Incentives for Conservation Easement Donations, 31
Stan. Envtl. L. J. 15, 317 ("With respect to income tax, donors can claim the
fair market value of the easement at the time of the donation as a charitable
deduction of up to fifty percent of their taxable income in a given year ... by
comparison, for ordinary charitable donations, donors can only deduct a maximum
of thirty percent of their taxable income.") (emphasis added).





n7.  Byl, supra note 4, at 307.





n8.  Id. at 308-309.





n9.  The Nature Conservancy, Conservation Easements: What Are Conservation
Easements?, nature.org, https://perma.cc/AKF5-YPJH (last visited Oct. 29, 2015);
see also Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(g)(5)(ii) (2009).





n10.  The Nature Conservancy, supra note 9.





n11.  Id.





n12.  26 U.S.C. § 170(h)(4)(A) (2015); Katie Chang, 2010 National Land Trust
Census Report 2 (Rob Aldrich & Christina Soto eds., 2011), available at
https://perma.cc/TM49-WSHH.





n13.  Korngold, supra note 1, at 101 n.1.





n14.  Unif. Law Comm'n, Conservation Easement Act, uniformlaws.org,
https://perma.cc/H7CA-ANS6 (last visited Nov. 1, 2015).





n15.  Nancy A. McLaughlin, Rethinking the Perpetual Nature of Conservation
Easements, 29 Harv. Envtl. L. Rev. 421, 426 (2005).





n16.  Chang, supra note 12, at 5; but see also National Conservation Easement
Database, conservationeasement.us, https://perma.cc/2VT4-M4LC (last visited Nov.
7, 2015) (reporting only 23.3 million acres protected as of July, 2015).





n17.  Byl, supra note 4, at 308.





n18.  Id. at 308-309; see also e.g., Mont. Code Ann. § 76-6-208 (2015) (allowing
property to be taxed based on the "restricted purposes for which the property
may be used").





n19.  26 U.S.C. § 170(b)(1)(E) (2015).





n20.  Id.





n21.  Id.





n22.  Byl, supra note 4, at 309.





n23.  Id.





n24.  26 U.S.C. § 170(h)(1).





n25.  Id.





n26.  Id. § 170(h)(2).





n27.  See e.g., Mont. Code Ann. § 76-6-202; Tex. Parks & Wild. Code Ann. §
84.004; S.D.C.L. § 1-19B-57; Ala. Code § 35-18-2; Wis. Stat. Ann. § 700.40; etc.





n28.  26 U.S.C. § 170(h)(2)(C).





n29.  Id. § 170(h)(3).





n30.  Id. § 170(h)(1)(C).





n31.  Id. § 170(h)(4)(A).





n32.  I.R.S., Conservation Easement Audit Techniques Guide 27 (2012); see also
Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(e)(2)-(3) (2008).





n33.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(e)(2)-(3); I.R.S., supra note 32, at 21.





n34.  Treas. Reg.§§1.170A-14(e)(2), (f).





n35.  Id. § 1.170A-14(e)(3).





n36.  Id.





n37.  Korngold, supra note 1, at 115-116.





n38.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(g)(4)(i).





n39.  Id.





n40.  Byl, supra note 4, at 312.





n41.  U.S. Energy Info. Admin., Electric Power Monthly with Data for September
2015 table 1.1.A. (2d ed. 2015) (note: numbers are updated periodically; these
reflect the latest numbers before this article went to print.).





n42.  Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, Photovoltaic System
Basics, Energy.gov (Aug. 20, 2013), https://perma.cc/58DG-EWC7 [hereinafter
Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, PV System].





n43.  Id.





n44.  Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, Flat-Plate Photovoltaic
System Basics, Energy.gov (Aug. 20, 2013), https://perma.cc/33BR-KGAR
[hereinafter Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, Flat-Plate].





n45.  Id.





n46.  Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy, Concentrator Photovoltaic
System Basics, Energy.gov (Aug. 20, 2013) https://perma.cc/ATS3-WS79.





n47.  U.S. Dept. of Energy, Get Your Power from the Sun: A Consumer's Guide 3
(Dec. 2003), available at https://perma.cc/2MAN-7J4A ("Although PV now costs
less than 1% of what it did in the 1970s, the amortized price over the life of
the system is still about 25 cents per kilowatt-hour").





n48.  See e.g. Faler v. Haines, 104 A.D.3d 1120 (N.Y. App. Div. 2013); Byl,
supra note 4, at 313.





n49.  Union of Concerned Scientists, Solar Power Plants: Large-Scale PV,
ucsusa.org, https://per ma.cc/BA5K-ZNVN (last visited Apr. 22, 2016).





n50.  See Mr. Brush's Windmill Dynamo, 63 Sci. Am. 384, 389 (1890), available at
https://perma.cc/BE5Z-2BCE.





n51.  Am. Wind Energy Ass'n, Wind Energy Facts at a Glance, AWEA.org,
https://perma.cc/H8UU-KHX9 (last visited Nov. 7, 2015).





n52.  Am. Wind Energy Ass'n, Wind 101: The Basics of Wind Energy, AWEA.org,
https://perma.cc/G26F-4GQT (last visited Nov. 7, 2015) [hereinafter American
Wind Energy Ass'n., Wind 101].





n53.  Id.





n54.  Am. Wind Energy Ass'n., FAQs for Small Wind Systems, AWEA.org,
https://perma.cc/A7X3-B4U5 (last visited Nov. 7, 2015) [hereinafter American
Wind Energy Ass'n, FAQs].





n55.  Id.





n56.  Id.; Byl, supra note 4, at 313.





n57.  Shane Thin Elk, The Answer is Blowing in the Wind: Why North Dakota Should
Do More to Promote Wind Energy Development, 6 Great Plains Nat. Resources J.
110, 114 (2001) (citing Sidney Borowitz, Farewell Fossil Fuels: Reviewing
America's Energy Policy 151 (Plenum Press 1999) ("Wind power production requires
a great deal of space. Because of the turbulence created by the rotating blades,
the machines have to be placed between 150-300 meters apart. An efficient wind
farm must have at least 100 of these machines.").





n58.  Id. at 114-115 (quoting Howard A. Learner, Cleaning, Greening, and
Modernizing the Electric Power Sector in the Twenty-first Century, 14 Tul.
Envtl. L.J. 277, 297 (2001) ("farmers can often increase their incomes by 50% or
more")).





n59.  USDA, Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems & Energy
Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants, rd.usda.gov, https://perma.cc/X7YC-RZEB
(last visited Nov. 15, 2015).





n60.  USDA, Natural Res. Conservation Serv., Agricultural Conservation Easement
Program, nrcs.usda.gov, https://perma.cc/8DU5-HEY9 (last visited Nov. 17, 2015).





n61.  Id.





n62.  USDA, Natural Res. Conservation Serv., NRCS Conservation Programs,
nrcs.usda.gov, https://perma.cc/9B4J-C7S4 (last visited Nov. 17, 2015).





n63.  Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 12-Month Finding on a
Petition to List Greater Sage-Grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus) as an
Endangered or Threatened Species, 80 Fed. Reg. 59858, 59872-59873 (Oct. 2, 2015)
(finding "Conservation efforts ... were deemed complete and effective at
addressing the primary threats ... examples of these projects include
conservation easements").





n64.  EPA, Green Power Market, EPA.gov, https://perma.cc/A2EJ-76QF (last visited
Nov. 7, 2015).





n65.  Id.





n66.  See e.g., Land Trust Alliance, Emerging Issues, Landtrustalliance.org,
https://perma.cc/CS9H-LDFM (last visited Nov. 8, 2015) (giving the following
example: "Sometimes, the claim is made that new transmission lines are necessary
to deliver power from new sources of renewable energy, such as solar and wind
farms. However, careful analysis is required to determine whether proposed lines
would actually advance renewable energy.").





n67.  Julian Spector, The Environmentalist Case Against 100% Renewable Energy
Plans, CityLab (July 20, 2015), https://perma.cc/3GM8-JDNM.





n68.  Land Trust Alliance, supra note 66.





n69.  National Conservation Easement Database, supra note 16.





n70.  I.R.S., supra note 32, at 16 (stating "The restriction on the use of the
real property must be enforceable in perpetuity ... .An easement is not
enforceable in perpetuity if it allows amendments that change the nature of the
restrictions imposed on the property.").





n71.  Nat'l Conference of Comm'rs on Unif. State Law, Uniform Conservation
Easement Act 7 (2007).





n72.  Id. at 7-8.





n73.  Daniel P. Harvey, Conservation Easements and the Doctrine of Changed
Conditions: A Comparative Analysis of the New York and Arkansas Statutes, 18
Buff. Envtl. L.J. 267, 273 (2011) (quoting Jeffrey A. Blackie, Note,
Conservation Easements and the Doctrine of Changed Conditions, 40 Hastings L.J.
1187, 1188 (1989)).





n74.  Harvey, supra note 73; Nat'l Conference of Comm'rs on Unif. State Law,
supra note 71, at 8; see also 3 Restatement of Property: Servitudes § 7.11
(2000): A conservation servitude held by a governmental body or conservation
organization may not be modified or terminated because of changes that have
taken place since its creation except as follows: (1) If the particular purpose
for which the servitude was created becomes impracticable, the servitude may be
modified to permit its use for other purposes selected in accordance with the cy
pres doctrine, except as otherwise provided by the document that created the
servitude. (2) If the servitude can no longer be used to accomplish any
conservation purpose, it may be terminated on payment of appropriate damages and
restitution. Restitution may include expenditures made to acquire or improve the
servitude and the value of tax and other government benefits received on account
of the servitude. (3) If the changed conditions are attributable to the holder
of the servient estate, appropriate damages may include the amount necessary to
replace the servitude, or the increase in value of the servient estate resulting
from the modification or termination. (4) Changes in the value of the servient
estate for development purposes are not changed conditions that permit
modification or termination of a conservation servitude.





n75.  Mark S. Dennison, Circumstances Warranting Application of Cy Pres Doctrine
to Modify Terms of Charitable Trust, 88 Am. Jur. Proof of Facts 3d 469, § 2
(updated Apr. 2016).





n76.  Nat'l Conference of Comm'rs on Unif. State Law, supra note 71, at 9
(emphasis added).





n77.  Allan Beezley, Amending Conservation Easements, cclt.org,
https://perma.cc/L8WQ-6GZ8 (last visited Nov. 8, 2015).





n78.  See Land Trust Alliance, Amending Conservation Easements: Evolving
Practices and Legal Principles 17-18 (2007), available at
https://perma.cc/42JU-PAPQ.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Beezley, supra note 77; see also 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(3) (2012); Treas. Reg.
§ 1-501(c)(3)-1 (WestlawNext through July 2, 2014).





n81.  26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(3) (stating that "no part of the net earnings of which
inures to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual").





n82.  See e.g., Mont. Code Ann. § 76-6-204 (2015) (titled "Acquisition of
conservation easements by qualified private organizations") (emphasis added);
N.C. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 113A-235; Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 12-61-724; Ky. Rev.
Stat. Ann. § 262.900; see also Land Trust Alliance, supra note 78, at 13.





n83.  Nancy A. McLaughlin and Jeff Pidot, Conservation Easement Enabling
Statutes: Perspectives on Reform, Utah L. Rev. 811, 830 (2013); Land Trust
Alliance, supra note 78, at 26 (quoting Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 477-A (2015).





n84.  Land Trust Alliance, supra note 78, at 25 (emphasis omitted).





n85.  See Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14 (2009).





n86.  U.S. Dept. of Energy, Solar Systems for Exisint Residential Intallations
(2009), available at https://perma.cc/WHW4-U52F; Am. Wind Energy Ass'n, FAQs for
Small Wind Systems, awea.org,
http://www.awea.org/Issues/Content.aspx?ItemNumber=4638&navItemNumber=727 (last
visited Apr. 22, 2016).





n87.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-1, 4(e)(1) (2008).





n88.  Id.§§1.170A-14(e)(1)-(2) ("A deduction will not be denied under this
section when incidental benefit inures to the donor merely as a result of
conseration restrictions limiting the uses to which the donor's property may be
put ... [or] if under the circumstances, those uses do not impair significant
conservation purposes.).





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  See e.g., Cassie Tigue, Note, Wind Energy Development and Protection of
Wildlife: Creating a Balance Between Two Competing Interests, 45 Tex. Envtl.
L.J. 223 (2015).





n92.  Id. at 224; see e.g., Inst. for Energy Research, License to Kill, Wind and
Solar Decimate Birds and Bats, http://instituteforenergyresearch.org (Apr. 29,
2015), https://perma.cc/LE3H-7466 (stating that "Every year 573,000 birds
(including 83,000 raptors) and 888,000 bats are killed by turbines - 30 percent
higher than the federal government estimated in 2009.").





n93.  Tigue, supra note 91, at 225; see also Howard G. Wilshire, Jane E. Nielson
& Richard W. Hazlett, The American West at Risk: Science, Myths and Politics of
Land Abuse and Recovery 342 (2008) (stating that "A 200-unit wind farm with
56-foot rotor diameters built on steep slopes, and including turbine pads,
access roads, and transmission facilities, physically disturbs 210 acres of
land.").





n94.  Tigue, supra note 91, at 225-238.





n95.  Id. at 238-239; see also U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv. Wind Turbine
Guidelines Advisory Comm., Wind Turbine Guidelines Advisory Committee
Recommendations i, (2010), available at https://perma.cc/2CCH-W2LC.





n96.  Am. Wind Energy Ass'n, Wind Energy is Beneficial to Wildlife; Industry
Proactively Addresses Impacts, awea.org, https://perma.cc/B2N7-KW74 (last
visited Dec. 2, 2015); Am. Wind Wildlife Inst., Who We Are, awwi.org,
https://perma.cc/FA63-ERLV (last visited Dec. 2, 2015).





n97.  Jeffrey E. Lovich & Joshua R. Ennen, Wildlife Conservation and Solar
Energy Development in the Desert Southwest, United States, 61 BioScience 982
(2011).





n98.  Lovich & Ennen, supra note 97, at 97.





n99.  Tigue, supra note 91, at 225; see also Mark Jaffee, NREL Determines Land
Area Needed for Solar Power, Denv. Post (Aug. 4, 2013),
https://perma.cc/5GHW-22SN (estimating 32 acres of solar arrays needed to power
one thousand families).





n100.  Tigue, supra note 91, at 225 (quoting Ernest E. Smith et al., Texas Wind
Law ch. 10 (Matthew Bender 2014)).





n101.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(d)(4)(ii) (2009).





n102.  26 U.S.C. § 170(h)(4)(A)(iii)(II) (2012).





n103.  EPA, Factsheet: The Clean Power Plan, Renewable Energy in the Clean Power
Plan, available at https://perma.cc/7BPW-KG3V.





n104.  See EPA, supra note 64.





n105.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(d)(4)(iii)(A).





n106.  Id. § 1.170A-14(d)(4)(iii)(B).





n107.  Id. § 1.170A-14(d)(4)(iii)(A).





n108.  Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan, What Is the DRECP?, drecp.org,
https://perma .cc/5C8G-JBWW (last visited Dec. 3, 2015).





n109.  Id.





n110.  Paige Blankenbuehler, Latest: California's plan for Conservation-minded
Energy Development Takes a Step Forward, High Country News (Dec. 2, 2013),
https://perma.cc/XS8L-H3PN (There are issues to overcome with this policy. For
example, the plan likely separates conserved lands from lands for development,
and the plan only addresses public lands. Conservation easements are for use on
private lands.).





n111.  Morris & Owley, supra note 5, at 330-332.





n112.  Id. at 381.





n113.  Id. at 372-373.





n114.  Bldg. Indus. Ass'n of Centr. California v. Cnty. of Stanislaus, 118 Cal.
Rptr. 3d 467 (Cal. App. 2010) (holding that the county's requirement that a
developer dedicate one acre of farmland for every acre developed was within the
County's police power); see also Jessica Owley, The Enforceability of Exacted
Conservation Easements, 36 Vt. L. Rev. 261, 283 (Winter 2011).





n115.  Bldg. Indus. Ass'n, 118 Cal. Rptr. 3d at 474; see also Mark S. Dennison,
Zoning: Challenge to Imposition of Development Exactions, 36 Am. Jur. Proof of
Facts 3d 417, § 12 (updated April 2016).





n116.  See EPA, supra note 64.





n117.  See Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(f) (ex: 3-4) ("H owns Greenacre, a 900-acre
parcel of woodland, rolling pasture, and orchards on the crest of a mountain.
All of Greenacre is clearly visible from a nearby national park ... even as
little as one home for each 90 acres, would destroy the scenic character of the
view. Accordingly, no deduction would be allowable under this section. Example
4. Assume the same facts as in example (3), except that not all of Greenacre is
visible from the park and the deed of easement allows for limited cluster
development of no more than five nine-acre clusters (with four houses on each
cluster) located in areas generally not visible from the national park... .
Accordingly, the donation qualifies for a deduction under this section.").





n118.  See e.g. id. Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(e)(3).





n119.  See e.g. Rev. Rul. 2003-123 (Dec. 15, 2003) (clarifying that a trust is
not allowed a charibtable or distribution deduction regarding a contribution to
charity of trust principal that meets qualified conservation contribution under
Treas. Reg. § 170(h).).





n120.  EPA, Fact Sheet: Clean Power Plan, available at
https://perma.cc/789J-Y5J3 ("Nationwide, the Clean Power Plan will help cut
carbon pollution from the power sector by 30 percent from 2005 levels").





n121.  See e.g. David Feldman & Robert Margolis, To Own or Lease Solar:
Understanding Commercial Retailers' Decisions to Use Alternative Financing
Models 5 (2014), available at https://perma.cc/E47E-JA8S.





n122.  Treas. Reg. § 1.170A-14(e)(1).





n123.  Id. § 1.170A-14.





n124.  Taken from Land Trust Alliance, supra note 78, at 115. However, I have
italicized my original words and have changed Grantor and Grantee to Landowner
and Holder, as that is the common vernacular in Montana.


                                5 of 5 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2015 University of Tennessee College of Law
                       Tennessee Journal of Law & Policy

                                  Spring, 2015

                       Tennessee Journal of Law & Policy

                           10 Tenn. J. L. & Pol'y 263

LENGTH: 10453 words

ARTICLE: PROMOTING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF BIOFUELS IN AMERICA: LOOKING TO BRAZIL

NAME: By: Julia Johnson *

BIO:


* Duke University School of Law.

HIGHLIGHT:

     "We stand now where two roads diverge. But unlike the roads in Robert
     Frost's familiar poem, they are not equally fair. The road we have
     long been traveling is deceptively easy, a smooth superhighway on
     which we progress with great speed, but at its end lies disaster. The
     other fork of the road -- the one less traveled by -- offers our last,
     our only chance to reach a destination that assures the preservation
     of the earth."

        -- Rachel Carson, Silent Spring


 TEXT:
 [*263]  I. Introduction

   Many Americans today would struggle to envision the United States ("U.S.")
completely independent from foreign oil. The U.S. is so intertwined with its
foreign oil interests that debates over the U.S.'s continued reliance on foreign
oil now pervade the country's political, economic, and national security agenda.
Calls for increased energy independence  n1 and a transition to a green economy
have largely failed to  [*264]  materialize.  n2 Moreover, the U.S.'s economy
remains stagnant in the wake of the 2008 recession, leaving policymakers
struggling to revive America's prosperity. Perhaps then, it is ludicrous to
strive for an increased role for alternative energy sources, which so far have
failed to garner widespread public support and remain highly partisan.  n3
Nonetheless, installing innovative energy policies has become increasingly
important as the U.S. stands at a crossroads.

   Previous attempts at incorporating biofuels into energy legislation have
failed to experience widespread success because the U.S. has not adequately
incentivized consumers to purchase biofuel blends. Notably, the U.S. has not
sufficiently promoted the competitiveness of biofuels in the marketplace,
thereby limiting their longrun viability.  n4 While the U.S.'s policies remained
targeted at subsidizing producers, Brazil's policies place a greater emphasis
upon creating and maintaining ethanol demand.  n5 Due to this approach, Brazil's
[*265]  biofuels framework has now become a model for emulation.  n6

   For the U.S.'s biofuels policies to be more effective, the nation must employ
better consumer-side factors and devise policies around promoting biofuels'
ability to compete with conventional fuels. Consumer-side factors include
biofuels' accessibility and pricing, as well as the ease and attractiveness of
purchasing alternative energy-powered vehicles. As shall be discussed, the
U.S.'s initiatives have neither been aggressive enough, nor sufficiently
comprehensive, to enable the U.S. to mirror Brazil's success.

   This article will review the factors that have limited the efficacy of the
U.S.'s biofuels initiatives, as compared to Brazil. First, a background of
Brazil's ethanol framework will be provided. Second, the U.S.'s biofuels
policies will be reviewed. Third, the factors reducing the success of the U.S.'s
policies, as compared to those policies in Brazil, shall be considered. Finally,
recommendations will be set forth describing how the U.S. can more effectively
incorporate biofuels into its energy framework.

    [*266]  II. Background

A. Energy Policy in Brazil

   By taking a multi-faceted approach that integrates supply-side and
demand-side considerations, Brazil's biofuels program has remained viable for
the past thirty years.  n7 Furthermore, Brazil's continued efforts to promote
and cultivate ethanol have also played a vital role in fostering the nation's
energy independence, though increased domestic oil production has been employed
as a corresponding strategy.  n8

   Broadly, there have been several key government initiatives attributed to
ethanol's current success. Specifically, Brazil has: (1) generated and
maintained consumer demand for alternative fuels;  n9 (2) artificially reduced
the price of ethanol for consumers;  n10 (3) developed infrastructure supports,
including ensuring that consumers have ready access to fueling stations selling
ethanol;  n11 (4) effectively utilized its natural opportunities  [*267]  for
expanded sugarcane ethanol production as a centerpiece for its biofuels program;
n12 and, (5) created incentives for private investors, who otherwise may have
been deterred by unstable or tepid market demand, to engage in research and
development within the industry.  n13 Consequently, increasing consumer demand
for ethanol has promoted its long-term sustainability by fostering continued
production and development.  n14

   The history of Brazil's ethanol policies may be broken down into four phases.
Phase 1 comprises the initiation of Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool beginning in 1975.
Phase 2 comprises the period beginning in mid-1979 whereby Brazil strengthened
and refined its ethanol targets. Phase 3 is characterized by deregulation and a
decline in ethanol production. Phase 4 begins in 2003 and comprises the
beginning of widespread use of flex-fuel vehicles (FFVs) in the nation.

   1. Phase 1

   Phase 1 of Brazil's biofuels program began on November 14, 1975, when Decreto
No. 76.593 launched the beginning of Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool in response to the
1973 foreign oil crisis.  n15 Although Brazil had previously  [*268]  attempted
a variety of initiatives to encourage biofuel use, Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool marked a
substantial turning point in Brazil's energy policy by requiring that ethanol be
mixed into conventional fuels, thereby merging the sugarcane and fuel
industries.  n16

   Decreto No. 76.593 lays out the regulatory framework of Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool
(also referred to herein as the National Alcohol Program).  n17 In its early
phases, the National Alcohol Program was overseen by the National Commission on
Alcohol (hereinafter "Commission"), which was comprised of representatives from
the Ministries of Finance, Agriculture, Industry and Trade, Mines and Energy,
Interior, as well as the Planning Secretariat of the Presidency of the Republic.
n18 A key role was conferred upon the Commission, that of creating biofuel
initiatives and considering proposals for revising  [*269]  the Program's
framework.  n19 The Commission also devised policies that directly and
indirectly helped expand ethanol production.  n20 For example, the Commission
worked to formulate a criterion that best determined where to place ethanol
production facilities geographically.  n21 Similarly, the Commission developed
an annual schedule specifying the appropriate use for a variety of types of
biofuels.  n22

   Among other initiatives, early legislation notably created the minimum blend-
requirements for ethanol in fuel, which demand that a certain minimum percentage
of ethanol must be mixed into gasoline prior to sale, and remains in place
today. In response to supply fluctuations and other market factors, the
Ministerio da Agricultura, Pecuaria e Abasecimento ("MAPA") received the
responsibility to periodically alter the minimum blend requirements.  n23
Furthermore, throughout  [*270]  this period, the Instituto do Acucar e Alcool
("IAA") controlled the price of ethanol; the IAA helped to promote price parity
between ethanol and sugar, and subsidized the price of ethanol relative to
gasoline.  n24 During this time, the IAA subsidized the price of ethanol for
consumers so that its price remained consistently 59% of the price of gasoline.
n25

   Brazil also encouraged modernization of production methods  n26 and
redevelopment of existing idle sugar distilleries.  n27 Brazil's government
banks, including Banco Nacional do Desenvolvimento Economico e Social, Banco da
Amazônia, Banco do Brasil, and Banco do Nordeste do Brasil, assisted with
funding for investment in ethanol production.  n28 Similarly, the National
Monetary Council helped to fund and develop projects to spur production in
regions that traditionally had little ethanol production.  n29 Coupled with
government funding and support, Brazil also promoted ethanol's viability on the
commercial market by  [*271]  developing an ethanol distribution system to
facilitate its sale at petroleum companies.  n30 Even more, Brazil encouraged
private investment in sugarcane ethanol production by dispersing over $ 4.9
billion in subsidized government loans with interest rates that were below the
nation's inflation levels.  n31

   Many of the policies encompassed within Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool have been
refined or expanded since the initial authorizing legislation was devised.
Notably, in 1978, Decreto No. 82.476 established a reimbursement plan as a way
to encourage investment by ethanol producers.  n32 Similarly, additional
infrastructure supports were also developed. For instance, in 1979, through
government assistance, initially about 300 ethanol pumps were outfitted at gas
stations and storage tanks were built to store ethanol in between locations
where the ethanol was being produced and consumed.  n33

   Moreover, in 1979, Decreto No. 83.700 further refined the National Alcohol
Program.  n34 Expanding membership and regulatory oversight of the Program,
Decreto No. 83.700 abolished the Commission and created the National Council of
Alcohol ("Council").  n35 The Council is comprised of former members of the
Commission, as well as representatives from the  [*272]  Ministries of Transport
and Labor, representatives from the National Confederation of Agriculture,
Trade, and Industry, and the Technological Affairs Deputy Chief of Staff of the
Armed Forces.  n36 The Council inherited the Commission's responsibilities and
has the authority to develop criteria to help determine ethanol market prices,
as well as other financing conditions.  n37

   In conclusion, Phase 1 was marked by the development of a number of
initiatives to spur investment, as well as the creation of minimum blend
requirements and the beginning of significant price subsidies for ethanol.

   2. Phase 2

   Motivated by the 1979 Middle East oil shocks, Brazil responded by
reinvigorating its ethanol policies.  n38 Expanding upon early legislation,
Phase 2 heightened ethanol-blend requirements  n39 and, during this time, on
average required that ethanol constitute roughly 22% of conventional fuel
blends.  n40 Moreover, Brazil also pushed automobile makers to redesign vehicle
engines to more effectively run on ethanol.  n41 In 1982, Brazil set forth an
objective that required automobile makers to produce and retail 500,000
ethanol-powered vehicles before the  [*273]  year's end.  n42 To further expand
ethanol production in anticipation of heightened demand, the government created
new financial incentives that encouraged the creation of new ethanol
distilleries.  n43

   In addition to its production-side initiatives, the Brazilian government also
worked to promote consumer confidence in ethanol's quality as compared to
gasoline.  n44 For instance, in 1981, as a way to promote transparency
surrounding ethanol products to consumers, Brazil required that fueling stations
affix "direct-reading, temperature-corrected hydrometers" at each ethanol
dispenser that would "allow the consumer himself to verify the quality of the
product."  n45

   Brazil's efforts to increase the palatability, accessibility, and
affordability of ethanol fuel were largely successful.  n46 The number of
ethanol-run vehicles increased dramatically within a few years, and as of 1984,
84% of vehicles sold in Brazil could run on ethanol.  n47

   3. Phase 3

   Beginning in 1986 with the demise of Brazil's dictatorship, Phase 3 is
characterized by the deregulation and decrease in support for ethanol
production.  n48 These policies resulted in a consequent reduction in ethanol
supply.  n49 In 1990, the IAA, which had been controlling ethanol prices, was
disbanded.  n50 As the Brazilian government ceased to regulate ethanol, its use
as a fuel  [*274]  in vehicles declined dramatically.  n51 Ethanol production
became subject to market forces, which largely reduced ethanol's attractiveness.
n52 Consequently, as the century came to an end, it appeared that ethanol would
no longer play a prominent role in Brazil's energy framework.

   4. Phase 4

   Beginning in 2003 and continuing to present-day, Phase 4 is notably
characterized by the introduction of flex-fuel vehicles ("FFVs") in the nation,
thereby initiating a dramatic resurgence in the use of ethanol fuel.  n53 FFVs
have become extremely popular among consumers and are now retailed in a variety
of makes and models. By 2006, 83% of vehicles sold in Brazil had the capacity to
run on either ethanol or gasoline, and this figure had ballooned to roughly 90%
by 2009.  n54 Unlike the FFVs sold in the U.S., which can only operate on
gasoline or E85,  n55 Brazilian FFVs can operate on any gasoline-to-ethanol
[*275]  combination.  n56 Therefore, by fostering the consumer's ability to
choose which fuel to purchase by quickly comparing the price of ethanol to that
of gasoline, FFVs have simultaneously promoted consumer choice and revived
ethanol's competitiveness.  n57 Even more, for those vehicles operating on
gasoline, Brazil's ethanol blend requirements have also remained intact and
conventional fuel continues to be blended with ethanol. The mandatory ethanol
blend requirement for automobiles varies, but has in recent years wavered
between 20% and 25%.  n58

   Next, although Brazil has not reintroduced the ethanol subsidies and
stringent pricing regimes of earlier decades, the nation continues to employ a
number of mandates, subsidies, and taxes that help to accommodate  [*276]
ethanol production.  n59 For instance, under the Contribuicao de Intervencao no
Dominio Economico ("CIDE"), Brazil imposes higher taxes on gasoline than it does
on ethanol.  n60 Likewise, Brazil continues to provide credits for ethanol
producers to further spur innovation and investment; over 94% of this funding is
applied to capital investments such as machinery and equipment.  n61 As a
complementary strategy, Brazil has also recently sought to more effectively
incorporate biodiesel into its energy framework.  n62 As one example, in 2005,
pursuant  [*277]  to Lei No. 11.097, Brazil required that at least 5% biodiesel
be blended into diesel fuel.  n63

   Phase 4 is also characterized by policies addressing ancillary considerations
that can be intertwined with ethanol production, such as promoting development
in rural areas, ensuring the profitability of smaller sugarcane ethanol farms,
and zoning and environmental considerations. For example, in 2003, Brazil
created the National Programme of Biodiesel Production (hereinafter "PNPB") to
encourage increased biodiesel production, especially outside of urban centers.
n64 Similarly, in order to preserve small farmers' profitability, the Ministério
de Desenvolvimento Agrário ("MDA") created the Selo Combustivel Social, which
promotes business relationships with small ethanol farmers.  n65 Additionally,
Brazil has recently implemented  [*278]  an agroecological zoning plan to expand
sugarcane ethanol production, while placing a significant emphasis on mitigating
environmental damage.  n66

   In sum, the effectiveness of Brazil's biofuels regime can be attributed to
its emphasis on all aspects of ethanol's production and sale.  n67

B. History of Biofuel Initiatives

   Like Brazil, the U.S. responded to the 1973 foreign oil crisis by enacting
legislation to reduce the nation's dependence on foreign oil. However, in
seeking to reduce its foreign oil reliance, the U.S. has traditionally focused
more upon reducing the nation's overall fuel consumption and less upon
increasing biofuels use. Due to this approach, biofuels have not yet experienced
comparable success in the U.S. Moreover, though the U.S. has recently taken
strides to increase its biofuels initiatives, these policies have been largely
aimed at reducing production costs for biofuels producers.

   As a response to the sharp spike in oil prices caused by the crisis, Congress
passed the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 ("1975 Act"), which aimed
to reformulate U.S. energy initiatives and increase  [*279]  fuel conservation.
n68 Notably, the 1975 Act set forth the Corporate Average Fuel Economy ("CAFE")
standards, which created fuel economy requirements for American vehicles.  n69
At present, the CAFE standards, requiring gradual improvements in vehicle
efficiency, have played a key role in reducing fuel consumption in vehicles.
n70 Nonetheless, despite their success in increasing vehicle efficiency,  n71
the CAFE standards have not been correspondingly effective in promoting
biofuels.  n72 For instance, one of the shortcomings of the CAFE standards is
that automobile manufacturers have been able to obtain CAFE credits for selling
FFVs in the form of large vehicles and SUVs that in practice nearly always run
on gasoline.  n73

    [*280]  The Energy Policy Act of 1992 ("1992 Act") was the next major
legislation targeted at improving the U.S.'s energy efficiency and increases the
authority of the Department of Energy ("DOE") to oversee alternative fuels use
and production.  n74 The 1992 Act contains several provisions specifically
devised to increase the use of biofuels and other renewable energy sources.
Among other efforts, the Act creates the Alternative Fuel Vehicle Program, which
incentivizes research that focuses upon improving engine technology in
alternative fuel-powered vehicles.  n75 The 1992 Act also develops production
incentives for renewable energy sources and alternative fuels, including payment
for qualified producers.  n76 More broadly, the Act reduces tax burdens for
renewable energy projects.  n77 Similarly, in order to encourage innovation, the
Act creates the Renewable Energy Advancement Awards, which provide monetary
awards for innovative projects.  n78

   Among other initiatives established pursuant to the legislation, DOE's
increased regulatory authority under the 1992 Act has led to the development of
new  [*281]  programs aimed at improving the viability of biofuels.  n79 For
example, in 1993, in response to its heightened authority, the DOE created the
'Clean Cities' program as a way to promote the use of alternative fuels in major
cities.  n80 As of 2013, the 'Clean Cities' program is estimated to have reduced
petroleum usage by 6.5 billion gallons since its inception.  n81

   More recently, the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ("2005 Act") reinvigorated
attempts  n82 to incorporate alternative fuels.  n83 Notably, the 2005 Act
created the Renewable Fuels Standard ("RFS"), which mandates that a certain
volume of ethanol be blended into automobile  [*282]  gasoline.  n84 The RFS
originally mandated that, by 2012, 7.5 billion gallons of alternative fuels be
mixed into gasoline.  n85 The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007
("EISA") later expanded upon the 2005 Act's provisions by increasing RFS
mandates and setting volume targets for usage of advanced biofuels.  n86

   EISA broadened the scope of the RFS to expand its application to diesel fuel
and demands use of a variety of advanced biofuels, including cellulosic biofuel
and biomass-based fuels.  n87 EISA also raises the RFS mandate to require that
36 billion gallons of renewable fuels be mixed into gasoline by 2022.  n88 The
2013 RFS requires that cellulosic biofuel comprise 0.004% of total U.S. fuels,
biomass-based diesel comprise 1.13% of total fuel, advanced biofuel comprise
1.62% of total fuel, and renewable fuel comprise 9.74% of total fuel.  n89
Largely due to the RFS mandates, ethanol and other biofuels are currently mixed
into roughly 50% of all U.S. gasoline, though most is  [*283]  mixed at 10%
ethanol or lower levels.  n90 Nonetheless, because the vast majority of U.S.
vehicles are not equipped to run on fuel that is comprised of more than 10-15%
ethanol without risking significant engine damage, and thereby encountering what
is known as the "blend-wall," the RFS's continued expansion may be limited.  n91

   In addition, the U.S. has also created a variety of tax credits in order to
help encourage biofuel use.  n92 For example, in 2004, the Volumetric Ethanol
Excise Tax Credit ("VEETC") was created and fostered the development and
production of biofuels through tax incentives.  n93 The VEETC became one of the
major ways by which the U.S. subsidized ethanol until it expired in 2011.  n94
The VEETC provided that, subject to certain  [*284]  restrictions, ethanol
blenders could be "eligible for a tax incentive in the amount of $ 0.45 per
gallon of pure ethanol . . . blended with gasoline."  n95 Costing nearly $ 6
billion annually, the VEETC garnered widespread criticism that it did not
adequately promote advanced biofuels and instead unnecessarily incentivized corn
ethanol production.  n96 Among other incentives,  n97 further examples have
included the Small Ethanol Producer Credit, which provided 10 cents per gallon
to small ethanol producers to offset production costs,  n98 and the Biodiesel
Tax Credit, which provided a $ 1.00 per gallon tax credit to biodiesel
producers.  n99 Similarly, another policy that has been proposed includes taxing
the carbon dioxide output on conventional fuels.  n100  [*285]  Nevertheless,
many of these initiatives have been allowed to expire amid considerable
backlash.  n101

   Moreover, in addition to tax credits, there are working groups and programs
already in place  n102 that have been created to promote investment in biofuels
production.  n103 For instance, in 2009, the U.S. created the Biofuels
Interagency Working Group to expand and promote the competitiveness of the
biofuels market.  n104 Likewise, in 2008, the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act
created the Biorefinery Crop Assistance Program ("BCAP"), which provides
financial assistance for developing biorefineries to produce advanced biofuels.
n105 BCAP aims to simultaneously help producers transition to cellulosic energy
crop production while promoting economic development in rural areas.  n106 On
October  [*286]  21, 2013, USDA announced that the government would provide $
181 million to help fund these initiatives.  n107 Thus, like Brazil, some recent
U.S. biofuels policies have been motivated by dual aims.

   In sum, the U.S. has already undertaken a substantial investment to promote
the viability and use of alternative fuels; a report by the U.S. Government
Accountability Office ("GAO") estimated that from 1979 to 2000, about $ 11
billion in tax incentives were employed to promote ethanol fuels.  n108 However,
despite these expenditures, the policies devised by the U.S. have not been as
effective as those in Brazil.

III. Comparing U.S. AND Brazilian Policies

   Despite a number of similarities, the U.S.'s policies have not been as
successful as those in Brazil because they do not consider consumer-side factors
to  [*287]  the same extent as do Brazil's policies.  n109 Consumer-side
initiatives help to create and sustain market demand, and also encourage
private-sector investors to infuse additional resources into research and
development.  n110 Additionally, the U.S. and Brazil's policies differ in their
extent; Brazil's initiatives have been significantly more stringent and have had
a broader application.  n111 Nonetheless, as demonstrated by the number of
commonalities between the U.S. and Brazil's biofuels policies, increasing
biofuels use can be both viable and sustainable in the U.S.

    [*288]  A. Brazil's ethanol-blend mandates have nearly always been more
stringent than the U.S.'s RFS, and biofuels are mixed into a greater proportion
of Brazil's conventional fuel supply.

   First, Brazil's biofuels policies have had a greater impact because the
nation's biofuels mandates are significantly more demanding and are broader in
reach than comparable U.S. policies.

   The U.S. and Brazil's present-day biofuels policies are facially similar in
many regards. Both nations employ a two-track regime for incorporating biofuels
into the fuel supply: through biofuel-blend requirements in gasoline and through
the sale of FFVs. These policies have both proven effective in ensuring that
biofuels are incorporated into each nation's fuel supply  n112 and guarantee
constant demand for these fuels.  n113 Moreover, though Brazil's blend
requirements have been comparatively more responsive to supply and price
considerations, both the  [*289]  RFS and Brazil's blend requirements are
periodically adjusted in response to current needs.  n114

   Nevertheless, Brazil's blend requirements have nearly always been more
stringent than those mandated by the RFS. Specifically, while Brazil's ethanol
blend-requirements have demanded that gasoline be comprised of 11-25% ethanol,
n115 the RFS has not yet required more than a 10-15% concentration due to
concerns of damaging older vehicles' engines.  n116 Additionally, Brazil's blend
requirements extend through a greater proportion of the  [*290]  nation's fuel
supply than does the RFS. Whereas biofuels are currently mixed into only about
50% of U.S. automobile fuel,  n117 gasoline-only fuels are no longer sold in
Brazil.  n118

   B. Brazil has encouraged automakers to produce and retail FFVs to a much
greater extent, which has increased FFVs' popularity with consumers.

   Second, Brazil's biofuels policies have been more successful because
policymakers have been more aggressive in encouraging the production and sale of
FFVs and comparable models than has the U.S. While Brazil has placed immense
pressure upon automakers to develop FFVs and ethanol-powered vehicles, the U.S.
has focused its initiatives on increasing vehicle fuel efficiency. As a result,
the U.S. auto industry has not been comparably incentivized to produce FFVs and
similar designs. In order to increase the number of FFVs and biofuel-operated
vehicles on the road, U.S. policymakers would likely need to impose additional
demands on carmakers to develop engines suitable for these fuels.

    [*291]  Brazil's strategy has demonstrated efficacy in two separate
instances. First, in the 1980s, Brazil gave the auto industry targets as to the
number of ethanol-powered vehicles to be retailed, which rapidly increased the
sale of these vehicles.  n119 Second, since 2003, Brazil has strongly
incentivized the production and sale of FFVs, and has looked to the private
automobile sector to play a prominent role in increasing FFVs' attractiveness
and palatability among consumers.  n120 As mentioned in Section II, FFVs have
become extremely popular with consumers, and automobile manufacturers have
created a variety of car models for customers to choose from. By utilizing the
automobile industry's ability to redesign and develop ethanol-powered vehicles
as a way to promote ethanol use, these efforts have helped to further the
viability of Brazil's biofuels program.  n121 In both instances, Brazil's
efforts to force the automobile industry to produce ethanol-powered vehicles
resulted in a dramatic increase in their use within a short period of time,
which incidentally also promoted ethanol use.  n122

    [*292]  In contrast, the U.S.'s policies have not comparably pressured
domestic carmakers to produce biofuel-powered vehicles, but instead have focused
more so upon increasing vehicle efficiency.  n123 Accordingly, under current
U.S. policy, U.S. carmakers have little incentive to produce FFVs or other
biofuel-operated vehicles, though the auto industry has accommodated the
government's demands to design engines for increased fuel efficiency.  n124 The
auto industry's responsiveness to increased demands for increased fuel
efficiency suggests that a comparable approach could be effectively employed to
increase the use of biofuels in U.S. vehicles. Thus, to some degree, the design
of today's vehicles is the product of choices made by government regulators. For
FFVs and biofuel-powered vehicles to be more widely used, the U.S. would likely
need to devise regulatory initiatives  [*293]  that demand domestic carmakers
produce these vehicles.  n125

   Consequently, by pushing automobile manufacturers to produce FFVs and
ethanol-powered vehicles, Brazil has fostered their popularity among consumers.
In contrast, U.S. policymakers have not comparably demanded that domestic
carmakers produce FFVs or other biofuel-operated vehicles.

   C. While Brazil has mandated ethanol's sale at fueling stations, the U.S. has
not undertaken sufficient efforts to ensure that consumers have access to
affordable biofuel blends.

   Third, Brazil's biofuels policies have been more effective than those of the
U.S. because policymakers have devised initiatives to ensure that biofuel blends
are accessible to consumers. While the Brazilian government has largely
spearheaded efforts to install ethanol pumps at fueling stations, the U.S. has
been more willing to allow retailers to make this decision. These differing
approaches have caused significant disparities in the number of ethanol fueling
stations in each nation.

    [*294]  Notably, Brazil has installed mandates that ethanol be retailed at a
number of fueling stations since the 1970s, when it first required that ethanol
pumps be installed at fueling stations;  n126 currently, nearly all fueling
stations in the nation retail ethanol blends.  n127 As a result of these
initiatives, Brazilian consumers who own a FFV or ethanol-powered vehicle are
able to readily access and purchase ethanol fuels. On the contrary, the U.S.'s
policies have not comparably encouraged that ethanol and other biofuels be
accessible at fueling stations. The U.S. has further hindered this effort by
failing to impose mandates or targets for the sale of biofuels blends.  n128
Because it is seldom cost-effective to outfit a fueling station with ethanol
fuel due to uncertain financial returns, fueling stations are not likely to
install ethanol pumps without government support.  n129

   The U.S. already has explored using tax incentives through the Alternative
Fuel Station Credit, which subsidized the price of installing biofuel
infrastructure. Yet current initiatives have been largely insufficient to
dramatically increase the number of alternative fueling stations.  n130 Due to a
lack of government initiatives, there are presently only 12,888  [*295]  fueling
stations retailing alternative fuels,  n131 as compared to the approximately
160,000 gasoline stations in operation in the U.S.  n132 Due to the weak
response to previous initiatives, the U.S. would likely need to create
additional tax incentives or impose mandates in order to motivate fueling
stations to retail biofuel blends.

   Additionally, Brazil has undertaken a much more active role in promoting
ethanol's sale at fueling stations by encouraging consumers to purchase ethanol
fuel when it is cost-effective to do so.  n133 In Brazil, a relatively simple
ratio is employed as a way to indicate to consumers when it is cost-effective to
purchase ethanol or vice-versa for their FFVs.  n134 Pursuant to this ratio,
consumers are encouraged to purchase ethanol when its cost is 70% of that of
gasoline, and revert to conventional gasoline when the cost ratio is higher.
n135

    [*296]  In contrast, in the U.S., the fraction of fueling stations that do
retail higher concentrations of ethanol often do not adequately promote these
blends or price them competitively. Because biofuels are generally not sold
under the conventional producer's brand label, these fuels often do not
constitute a major source of revenue for many large producers.  n136 Due to
limited marketing, U.S. FFV owners may be unaware of the possible option of
choosing a biofuel blend to fuel their vehicles.  n137

   Consequently, while Brazil has mandated that fueling stations retail ethanol
blends, the U.S. has not undertaken comparable initiatives, which has limited
consumer access to biofuels.

   D. While Brazil has carefully monitored the price of ethanol, the U.S.'s
policies are producer-oriented and often only indirectly influence the consumer
price of biofuel blends.

   Next, Brazil's policies have been more successful than those of the U.S.
because Brazil has been more influential in dictating the price of ethanol,
which has enabled it to be cost-competitive in the marketplace. While Brazil has
employed several strategies to ensure  [*297]  that the price of ethanol remains
below that of gasoline, the U.S.'s policies often only incidentally reduce the
consumer price of biofuel blends. Although the U.S. has imposed a number of tax
credits and other subsidies targeted at producers, these initiatives generally
have not been directly focused upon lowering the consumer price of biofuel
blends as compared to gasoline. Because many of the U.S.'s policies have been
aimed at reducing input costs for producers, these policies have fallen short
because they do not adequately push the cost-savings on to consumers.

   As mentioned in Section II, a key reason for ethanol's long-term success in
Brazil has been its cost-competitiveness with gasoline.  n138 While Brazil has
created a variety of producer-oriented incentives, these policies play a
comparatively smaller role within Brazil's ethanol framework. Instead, Brazil's
policies have been focused more so upon improving ethanol's viability in the
marketplace, and the government has pursued several different options to ensure
that ethanol's price remains attractive.  n139 For instance, in the 1970s, the
IAA oversaw the price of ethanol; during this time, ethanol's price was
subsidized so that its cost was 59% of that of gasoline.  n140 The importance of
the price subsidy was demonstrated when its repeal in 1990 brought about a rapid
decline in ethanol use across the country.  n141 Today,  [*298]  even though
Brazil has not re-installed price subsidies for ethanol, ethanol's price
relative to gasoline remains influenced by tax incentives such as the
Contribuicao de Intervencao no Dominio Economico ("CIDE"), which imposes higher
taxes on gasoline than on ethanol.  n142 Consequently, Brazil continues to
oversee the price of ethanol as a way of maintaining its viability.

Unlike Brazil, the U.S. has not undertaken comparable efforts to ensure that the
consumer price of biofuels is consistently below that of gasoline. Instead, the
U.S.'s biofuels initiatives are largely producer-oriented. For instance, many of
the United States' incentives, such as the Volumetric Excise Tax Credit, the
Small Producer Tax Credit, and the Biodiesel Tax Credit, are designed to reduce
the costs paid by producers, but do not directly manipulate how these reductions
would be passed on to consumers.  n143 Moreover, the U.S. has no  [*299]
comparable mechanism to ensure that the price of biofuels remains consistently
lower than the price of conventional fuels.

   Unless biofuel blends become more cost-competitive with conventional fuels,
consumers will not be incentivized to purchase these blends. Because biofuels
are associated with reduced fuel economy, their price must be below that of
gasoline to enable these blends to be competitive.  n144 Nonetheless, as
demonstrated by the graph on the next page, in the U.S., high-concentration
ethanol blends can often be more expensive than gasoline.  n145

    [*300]   See Image

   Therefore, Brazil's policies have been more effective because they are
targeted at ensuring that ethanol's price is competitive for consumers, while
the U.S.'s policies often only indirectly reduce the costs of biofuel blends in
the marketplace.

   E. Brazil's policies incorporate comprehensive infrastructure supports, while
the U.S.'s initiatives are more modest and rely upon investment from the private
sector to improve distribution networks.

   Additionally, Brazil's policies have been more successful than those of the
U.S. because Brazil has focused comparatively more on creating accommodations to
foster ethanol's distribution and sale. While Brazil's government plays an
active role in overseeing its ethanol distribution networks, the U.S. has relied
to a greater extent upon private sector investments to devise infrastructure
accommodations.

   Brazil's infrastructure initiatives are fairly expansive and encompass
distribution networks  [*301]  throughout the nation. Specifically, Petrobras,
an oil company controlled by the state, operates nine ethanol and distribution
facilities, which are spread across the country.  n146 Similarly, Transpetro, a
quasi-state entity, oversees a transport system that includes 44 export
terminals and 156 storage facilities to assist in ethanol distribution.  n147
Among other supports, government-funding initiatives have been used to install
ethanol storage tanks at intermediate locations from distilleries and at fueling
stations.  n148

   In contrast, the U.S.'s infrastructure supports lack the comprehensive
approach evidenced in Brazil's policies. The U.S.'s initiatives have often been
sporadic and piecemeal, and much of the assistance provided to biofuel
production facilities occurs through other avenues.  n149 For instance, funding
to install fuel dispensers for high-concentration ethanol blends have often been
left to the states and private foundations.  n150 Due to the more limited
approach, as the U.S.'s current biofuel distribution networks reach their
capacity, private  [*302]  investors will likely need to provide funding to
expand these networks.

   Nonetheless, despite Brazil's investment in infrastructure supports, neither
nation has shown an advantage in reducing biofuel transport costs once the fuel
leaves a distribution facility. Both nations employ relatively inefficient
transport methods, including rail cars, trucks, and barges to transport
biofuels.  n151 In order to reduce transport costs, both the U.S. and Brazil
have considered the development of an ethanol pipeline. While the U.S. has not
yet begun funding a pipeline, Brazil has already begun construction on an
ethanol pipeline, which is scheduled to be completed in 2016.  n152 Nonetheless,
any cost reductions from building a pipeline would only be realized over the
long run,  n153 and thus, Brazil's decision to fund a pipeline may not
necessarily indicate that the U.S. should employ a similar strategy.

    [*303]  Consequently, while neither Brazil nor the U.S. has an advantage
over the other in devising methods to reduce transport costs, Brazil has
undertaken significant efforts to install ethanol storage tanks and create
distribution centers, while the U.S. has failed to adequately address many of
these infrastructure issues.

   F. Although it is viable for Brazil to rely heavily on a single input, the
U.S. has been unable to replicate these results with policies centered upon corn
ethanol because it lacks a similar advantage in corn production.

   Next, Brazil's policies have been comparatively more successful than those of
the U.S. because many of its initiatives are centered upon the nation's natural
production strengths. Though Brazil was able to achieve considerable success
with sugarcane as the key input underpinning its biofuels framework because of
its ability to produce a cheap supply of sugarcane ethanol,  n154 the U.S. has
not been able to obtain similar results by centering its policies upon the
production of corn ethanol.  n155

    [*304]  In the U.S., although corn remains the choice input for ethanol
production, its increased cultivation has resulted in labor and production
barriers, and has reduced the amount of corn available for the food supply.
n156 Because the U.S. will increasingly need to source corn from multiple inputs
to meet demand without further  [*305]  encroaching upon the corn crop,  n157
Brazil's narrower policy focus upon a single feedstock does not constitute a
viable approach for the U.S. Due to production barriers associated with corn
ethanol, the U.S. would likely need to diversify its sources in order to expand
biofuel production significantly. For that reason, this is an aspect where
Brazil's policies would provide only limited guidance for the U.S.

   In order to help foster the long-run sustainability and cost-competitiveness
of biofuels, the U.S. likely must rely upon advanced biofuels to a much greater
degree than Brazil has.  n158 Advanced biofuels can come from a variety of
natural sources. For instance, cellulosic feedstocks include "corn stover,
switchgrass, poplar trees, and any other raw material composed primarily of
cellulose."  n159 Title XV of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 defines cellulosic
biomass ethanol as ethanol "derived from any lignocellulosic or hemicellulosic
matter" obtained from a renewable source, including wood, plants, grasses,
fibers, and animals and other wastes.  n160 Additionally, Executive Order 13134
defines renewable biomass as "any organic matter that is  [*306]  available on a
renewable or recurring basis."  n161 Similarly, another promising alternative
fuel for use in vehicles is biobutanol, a corn-based isobutanol, which can also
be cheaper to produce than either corn-based or cellulosic ethanol.  n162

   Nevertheless, there remains considerable uncertainty as to advanced biofuels'
viability as an adequate replacement.  n163 Advanced biofuels are often
characterized by significant technological barriers and can be more expensive to
produce than corn ethanol.  n164 For instance, cellulosic ethanol often has high
production costs,  n165 and there remain several technical challenges  [*307]
hindering its commercial viability, including reducing the costs of converting
biomass into fermentable sugars.  n166

   Consequently, the U.S.'s policies have been less effective than those in
Brazil because the U.S. lacks a comparable production advantage in producing
corn ethanol, though the nation's policies have traditionally emphasized its
production.

   G. Brazil has played a much more directive role in shaping the biofuels
industry, while the U.S. has enabled producers to dictate the market's
development.

   Brazil's biofuels policies have proven more sustainable because its
government has been aggressive in influencing the ethanol industry's formation
over time.  n167 In contrast, the U.S.'s policies have often granted deference
to producers to dictate their supply chain, biofuel retail prices, and related
factors.  n168 To maintain biofuels' long-run feasibility, the U.S. would likely
need  [*308]  to become more engaged through the entire production and sale
process.

   Though Brazil has also created legislation aimed at reducing input costs for
producers,  n169 the U.S.'s policies have been more deferential to producers and
market participants than Brazil's policies. Many of the U.S.'s initiatives are
characterized by a more moderate, marke-toriented approach. This disparity is
likely a consequence of differing government structures;  n170 while Brazil had
in place a military dictatorship for many of the years at the beginning of
Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool,  n171 the U.S.'s policies are created through a democracy.

   Additionally, Brazil's policies have been especially comprehensive from their
inception, which has enabled the country to play a greater role in shaping the
industry. For instance, from the outset of Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool, the government
oversaw numerous production factors, including influencing where ethanol
production facilities should be located geographically,  n172 and was
instrumental in fostering the redevelopment of idle sugar distilleries and the
creation of new ethanol production facilities.  n173 Currently, in addition to
instilling production mandates, the government also plays a key role in
overseeing ethanol distribution networks and spearheading reforms in the market.
On the consumer side, Brazil has been assertive in demanding measures to help
instill consumer confidence in biofuels through mandatory labeling and  [*309]
quality control at fueling stations.  n174 By overseeing nearly every facet of
ethanol's production and sale, Brazil has been able to safeguard ethanol's
viability.

   On the contrary, the U.S.'s policies often do not provide significant
oversight of the entire production process. For instance, the Small Ethanol
Producer Credit and the Biodiesel Tax Credit are limited in focus upon reducing
input costs for producers, yet do not provide extensive guidance as to how these
funds must be spent.  n175 Similarly, the VEETC has been heavily criticized for
not being sufficiently targeted to its ultimate goal, but was instead though to
be subsidizing the efforts of wealthy oil companies.  n176

   Consequently, the success of some of the U.S.'s biofuels policies has been
hampered because they have not been sufficiently directive to ensure that
policymakers' intended outcomes are achieved.

   H. Brazil's ethanol policies have been more sustainable because many of these
initiatives are motivated by dual aims, though the U.S.'s biofuels policies have
recently incorporated ancillary goals.

   Lastly, Brazil's ethanol framework has been viable over time because many of
its policies incorporate ancillary goals, such as economic revitalization, which
helps sustain support for these programs. In contrast, many of the U.S.'s
biofuels policies have traditionally been narrower in focus, which has limited
their long-run  [*310]  application. However, recent initiatives such as the
Biorefinery Crop Assistance Program ("BCAP") and the Rural Energy for America
Program ("REAP") suggest increasing willingness of the U.S. to incorporate dual
aims in its policies, which could help to promote the longevity of these
biofuels initiatives.  n177

   As demonstrated in Brazil, biofuels initiatives are often linked with other
national issues, such as redeveloping low-income areas. For instance, during the
early years of Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool, the Commission and later, the Council,
helped determine where ethanol production facilities should be located in an
attempt to reduce regional income disparities.  n178 Likewise, Brazil provided
funding and created projects that helped to promote ethanol production in poor
crop areas.  n179 More recently, Brazil has undertaken efforts to promote the
viability of biodiesel and other crops as a way to spur economic development in
rural areas.  n180 By linking two or more initiatives, Brazil simultaneously
increased its GDP and promoted the success of its biofuels program.  n181

   In contrast, many of the U.S.'s biofuels initiatives reflect a narrower focus
by only incentivizing a single  [*311]  factor, resulting in reduced support for
these initiatives over the long- term. For instance, programs devised to reduce
costs for producers have been met with widespread criticism that this funding
has not been appropriately distributed and is sometimes provided directly to
large producers.  n182 Nevertheless, this trend may be changing. The U.S.'s most
recent biofuel policies employ more targeted metrics, such as increasing
economic development in the Midwest and rural areas and ensuring the
profitability of smaller producers and businesses, which can help the nation
achieve multiple goals concomitantly.  n183 Accordingly, the U.S.'s biofuels
policies may become more sustainable as dual goals are more readily
incorporated--a move which could render these initiatives less partisan and
divisive.

   Overall, Brazil has been more effective than the U.S. at incorporating market
forces and consumer preferences into its biofuels policies. Though the U.S. and
Brazil share similar motivations for reducing their consumption of foreign oil,
Brazil's comprehensive approach spearheaded the long-run viability of its
biofuel policies.  n184

    [*312]  IV. Recommendations

   In order to better integrate biofuels into the U.S. energy framework, the
U.S. must take more directive action to shape how the industry forms over time.
Though promoting the sustainability of biofuels requires a comprehensive
approach, several considerations require specific attention:

   A. The U.S. should work to more effectively promote private competition
within the biofuel industry in order to expand the competitiveness of advanced
biofuels.

   Due to increased government support, some corporate entities already show
interest in increasing research and investment in advanced biofuels.  n185 While
early signs have been encouraging, the U.S. should introduce further initiatives
aimed at promoting the entrance of new corporate players into the biofuels
market; this will spur technological innovation and  [*313]  lower input prices,
which may ultimately reduce prices for consumers.  n186

   Because the biofuels industry is young and developing, new and transitioning
producers can play a key role in shaping the future of renewable energy.
Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005, Section 1501(a), the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission ("FTC") conducts market saturation studies for the ethanol
industry.  n187 In its 2013 study, the FTC determined that "[t]he level of
concentration and the large number of market participants in the U.S. ethanol
production industry suggests that exercise of market power to set prices or
coordination on prices or output levels is unlikely."  n188 In  [*314]  light of
this malleability and relative ease of entry, U.S. policymakers should
incentivize interested fuel producers of all sizes to enter the market, thereby
promoting heightened competition within the biofuels industry.

   Nonetheless, new producers will not be motivated to enter the biofuels
industry unless it is profitable. Although the outcome of tax incentives has not
been heavily studied, a study by the Food and Agriculture Policy Research
Institute found that ethanol production would likely decline by nearly 80% if it
were not incentivized.  n189 In order to entice producers to enter the biofuels
industry, the U.S. should devise subsidies or tax credits that provide
additional benefits to new or converted alternative fuel producers, thereby
shifting the focus of current initiatives away from subsidizing existing biofuel
producers and instead to increasing market competition. Moreover, the U.S.
should also strengthen conversion incentives for farmers seeking to convert
their crop to biofuel production, a move increasing access to arable lands.

   Consequently, as a way to spur innovation within the industry, tax incentives
should be specifically aimed at encouraging the entry of new producers and
corporate entities into the biofuels market.

    [*315]  B. The U.S. should promote biofuels' cost-competitiveness and
develop a price-ratio formula to help ensure the price-competitiveness of
biofuels.

   Consumer demand for biofuel is generally surmised to be perfectly or
almost-perfectly elastic.  n190 Therefore, consumers' willingness to purchase
biofuel blends is a direct function of its price as compared to that of
gasoline.  n191 Although strongly incentivizing the use of alternative fuels is
imperative to sustain consumer demand, the burden must ultimately be placed on
producers and private investors to engage in research and development
initiatives that will help to mitigate the price differential, as well as to
design vehicles that can use these fuels more effectively.

   However, in the interim, one way to promote the cost-competitiveness of
alternative fuels is through creating a price-ratio formula that ensures that
biofuels  [*316]  prices remain consistently below gasoline prices. Pursuant to
this price-ratio formula, ethanol or a comparable blend would be subsidized so
that its cost would be fixed to a certain proportion below that of conventional
fuels. Though this may artificially reduce the price of biofuels for consumers,
lowering the costs below that of gasoline is necessary to offset the loss of
fuel economy associated with these blends. In this way, consumers whose vehicles
can run on a biofuel blend will not be incentivized to instead choose a
conventional fuel.

   C. The U.S. should mandate that a certain number of FFVs be sold in the
nation per year.

   Like Brazil, the U.S. could require that a certain number of ethanol-powered
vehicles or FFVs be sold annually, or strongly promote their sale. FFVs are
already available for sale in the U.S., though accessibility, price, and access
to fueling stations remain impediments to their widespread use.  n192 By
requiring flex-fuel engines on a number of new vehicles, many of the barriers
hindering the expansion of alternative energy shall be reduced, and
mass-production and geographic dispersion will increase their affordability and
accessibility.  n193 Specifically, the U.S. government, which already owns a
large stake in the auto industry, should heavily incentivize domestic automobile
makers to increase efforts to re-design vehicles that can more effectively
operate on biofuels.  n194  [*317]  These initiatives could be tied into
existing policies targeting the ailing domestic automobile industry and could be
viewed as an additional way for the auto industry to adapt and become more
competitive with foreign manufacturers.  n195

   Similarly, an important--albeit somewhat ancillary--consideration is meeting
consumer demand by providing a greater selection of attractive biofuel-powered
vehicles to choose from. Correspondingly, adequate consumer demand will
incentivize automobile manufacturers to respond by creating new models that
appeal to consumers.  n196 In Brazil, FFVs have grown  [*318]  extensively in
popularity,  n197 and as of 2010, there were 59 models of FFVs produced by 9
different auto manufacturers.  n198 Thus, as demonstrated by their success in
Brazil, FFVs need not necessarily restrict a consumer's ability to purchase a
vehicle that suits his or her tastes.

   Especially in light of the current technological barriers associated with the
"blend wall,' relying predominately upon the RFS is likely to be insufficient to
dramatically increase use of biofuels.  n199 Therefore, developing targets or
incentivizing the sale of FFVs may be yet another way to improve the
cost-competitiveness of biofuels, while simultaneously encouraging innovation
within the domestic automobile industry.  n200 By giving customers the ability
to decide which fuel to use depending upon the relative price of ethanol
compared to gasoline, FFVs can support consumer preferences while reducing
gasoline consumption.  n201

   D. The U.S. should work to increase consumer awareness of biofuels.

   Due to limited marketing initiatives, U.S. consumers often lack awareness of
the option to purchase  [*319]  biofuels or biofuel-powered vehicles.  n202 One
way to promote consumer awareness of alternative fuels is to require oil
producers and retailers to sell biofuel blends alongside conventional gasoline
products and market these products comparably. Furthermore, policymakers could
demand that a certain fixed percentage of a large fuel company's revenue or
total sales be derived from retailing biofuel blends, and impose penalties if
these targets are not met.

   Coupled with increased marketing efforts, large oil producers, which also own
a significant number of fueling stations in the U.S., should be required to
employ initiatives that will help to prevent consumers from " misfueling" their
vehicles.  n203 Correspondingly,  [*320]  stringent labeling requirements should
be imposed at fueling stations in order to help avoid damage to older vehicles
that cannot operate on higher biofuel concentrations.  n204 Though some efforts
at mandating the use of these labels to prevent "misfueling" are already
underway, these policies will become increasingly important as a variety of
different biofuel blends begin to appear on the market.  n205 Even more, further
labeling requirements may have the ancillary effect of promoting consumer
awareness of, and likely consumer interest in, biofuels.

   E. The U.S. should bolster infrastructure supports and expand geographic
locations of biofuel production facilities.

   Currently, most U.S. biofuel production is concentrated in the Midwest and is
undertaken by a small number of producers, which has reduced its efficacy and
viability outside of the region.  n206 Because the  [*321]  transport expenses
for ethanol and other biofuels are relatively costly, incentivizing the
development of new biofuel production facilities on the East and West Coasts,
where a significant number of potential consumers reside, will help to reduce
biofuels' price- markup over conventional fuels.  n207 Since high transport
costs have been a major factor reducing the cost-competitiveness of biofuels,
n208 increasing geographic dispersion of production facilities, and thereby
reducing the distances traveled, will help to lower these costs until
reduced-cost transport options become available.

   In order to intertwine this initiative with promoting economic development in
rural areas, these biofuel production facilities could be located in rural
locations on the Coasts, such as in South Carolina and Oregon. Moreover,
expanding ethanol production facilities geographically can also help to buffer
supply shocks caused by unfavorable weather conditions that sharply diminish the
fuel crop.  n209 Therefore, as the industry expands, increasing geographic
dispersion of biofuel production facilities need not necessarily detract from
the initiatives focused upon promoting growth of the biofuels industry in the
Midwest, and can help to spur economic growth in other areas.

   Simultaneously, policymakers should strive to foster increased trade
relationships between the U.S. and Brazil, as well as with other international
producers, to  [*322]  help prevent crises during times of shortage.  n210
Although the U.S. has begun importing biofuels from other nations, policymakers
remain cautious due to concerns over protecting the nascent biofuel industry.
Nevertheless, as biofuels are progressively incorporated into the nation's
energy framework, this interdependence will become more important and can serve
as another way to help reduce the nation's dependence on foreign oil.

   Furthermore, as demonstrated recently, forging a stronger relationship with
ethanol-producing nations need not exclusively result in increased imports into
the U.S. For instance, in 2011, Brazil was faced with a sharp decline in
sugarcane ethanol availability. However, Brazil maintained its relatively high
ethanol blend requirement, and was unable to produce enough ethanol to meet
demand.  n211 As a result, Brazil chose to import ethanol from the U.S., even
though ethanol produced in the U.S. is typically more expensive than Brazil's
sugarcane ethanol.  n212 Consequently, strengthening trade relationships for
alternative fuels need not be one-sided, and may ultimately benefit the U.S.

    [*323]  F. The U.S. should increase the regulatory authority of its agencies
to play an active role in overseeing the nation's biofuels initiatives.

   As demonstrated by the success of DOE's Clean Energy Program, enabling
government agencies to play a much more directive role can help to ensure that
current funding initiatives are effective at increasing biofuels' viability.
n213 Accordingly, federal agencies such as EPA and USDA should undertake a more
active approach to ensure that the aims of these programs and funding
initiatives are met.  n214 For example, because USDA has  [*324]  already begun
undertaking a substantial investment through the Advanced Biofuel Payment
Program, engaging in additional oversight of the biofuels industry is merely
another way to help ensure its efficacy.  n215

   Currently, federal agencies employ many efforts that are reactive and
research-oriented, while enabling producers to shape the biofuels market. For
instance, USDA employees presently analyze market data for biofuel feedstocks
and other inputs, and they conduct some outreach and educational initiative.
n216 Nonetheless, in tandem with existing initiatives, USDA could influence the
market by helping to link retailers with suppliers. USDA could engage in
additional oversight over producers as well. Although USDA has already begun
[*325]  some of these efforts, by bolstering these initiatives, the agency can
ensure that federal funds are effectively utilized.  n217

   Instead of continuing to allow the biofuels market to be producer-led,
increasing the authority of federal agencies can help to promote biofuels'
long-run viability. Because the U.S. has already undertaken a significant
investment to support biofuels cultivation through payments programs and
conversion incentives, granting federal agencies increased regulatory authority
may help to increase the efficacy of these initiatives.

V. Conclusion

   To conclude, Brazil's ethanol framework demonstrates that increased use of
ethanol and similar biofuels can be a viable route for nations seeking to reduce
their reliance on foreign oil. As in Brazil, gasoline and alternative fuels can
be simultaneously utilized to propel the U.S.'s automobiles and machinery. In
this transition, the U.S. must shift the thrust of its policies from
production-side factors to promoting consumer and market demand for biofuels.
Thus, perhaps Brazil's largest contribution to renewable energy is to foster
awareness that a number of elements determine whether an alternative fuels
policy will be viable, yet nonetheless demonstrates that the increased use of
biofuels can be a sustainable option for the U.S.

    [*326]  APPENDIX A: SUMMARY OF ISSUES AND RECOMMENDATIONS EXPLANATION

   COMPARING U.S. AND BRAZILIAN POLICIES

1. Brazil's ethanol-blend mandates have nearly always been more stringent than
the U.S.'s RFS, and biofuels are mixed into a greater proportion of Brazil's
conventional fuel supply.

2. Brazil has encouraged carmakers to produce and retail FFVs to much greater
extent, which has increased FFVs' popularity with consumers.

3. While Brazil has mandated ethanol's sale at fueling stations, the U.S. has
not undertaken sufficient efforts to ensure that consumers have access to
biofuel blends.

4. While Brazil has carefully monitored the price of ethanol, the U.S.'s
policies are producer-oriented and often only indirectly influence the consumer
price of affordable biofuel blends.

5. Brazil's policies incorporate comprehensive infrastructure supports, while
the U.S.'s initiatives are more modest and rely upon investment from the private
sector to improve distribution networks.

6. Though it is viable for Brazil to rely heavily on a single input, the U.S.
has been unable to replicate these results with policies centered upon corn
ethanol because it lacks a similar advantage in corn production.

 [*327]  7. Brazil has played a much more directive role in shaping the biofuels
industry, while the U.S. has enabled producers to dictate the market's
development.

8. Brazil's ethanol policies have been more sustainable because many of these
initiatives are motivated by dual aims, though the U.S.'s biofuels policies have
recently incorporated ancillary goals.

   RECOMMENDATIONS

1. The U.S. should work to more effectively promote private competition within
the biofuel industry in order to expand the competitiveness of advanced
biofuels.

2. The U.S. should promote biofuels' cost-competitiveness and develop a
price-ratio formula to help ensure the price-competitiveness of biofuels.

3. The U.S. should mandate that a certain number of FFVs are sold in the nation
per year. The U.S. should work to increase consumer awareness of biofuels.

4. The U.S. should bolster infrastructure supports and expand geographic
locations of biofuel production facilities.

5. The U.S. should increase the authority of its agencies to play an active role
in overseeing the nation's biofuel initiatives.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawOil IndustryGasoline Dealers & DistributorsTransportation
LawCommercial VehiclesEmission ControlTransportation LawPrivate VehiclesFuel
Economy

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Final Staff Report of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global
Warming, H.R. REP. NO. 11-709, (2011) (statement of Edward of J. Markey)
(stating that "[o]ther countries are taking the lead in clean energy and the
United States must act now if it is to remain competitive in this rapidly
developing global market.").





n2  Matthew L. Wald & Edmund L. Andrews, Call to Cut Foreign Oil is a Refrain 35
Years Old, N.Y. TIMES, Jan. 31, 2006, at A16.





n3  See Letter to Congress from Secretary Jacob J. Lew, U.S. DEP'T OF TREASURY
(May 31, 2013) (warning of consequences of the failure to raise the debt
ceiling).





n4  See NREL Highlights 2012 Utility Green Power Leaders: Top 10 Programs
Support More Than 4.2 Million MWh of Voluntary Green Power, NAT'L RENEWABLE
ENERGY LAB (June 5, 2013) (detailing alternative energy providers and price
markup over conventional fuels).





n5  See Nancy I. Potter, How Brazil Achieved Energy Independence and the Lessons
the United States Should Learn from Brazil's Experience, 7 WASH. U. GLOBAL STUD.
L. REV. 331, 346-7 (2008).





n6  ROLAND A. JANSEN, SECOND GENERATION BIOFUELS AND BIOMASS: ESSENTIAL GUIDE
FOR INVESTORS, SCIENTISTS AND DECISION MAKERS 159-60 (2013) (stating "Brazil is
considered to have the world's first sustainable biofuels economy and be the
biofuel industry leader, a policy model for other countries, and its sugarcane
ethanol 'the most successful alternative fuel to date'") (emphasis in original).





n7  Potter, supra note 5, at 345.





n8  Id. at 334 (stating "following the 1973 oil crisis, Brazil adhered to a
two-prong strategy of increasing domestic oil production through the state-owned
oil company Petrobras and decreasing petroleum demand by developing
sugarcane-based ethanol as a viable alternative").





n9  David N. Cassuto & Carolina Gueiros, The Evolution of Brazilian Regulation
of Ethanol and Possible Lessons for the United States, 30 WIS. INT'L L. J. 477,
488 (2012).





n10  Sergio Barros, Brazil: Biofuels Annual, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. FOR. AGRIC. SERV.
(2010), at 4 (providing that "the government set a 65 percent price ratio (later
increased to 67 percent) between hydrated ethanol (E100) and gasoline prices at
the pump based on the energy power both fuels").





n11  Potter, supra note 7, at 337 (stating that "[o]ver twenty-nine thousand
filling stations across the country are equipped with ethanol pumps, which
enables the market to function and allows consumers to choose equally between
ethanol and gasoline").





n12  Id. at 348.





n13  Barros, supra note 10, at 5, 7 (noting the role of the private sector).





n14  See id. at 7.





n15  National Alcohol Programme (PROALCOOL), Decreto No. 76.593 de 14 de
Novembro de 1975, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] de 14.11.1975
(Braz.) [hereinafter Decreto No. 76.593].





n16  James Bixby, The 2005 Energy Policy Act: Lessons on Getting Alternative
Fuels to the Pump from Minnesota's Ethanol Regulations, 26 WASH. U. J. L. &
POL'Y 353, 359-60 (noting that, in response to the 1973 oil crisis, among other
initiatives, the Brazilian government required gasoline to contain at least 10
percent ethanol); see also Vanessa M. Cordonnier, Ethanol's Roots: How Brazilian
Legislation Created the International Ethanol Boom, 33 WM. & MARY ENVT. L. &
POL'Y REV. 289, 296-97 (2008).





n17  For purposes of this paper, Pr[#xF3]-[#xC1]lcool and National Alcohol
Program are used synonymously.





n18  Decreto No. 76.593, (1975), art. 3. Please note that the Commission was
replaced in 1979 by the National Council of Alcohol, though the Council inherits
these responsibilities. See also Decreto No. 83.700 de 05 de Julho de 1979,
DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] de 5.7.1979 (Braz.) [hereinafter
Decreto No. 83.,700], art. 4.





n19  Decreto No. 76.593 (1975).





n20  Id.





n21  Id. When determining where an ethanol production facility will be located,
the Commission considers factors including (i) reducing income disparities
within a region, (ii) availability of resources, (iii) costs of transportations,
as well as (iv) production needs of the unit. Id.





n22  Id. Decreto No. 83.700 develops factors that the Commission must consider
when reviewing the Alcohol Program's framework, including (i) economic
production, (ii) investment levels, (iii) production factors availability, (iv)
where consumption is located, (v) transportation costs, (vi) road infrastructure
and other distribution issues, as well as (vii) income disparities within a
region. Decreto No. 83.700, (1970), art. 4.





n23  See Cassuto & Guerios, supra note 9, at 490. See Portaria No.
143/2007/MAPA, Article 1, de 29 de Junho de 2007, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA
UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.), Portaria No. 7/2010/MAPA, Article 1, de 12 de
Janeiro de 2010, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.), Portaria
No. 678/2011/MAPA, de 1 de Setembro de 2011, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O
[D.O.U.] (Braz.).





n24  Decreto No. 76.593, supra note 15, art. 8; Decreto No. 80.762 de 18 de
November de 1977, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] 18.11.1977 (Braz.),
art. 8 (amending Decreto No. 76.593).





n25  Decreto No. 76.593, (1975), art. 8; see also Michael McDermott, Marcio
Cinelli, Denise J. Luethge & Philippe Byosiere, Brazil and Biofuels for Autos: A
Model for Other Nations, 2 GSTF BUS. REV. 162 (Mar. 2013).





n26  Id. at Art. 2.





n27  Id.





n28  Id. at Art. 5(a).





n29  Id. at Art. 5(b) § 1.





n30  Id.at Art. 7.





n31  Renato Guimar[#xE3]es Jr. & Bruce B. Johnson, Legal Implications of Biomass
Energy: The Case of Brazil's Alcohol Program 3-4 (S[#xE3]o Paulo Conference on
the Law of the World. Work Paper, 1981). See also McDermott et. al., supra note
25.





n32  Decreto No. 82.476, de 23 de Otubro de 1978, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA
UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] de 23.10.1978 (Braz.).





n33  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 297.





n34  See Decreto No. 83.700 (1979).





n35  Id. at Art. 4.





n36  Id. at Arts. 2-6.





n37  See id. at Art. 2.





n38  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 484.





n39  Guimar[#xE3]es & Johnson, supra note 31.





n40  See e.g., Portaria No. 144/1984/MAPA, Article 1, de 21 de Agosto de 1984,
DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.).





n41  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 298.





n42  Id. at 302. Please note these vehicles were not the FFVs as will be later
discussed.





n43  Id.





n44  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 484-85.





n45  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 302.





n46  Id at 303.





n47  Id.





n48  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 485.





n49  Id.





n50  Decreto No. 99.240, de 7 de Maio de 1990, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O
[D.O.U.] DE 7.5.1990 (Braz.), art. 1.





n51  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 486.





n52  Id. at 486-87.





n53  Id. at 487-88.





n54  Juscelino F. Colares, A Brief History of Brazilian Biofuels Legislation, 35
SYR. J. INT'L L. & COM. 293, 295 (2008).





n55  See id. (noting that "[t]he introduction of 'flex fuel' engine technology
in Brazil has allowed motorists to safely switch between consumption of either
gasoline or ethanol depending on prices at the pump"). E85 is a fuel blend that
is 85% ethanol and 15% gasoline.





n56  Cassuto & Guerios, supra note 9, at 487-88; see also Jose Goldemberg,
Brazil's Energy Story: Insights for U.S. Energy Policy, ASPEN INST. (2013)
(noting that FFVs in Brazil "can run on any proportion of ethanol and gasoline,
from zero to 100 percent, as they have sensors that can detect the proportion
and adjust the ignition electronically").





n57  Id. at 488.





n58  Compare Portaria No. 143/2007/MAPA, Article 1, de 29 de Junho de 2007,
DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.), with Portaria No.
7/2010/MAPA, Article 1, de 12 de Janiero de 2010, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA
UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.), and with Portaria No. 678/2011/MAPA, de 1 de
Setembro de 2011, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O [D.O.U.] (Braz.)
(demonstrating the variability of ethanol requirements between 20 and 25
percent); see also Country Analysis Briefs: Brazil, U.S. ENERGY INFO. ADMIN
(Feb. 28, 2012) at 5.





n59  Lei No. 9.478, de 6 de Agosto de 1997, (Braz.) (discussing national energy
policy which oversees ethanol production and use). See also Lei No. 12.249, de
11 de Junho de 2010, (Braz.) art. 131 (establishing infrastructure incentives);
Barros, supra note 10 at 6-7 (providing examples of Brazilian government support
programs).





n60  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 490 (noting that "the imports and
internal sales of gasoline is R$ 860 per cubic meter, while ethanol imports and
internal sales are charged only R$ 37.20 per cubic meter").





n61  Constanza Valdez, Brazil's Ethanol Industry: Looking Forward, U.S. DEP'T
AGRIC. ECON. RES. SERV. (June 2011) at 24.





n62  Rodrigo Augusto Rodrigues & José Hon[#xF3]rio Accarini, Brazil's Biodiesel
Program, (Dec. 15, 2013),
http://dc.itamaraty.gov.br/imagens-e-textos/Biocombustiveis-09ing-programabrasil
eirobiodiesel.pdf (last visited Dec. 15, 2013); see Decreto No. 5.297, de 6 de
Dezembro de 2004, DI[#xC1]RIO OFICIAL DA UNI[#xC3]O (Braz.) (implementing the
Social Fuel Seal); see also Gabriella P.A.G. Pousa, André L.F. Santos & Paulo
A.Z. Suarez, History and Policy of Biodiesel in Brazil, 35 ENERGY POL'Y 5393,
5393 (2007) (discussing the current biodiesel fuels used in Brazil).





n63  Lei No.11.097, de 13 de Janeiro de 2005, (Braz.) (mandating that at least
5% biofuel by volume be incorporated). The portion of the law cited has been
repealed by Law No. 13.033.





n64  See National Program for Production and Use of Biodiesel, MINISTÉRIO DE
MINAS E ENERGIA, http://www.mme.gov.br/programas/biodiesel/menu/biodies
el/pnpb.html (last visited Nov. 17, 2013) (providing that "[s]ince the launch of
PNPB, the private sector is contributing resources, investing in the
distribution of fuel., in laboratories, in research, production of raw
materials, all thanks to the security of the regulatory environment provided by
the regulatory setting goals and creating a legal framework for biodiesel").





n65  See generally ANDRE CHAGAS ET AL., An Application of Dynamic Spatial Panels
to Municipalities in the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil, in ENERGY BIO FUELS AND
DEVELOPMENT: COMPARING BRAZIL AND THE UNITED STATES 292 (Edmund Amann et al.
eds, 2011); see also Decreto No. 5297, de 6 de Dezembro de 2004.





n66  Marlon Arraes J. Leal, The Agro-ecological Sugarcane Zoning in Brazil,
MINISTÉRIO DE MINAS E ENERGIA (Sept. 16, 2010),
https://www.iea.org/media/bioenergyandbiofuels/06_arraes.pdf.





n67  Sizou Matsuoka, Jesus Ferro & Paulo Arruda, The Brazilian Experience of
Sugarcane Ethanol Industry, IN VITRO CELLULAR & DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY - PLANT
372, 379 (2009).





n68  Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975, Pub. L. No. 94-163, 89 Stat.
871 (1975).





n69  Id. at § 301.





n70  Virginia McConnell, The New CAFE Standards: Are They Enough on Their Own?,
RESOURCES FOR THE FUTURE 1, 29 (2013),
http://www.rff.org/RFF/Documents/RFF-DP-13-14.pdf (noting that the "new reformed
CAFE rules would require fuel use and CO2 emissions by light-duty vehicles to
fall by close to 40 percent over the next 15 years").





n71  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-921, REFORMING FUEL ECONOMY
STANDARDS COULD HELP REDUCE OIL CONSUMPTION BY CARS AND LIGHT TRUCKS, AND OTHER
OPTIONS COULD COMPLEMENT THESE STANDARDS 3 (Aug. 2, 2007).





n72  Id. at 5.





n73  REPORT TO CONGRESS: EFFECTS OF THE ALTERNATIVE MOTOR FUELS ACT: CAFE
INCENTIVES POLICY, U.S. DEP'T OF TRANSP., U.S. DEP'T OF ENERGY, U.S. ENVTL.
PROT. AGENCY (2002), at xii; see also U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE,
GAO-07-551T, PASSENGER VEHICLE FUEL ECONOMY: PRELIMINARY OBSERVATIONS ON
CORPORATE AVERAGE FUEL ECONOMY STANDARDS 17 (2007) (noting that CAFE credits
"may be actually increasing oil consumption among passenger vehicles").





n74  See Energy Policy Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-486, 106 Stat. 2776.





n75  Id. at § 2023(a)-(c).





n76  Id. at § 1212.





n77  Id. at § 1205. Please note that "renewable energy" is not limited to
biofuels, but may encompass other energy forms such as wind and solar.





n78  Id. at § 1204.





n79  Key Federal Legislation: Alternative Fuels Data Center, U.S. DEP'T OF
ENERGY, (Dec. 15, 2013), http://www.afdc.energy.gov/laws/key_legislation.





n80  About Clean Cities, U.S. DEP'T OF ENERGY, (Dec. 10, 2013),
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/cleancities/about.html (providing that "DOE created
Clean Cities in 1993 to provide informational, technical, and financial
resources to EPAc-regulated fleets and voluntary adopters of alternative fuels
and vehicles").





n81  Clean Cities Goals and Accomplishments, U.S. DEP'T OF ENERGY, (Dec. 10,
2013) http://www1.eere.energy.gov/cleancities/accomplishments.html.





n82  See Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (MTBE), ENVTL PROT. AGENCY, (Dec. 12, 2013)
www.epa.gov/mtbe/gas.htm. The 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments set forth the
Reformulated gasoline (RFG) program, which demanded an oxygenate requirement for
gasoline. However, upon discovering the toxicity of Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether
(MTBE), a key oxygenate, the Energy Policy Act of 2005 removed this requirement
and replaced it with the Renewable Fuel Standard. Id.





n83  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58, 119 Stat. 594 [hereinafter
EPA 2005].





n84  Id. at § 1501.





n85  Id.





n86  See Energy Independence and Security of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110-140, § 202,
121 Stat. 1492 [hereinafter EISA].





n87  Id.; See Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY (Nov. 18,
2013), http://www.epa.gov/OTAQ/fuels/renewablefuels/.





n88  EISA § 202.





n89  2013 Renewable Fuel Standards, 78 Fed. Reg. 49,794 (Aug. 15, 2013) codified
at 40 C.F.R. pt. 80); see also 2012 Renewable Fuels Standards, 77 Fed. Reg. 1320
(Jan. 9, 2012) (codified at 40 C.F.R. pt. 80). The 2012 Renewable Fuel Standards
provide that there must be 10.45 million gallons of cellulosic biofuel, 1.5
billion gallons of biomass-based diesel, 2.0 billion gallons of advanced
biofuel, and 15.2 billion gallons of renewable fuel. Id.





n90  Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Transporting Ethanol, Ethanol Blends, and other
Biofuels, 72 Fed. Reg. 45002 (Aug. 10, 2007) (to be codified at 49 C.F.R. pt.
452) (stating that "[t]oday, nearly half of all U.S. gasoline contains some
ethanol (mostly blended at the 10 percent level or lower)").





n91  See EPA Proposes 2014 Renewable Fuel Standards/Proposal Seeks Input to
Address "E10 Blend Wall," Reaffirmed Commitment to Biofuels, ENVTL PROT. AGENCY
(Dec. 15, 2013),
http://yosemite.epa.gov/opa/admpress.nsf/bd4379a92ceceeac8525735900400c27/81c99e
6d27c730c485257c24005eecb0!opendocument.





n92  American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, § 301, Pub. L. No. 108-357, § 301, 118
Stat. 1418, 1459-63, (2004) [hereinafter Jobs Creation Act].





n93  Alternative Fuels Data Center: Expired, Repealed, and Archived Incentives,
U.S. DEP'T. ENERGY, http://www.afdc.energy.gov/laws/laws_expired.





n94  Zachary M. Wallen, Far From A Can of Corn: A Case For Reforming Ethanol
Policy, 52 ARIZ. L. REV. 129, 135 (2010).





n95  Alternative Fuels Data Center, supra note 93.





n96  See e.g., Let the VEETC Expire: Moving Beyond Corn Ethanol Means Less
Waste, Less Pollution and More Jobs, NAT. RES. DEF. COUNCIL (Aug. 2010), at 1-2
(describing shortcomings of VEETC).





n97  See BRENT D. YACOBUCCI, CONG. RES. SERV., R40110, BIOFUELS INCENTIVES: A
SUMMARY OF FEDERAL PROGRAMS, 1-5 (2012) (listing biofuels initiatives).





n98  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 § 11502, Pub. L. No. 101-508
(1990) [hereinafter Omnibus Act]





n99  See Alternative Fuels Data Center, supra note 95 Jobs Creation Act § 302.





n100  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-713, BIOFUELS: DOE LACKS A
STRATEGIC APPROACH TO COORDINATE INCREASING PRODUCTION WITH INFRASTRUCTURE
DEVELOPMENT AND VEHICLE NEEDS 22 (2007); see also Phil Izzo, Economists Back
Fossil-Fuel Tax To Spur Alternative Energies, WALL ST. J., Feb. 9, 2007, at A6.





n101  YACOBUCCI, supra note 97, at 1.





n102  Id. at 2-3.





n103  See e.g., Production Incentive or Cellulosic Biofuels, 74 Fed. Reg. 52,867
(to be codified at 10 C.F.R. pt. 452) (providing an example of additional
incentive).





n104  Biofuels and Economic Development: Memorandum for the Secretary of
Agriculture, the Secretary of Energy, [and] the Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency, 74 Fed. Reg. 21,531 (May 5, 2009) (proposing
that the Working Group shall develop "the Nation's first comprehensive biofuel
market development program").





n105  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 9009,
112 Stat. 1651, 2089-93 (2008); see also USD Announces Availability of Funding
to Develop Advanced Biofuels Projects, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. (Oct. 21, 2013),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid=2013/10/0195.xml&print
able=true&contentidonly=true.





n106  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-09-446, BIOFUELS: POTENTIAL EFFECTS
AND CHALLENGES OF REQUIRED INCREASES IN PRODUCTION AND USE 48 (2009). ("Under
[BCAP], producers would enter into multiyear contracts with USDA to obtain
payments of up to 75 percent of the cost for planting and establishing a
perennial energy crop").





n107  See USDA Announces Availability of Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels
Projects, supra note 105. There, Tom Vilsack, USDA Secretary, stated that
"benefits [of BCAP] go beyond reducing our dependence on foreign oil. These
biorefineries are also creating lasting job opportunities in rural America and
are boosting the rural economy as well." Id.





n108  Letter from Jim Wells, U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, to Sen. Tom Harkin
(Sept. 25, 2000), at 2, available at
http://www.gao.gov/archive/2000/rc00301r.pdf.





n109  CHAGAS ET AL., supra note 65, at 292; see also Maur[#xED]cio Antonio
Lopes, Agricultural Innovation and Challenges in Promotion of Knowledge and
Information Flows in Agrifood Systems in Brazil, OECD (2012).





n110  CRAIG A. HART, CLIMATE CHANGE AND THE PRIVATE SECTOR: SCALING UP PRIVATE
SECTOR RESPONSE TO CLIMATE CHANGE (2013), at 82-83; McDermott, et. al., supra
note 25. Moreover, as shall be further discussed, the U.S. has not undertaken
sufficient efforts to ensure that biofuels are accessible, nor has the U.S.
forced large oil companies and car makers to play a role in spearheading
technological and infrastructure changes. For instance, as FFVs have become
increasingly popular in Brazil, car makers, including mainstream producers Ford
and Toyota, have responded by creating a number of attractive vehicles models
and sizes, which has further bolstered the success of Brazil's biofuels
policies.





n111  Kaylan Lytle, Driving the Market: The Effects on the United States Ethanol
Industry if the Foreign Ethanol Tariff is Lifted, 28 ENERGY L.J. 693, 695-96
(2007).





n112  Constanza Valdes, Can Brazil Meet the World's Growing Need for Ethanol?,
U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. ECON. RESEARCH SERV. (Dec. 1, 2011),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/amber-waves/2011-december/can-brazil-meet-the-world's-gr
owing-need-for-ethanol.aspx#.VS_qI86sTS4 ("As in the U.S., support for
consumption of ethanol continues through mandatory blending of ethanol with
gasoline").





n113  See U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-11-513, BIOFUELS: CHALLENGES TO
THE TRANSPORTATION, SALE, AND USE OF INTERMEDIATE ETHANOL BLENDS (2007), at 2-4;
see also Op-Ed, Ethanol's Best Kept Secret -- The Brazil Mandate, U.S.
ENVIROFUELS LLC (Jan. 9, 2012) (noting that "approximately 50% of Brazil's motor
fuel supply is ethanol as a direct result of ethanol's mandated use").





n114  See e.g., Meghan Sapp, Brazil May Boost Ethanol Blends to Offset Gasoline
Imports, BIOFUELS DIGEST (June 27, 2012) (raising the ethanol blend requirements
to reduce gasoline imports). Compare Erin Voegele, Brazil to Increase Ethanol
Blend Level to 25 Percent, ETHANOL PRODUCER MAG. (Mar. 7, 2013),
http://www.ethanolproducer.com/articles/9628/brazil-to-increase-ethanol-blend-le
vel-to-25-percent (In 2011, "the 25 percent blend mandate was reduced to 20
percent due [to] a poor cane harvest. The blend level was expected to return to
25 percent once sugarcane production recovered") with EPA Finalizes Renewable
Fuel Standard for 2013; Additional Adjustments Expected in 2014, U.S. ENERGY
INFO. ADMIN, http://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=12531 (stating that
"[t]he rule sets a 6 million gallon target for cellulosic biofuels use in 2013,
less than half the level of the proposed rule issued in February 2013, and far
below the 1 billion gallon target specified in the Energy Independence and
Security Act of 2007").





n115  Jansen, supra note 6, at 24 (discussing the variability in ethanol blend
mandates from 11-25%).





n116  E15: Frequently Asked Questions, ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, Dec. 15, 2013,
http://www.epa.gov/otaq/regs/fuels/additive/e15/e15-faq.htm (noting previous
gasoline fuels blended at E10).





n117  Pipeline Safety: Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Transporting Ethanol, Ethanol
Blends, and other Biofuels, 72 Fed. Reg. 45002 (Aug. 10, 2007).





n118  Barros, supra note 10, at 10 (describing fuel offerings as a "75 percent
gasoline and 25 percent ethanol blend" as well as a 100 percent ethanol fuel);
see also Statistical Yearbook 2011, AG[#xCA]NCIA NAC[#xCD]ONAL DO PETR[#xD3]LEO,
G[#xC1]S NATURAL E BIOCOMBUSTIVELS Dec. 16, 2013,
http://www.brasil-rounds.gov.br/portugues/anuario_estatistico.asp.





n119  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 302.





n120  See John Wilkinson, The Emerging Global Biofuels Market, 32 REVIEW
(FERNAND BRAUDEL CENTER) 91, 99 (2009); see also See Kenneth Rapoza, Brazil Auto
Makers Drive on the Road to Ethanol, WALL ST. J. (Sept. 10, 2008) ("Everyone in
Brazil wants a flex-fuel car," said Angelo Bressan, a biofuels specialist at the
Agriculture Ministry. "The auto makers here have helps push ethanol forward, but
it's been the consumers who really made the difference," he said. "If these guys
don't make flex-fuel cars, they lose market").





n121  Id.





n122  See id. The limited number of FFVs in the road helps to demonstrate this
discrepancy. Compare Flexible Fuel Vehicles: Alterative Fuels Data Center, U.S.
DEP'T ENERGY, http://www.afdc.energy.gov/vehicles/flexible_fuel.html (last
visited Dec. 15, 2013) (noting that there are 10.6 million FFVs in the U.S.),
with Table 1-11: Number of U.S. Aircraft, Vehicles, Vessels, and Other
Conveyances, BUREAU TRANSP. STAT.,
http://www.rita.dot.gov/bts/sites/rita.dot.gov.bts/files/publications/national_t
ransportation_statistics/html/table_01_1 html (last visited Dec. 15, 2013)
(providing that, in 2011, there were 253,108,389 registered vehicles in the
U.S.)





n123  McConnell, supra note 70, at 29. See also infra Section II.





n124  See Bill Vlasic & Jaclyn Trop, Vehicle Fuel Efficiency Reaches a High,
Nearing Goal for 2016, N.Y. TIMES, Sept. 10, 2013, at B3. ("The car companies
are under pressure to increase fuel efficiency to meet strict federal [CAFE]
standards").





n125  Moreover, if these vehicles are made more available on the market, recent
studies have indicated that consumers will become increasingly willing to
purchase these vehicles. See Consumer Research: What Do Consumers Think About
Fuel Retailers and the Future?, ASS'N FOR CONVENIENCE & FUEL RETAILING (2013),
http://www.nacsonline.com/YourBusiness/FuelsReports/GasPrices_2013/Pages/What-Do
-Consumers-Think.aspx (noting that 46% of consumers who were considering
purchasing a vehicle would consider a non-gas vehicle; likewise, 55% of
consumers would consider purchasing a flex-fuel vehicle).





n126  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 297.





n127  Barros, supra note 10, at 10.





n128  Christopher Doering, Ethanol Makers Face Obstacles to Expanding, USA TODAY
(Dec. 8, 2013) (noting that currently, only about 60 fueling stations sell E15,
and about 3,200 fueling stations sell E85).





n129  See Michael Hirtzer, Analysis: High-Ethanol Gas -- Not Coming to a Pump
Near You, REUTERS Nov. 27, 2013,
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/27/us-usa-ethanole85-analysis-idUSBRE9AQ1
AU20131127.





n130  See EPA 2005 § 1342 (creating the Alternative Fuel Station Credit).





n131  Alternative Fuels Data Center, U.S. DEP'T OF ENERGY,
http://www.afdc.energy.gov/locator/stations/ (last visited Nov. 23, 2013).





n132  Access to Alternative Transportation Fuel Stations Varies Across the Lower
48 States, U.S. ENERGY INFO. ADMIN. (Apr. 30, 2012),
http://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=6050; see GAO-11-513, supra note
113, at 13, 25. Demonstrating these infrastructure shortcomings, the U.S.
mandated that all government vehicles be transitioned to flexible fuel vehicles
(FFVs), yet has been unable to consistently fuel these vehicles.





n133  See David Luhnow & Geraldo Samor, As Brazil Fills Up on Ethanol, It Weans
Off Energy Imports, WALL. ST. J., (Jan. 9, 2006), available at
http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB113676947533241219.





n134  Barros, supra note 10, at 32-34





n135  Id. ("The 70 percent ratio between ethanol and gasoline prices is the rule
of thumb in determining whether flex car owners will choose to fill up with
ethanol (price ratio below 70 percent) or gasoline (price ratio above 70
percent)").





n136  GAO-07-713, supra note 100, at 30 (According to representatives from BP,
Chevron, ConocoPhillips ExxonMobile, and Shell Oil Products, "while no stations
are prohibited from selling biofuels, none of the companies offer E85 to their
stations as a branded product and none of the companies offer biodiesel except
where required to by state mandate").





n137  Id.





n138  See infra Section II.





n139  McDermott, supra note 25, at 163-64.





n140  Brazilian Ethanol and (Some of) It's Lessons, U. MINN. DEP'T ECON. (2012),
http://www.econ.umn.edu/ schwe227/teaching.s12/files/slides/18-ethanol6.pdf
(noting ethanol price ceiling at 59% of gasoline prices).





n141  Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 486. In 1990, the IAA was disbanded
and ethanol's price was subjected to market forces, which reduced the fuel's
competitiveness with gasoline.





n142  Id. at 483. Currently, the Agencia Nacional do Petroleo is the primary
agency that currently regulates biofuels in Brazil. See Biofuels, AGENCIA
NACIONAL DO PETROLEO G[#xC1]S NATURAL E BIOCOMBUST[#xCD]VES (Dec. 12, 2013),
http://www.anp.gov.br/?pg=60467&m=&t1=&t2=&t3=&t4=&ar=&ps=&cachebust=13875659529
00 (describing the ANP's involvement in biofuels regulation).





n143  See American Job Creation Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-357, § 301
(creating the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit which imposed a 51
cents/gallon tax credit for ethanol blenders); Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-234, § 15321 (creating the Credit for Production of
Cellulosic Biofuel which imposes a 1.01 dollar/gallon tax credit); American Jobs
Creation Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-357, § 302 (creating the Biodiesel Tax
Credit which imposes a 0.50 dollar/gallon credit for biodiesel producers).
Notably, however, these initiatives are aimed at reducing the inputs costs for
producers, yet any price reductions passed on to consumers would be incidental.





n144  The Great Ethanol Debate, CONSUMER REPORTS (2011),
http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/2011/01/thegreat-ethanol-debate/index.htm
(noting that "[e]thanol's lower fuel economy results from its lower energy
content compared to gasoline").





n145  Fuel Prices: Alternative Fuels Data Center, U.S. DEP'T ENERGY (Dec. 15,
2013), http://www.afdc.energy.gov/fuels/prices.html. But cf. CLEAN CITIES
ALTERNATIVE FUEL PRICE REPORT, U.S. DEP'T ENERGY 7 (Oct. 2013),(For the month of
October, "[o]n average, E85 is about 41 cents lower in price than regular
gasoline on a per-gallon basis").





n146  ILDO SAUER, BIOFUELS IN BRAZIL: SALES AND LOGISTICS 50 (2009) (providing
that "[t]he Petrobras logistics infrastructure plays a key role in domestic
ethanol distribution . . . [t]hrough nationwide multimode systems, Petrobras
ships, stores and distributes fuels all over Brazil").





n147  Valdes, supra note 61, at 14. The system helps to transport ethanol as
well as other fuels.





n148  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 297.





n149  Joshua A. Blonz, Shalini P. Vajjhala & Elena Safirova, Growing
Complexities: A Cross-Sector Review of U.S. Biofuels Policies and their
Interactions 31-2 (Dec. 2008), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=1368419
(noting that the RFS can increase private investment in infrastructure).





n150  Id. at 28-29.





n151  See FRED BOSSELMAN ET. AL., ENERGY, ECONOMICS, AND THE ENVIRONMENT 1093
(Robert C. Clark et. al., eds., 3d ed. 2010); see also Valdes, supra note 112
(noting that "Brazil faces considerable infrastructure and transportation
constraints along its supply chain . . . [t]he bulk of ethanol is transported
from processing plants to collection centers and then to ports by truck").





n152  GAO-07-713, supra note 100, at 6; 49 C.F.R. pt. 452 (stating that "[a]
large pipeline can transport roughly two million barrels of gasoline a day. By
way of comparison, 9,375 large semi-truck tankers are required to transport two
million barrels of product."). See also Valdes, supra note 112 (noting the
proposal of a Brazilian ethanol pipeline to be completed by 2016 which will
accommodate about 22 billion liters (doubling current transportation capacity)
at about one-third the current cost of shipping ethanol by truck").





n153  Id.





n154  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 311; See also Valdes, supra note 112 (noting
that "[t]he rapid expansion in Brazil's sugarcane production is the result of a
favorable climate, land availability, abundant labor, a pro-ethanol public
policy, and research by public agencies to develop higher yielding cane
varieties and new planting techniques to increase efficiency").





n155  Christine L. Crago, Madhu Khanna, Jason Barton, Eduardo Giuliani, & Weber
Amaral, Competitiveness of Brazilian Sugarcane Ethanol Compared to U.S. Corn
Ethanol, ENERGY BIOSCIENCES INST. 1, 4 (2010),
http://www.ageconsearch.umn.edu/bitstream/60895/2/crago_costofcornandsugarcaneet
hanol_AAEA.pdf (finding that "on average (for the 2006-2008 period) the domestic
production cost of sugarcane ethanol in Brazil is 24% lower than corn ethanol in
the U.S.").





n156  Steven Wallander, Roger Claasses, & Cynthia Nickerson, The Ethanol Decade:
An Expansion of Corn Production, 2000-09, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. ECON. RESEARCH SERV.
1, 3 (2011), http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/121204/eib79.pdf (stating that
"[n]on-ethanol uses of corn have not increased over the past decade, as greater
ethanol production has captured a larger share of corn production"). See also
Colin Carter, Gordon Rausser, & Aaron Smith, The Effect of the U.S. Ethanol
Mandate on Corn Oil Prices, U.C. DAVIS, DEP'T OF AGRIC. & RESEARCH ECON. 1, 1-3
(2011),
http://www.ourenergypolicy/org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/The-Effect-oftheUS-Eth
anol-Mandate-on-corn-prices-.pdf (noting that U.S. energy policy now mandates
that about 15 percent of global corn production to be converted into ethanol for
use); C. Matthew Rendleman & Hosein Shapouri, New Technologies in Ethanol
Production, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. (2007), at i (stating that "the fraction of annual
U.S. corn production used to make ethanol rose from around 1 percent in 1980 to
around 20 percent in 2006"); Timothy A. Wise, The Cost to Developing Countries
of U.S. Corn Ethanol Expansion, 5 (Global Dev. & Envt'l Inst., Working Paper No.
1202, 2012) (noting that the poor are strained by increasing agricultural
commodity price).






n157  CONG. RES. SERV., RL33928, ETHANOL AND BIOFUELS: AGRICULTURE,
INFRASTRUCTURE, AND MARKET CONSTRAINTS RELATED TO EXPANDED PRODUCTION 3, 8
(2007) (describing agricultural and infrastructure barriers to expanded corn
ethanol production).





n158  See generally Blonz, et. al., supra note 149 (describing mechanisms to
reduce costs).





n159  See generally Wallace E. Tyner, The U.S. Ethanol and Biofuels Boom: Its
Origins, Current Status, and Future Prospects, 58 BIOSCIENCE 646, 649 (2008).





n160  Energy Policy Act § (o)(1)(A)(i)-(viii) (2005).





n161  Exec. Order No. 13,134, 64 Fed. Reg. 44,639 (Aug. 16, 1999); see also
Energy Policy Act § 1512(4)(B) (2005).





n162  See generally Timothy A. Slating & Jay P. Kesan, A Legal Analysis of the
Effects of the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS2) and Clean Air Act on the
Commercialization of Biobutanol as a Transportation Fuel in the United States, 4
GCB BIOENERGY 107, 107 (2012).





n163  See generally Jay J. Cheng & Govinda R. Timilsina, Advanced Biofuels
Technologies: Status and Barriers (Pol'y Research Working Paper No. 5411, 2010),
available at http://elibrary.worldbank.org/doi/pdf/10.1596/1813-9450-5411.





n164  Replacing the Whole Barrel to Reduce U.S. Dependence on Oil, U.S. DEP'T OF
ENERGY 1, 11 (2013),
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/bioenergy/pdfs/replacing_barrel_overview.pdf
("Federal investment can significantly accelerate progress in bringing these
hydrocarbon biofuels to market").





n165  Manuel B. Sainz, Commercial Cellulosic Ethanol: The Role of
Plant-Expressed Enzymes, 45 In VITRO CELLULAR & DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY-PLANT 314,
315 (2009) (noting that "[t]he major economic barrier to viable commercial
ethanol production are high production costs, estimated to be between US$ 102
and 123 per barrel or more than US$ 2.50 per gallon").





n166  Id.





n167  See Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 317 (describing the relationship between
the Brazilian government and the market).





n168  See e.g., What Happened to Biofuels? ECONOMIST (Sept. 7, 2013),
http://www.economist.com/news/technology-quarterly/21584452-energy-technology-ma
king-large-amountsfuel-organic-matter-has-proved-be?fsrc=scn/tw_ec/what_happened
_to_biofuels_ (noting the role of the market in biofuels projects); USDA
Accomplishments 2009-2012, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
http://www.usda.gov/documents/Results-Energy.pdf (last visited Dec. 18, 2013)
(outlining a number of biofuel initiatives).





n169  Id.





n170  See Cassuto & Gueiros, supra note 9, at 496 (noting that Brazil's
aggressive initiatives during the early years of Pr[#xF3][#xC1]lcool were made
possible by Brazil's military dictatorship).





n171  Id.





n172  Decreto No. 76.593 (1975), art. 3.





n173  Cordonnier, supra note 16, at 298.





n174  Id. at 297.





n175  See Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act § 11502 (1998); Job Creation Act §
302 (2004).





n176  See Let the VEETC Expire, supra note 96.





n177  See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
9003, 122 Stat. 1651, 2012 (2008) (codified at 7 U.S.C. 8103 (2012)); Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 9007, 122 Stat.
1651, 2007 (2008) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 8107 (2012)).





n178  See Decreto No. 76.593, de 14 de Novembro de 1975, DIARIO OFICIAL DA UNIAO
[D.O.U.] de 14.11.1975 (Braz.) (1975), art. 3.





n179  Id., at Art. 5(b) § 1.





n180  Programa Nacional de Producao e uso do Biodiesel, MINISTERIO DE MINAS E
ENERGIA, supra note 64.





n181  See Valdez, supra note 61, at 4.





n182  See Let the VEETC Expire, supra note 96, at 4 ("If the VEETC is allowed to
expire, taxpayers will save money and big oil companies won't get paid to
consume a few billion gallons more of corn ethanol we don't need").





n183  See e.g., Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems &
Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants Program 101, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-energy-for-america-program-renewable-energy-systems-energy efficiency
(last visited Mar. 8, 2015).





n184  Wilkinson, supra note 120 ("Comprehensive regulation ensured the
attractiveness of this option at a time when the Brazilian automobile market was
largely self-sufficient and protected from imports").





n185  USDA Putting Big Money Into Advanced Biofuels, Business Wire, Oct. 1,
2013, available at http://www.bloomberg.com/bb/newsarchive/abgSiOn1MN5M.html.
There, Paul Watson of Green Technology Solutions, Inc. noted that "[t]he USDA's
payment program is an extremely positive sign that the need for an alternative
fuel source is being taken seriously. . . . It should be encouraging to [the
company's] investors and Americans in general that our government is putting its
money where its mouth is when it comes to advanced biofuels."





n186  Today in Energy: Ethanol Producers Respond to Market Conditions, U.S.
ENERGY INFO. ADMIN. (Mar. 11, 2013),
http://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.cfm?id=1031 (discussing the relationship
between profit margins, production, consumption and prices of ethanol). As
mentioned in Section II, the creation of the Biofuels Interagency Working Group
suggests that some efforts at these initiatives have already begun. See infra
Section II.





n187  Energy Policy Act of 2005 § 1501(a), 42 U.S.C. 7545.





n188  2013 Report on Ethanol Market Concentration, FED. TRADE COMM. (2013),
available at
https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/reports/2013-federal-trade-com
mission-report-Congress-ethanol-market-concentration-november-2013/2013ethanolre
port.pdf (last visited Mar. 8, 2015); see 2012 Report on Ethanol Market
Concentration, FED. TRADE COMM. (2012), available at
https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/reports/2012-federal-trade-com
mission-reportCongress-ethanol-market-concentration/2012ethanolreport.pdf (last
visited Mar. 8, 2015); see also Michelle Ratton Sanchez Badin and Daniela Helena
Godoy, International Trade Regulatory Challenge for Brazil and Some Lessons from
the Promotion of Ethanol 1, 29 (2011), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2207894 (discussing
mobilization of the private sector) (last visited Mar. 8, 2015).





n189  BRENT D. YACCOBUCCI, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL33290, FUEL ETHANOL:
BACKGROUND AND PUBLIC POLICY ISSUES, at 12 (2008) (noting possible production
decline of up to 80% without exemption).





n190  John Cobb, Mitigating the Unintended Consequences of Biofuel Tax Credits,
49 HARV. J. ON LEGIS. 451, 458 (2012) (providing that "in the long term
consumers and motor vehicle fuel suppliers are likely to be relatively
indifferent between relying on gasoline and biofuels. Therefore, the long-term
demand for biofuels is likely quite elastic, at least in ranges where it is
priced competitively with gasoline.").





n191  Id. See generally Robert Z. Lawrence, How Good Politics Results in Bad
Policy: The Case of Biofuel Mandates (Harv. Kennedy School Faculty Research,
Working Paper, RWP10-044, 2010) (providing that ethanol use is also correlated
to oil prices; if oil prices drop substantially, this could impair effort to
convert to ethanol in the absence of stringent federal requirements).





n192  See GAO-09-446, supra note 106, at 122 (comparing ethanol transport costs
as 13 to 18 cents per gallon as compared to 3 to 5 cents per gallon of
gasoline).





n193  See Lytle, supra note 111, at 694-95.





n194  See Examining the State of the Domestic Automobile Industry: Hearing
Before the S. Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 110th Cong. 2nd
Sess. 1-3 (Nov. 18, 2008) (statement of Chairman Christopher J. Dodd) (stating
that "the Big Three [auto manufacturers] . . . . derided hybrid vehicles as
making 'no economic sense.' They have dismissed the threat of global warming,
the role played by their products in creating it, and the strong desire of the
American people to do something to stop it. The prices of GM and Ford shares
have declined steadily and have now reached historic lows. In short, the auto
makers have failed to adapt to change . . .").





n195  Remarks on the United States Automobile Industry, 2009 Daily Comp. Pres.
Doc. 738 (Jun. 1, 2009) (There, President Obama stated that "I decided [] that
if GM and Chrysler and their stakeholders were willing to sacrifice for their
companies' survival and success, if they were willing to take the difficult but
necessary steps to restructure and make themselves stronger, leaner, and more
competitive, then the United States Government would stand behind them").
Accordingly, pushing the industry to redevelop vehicles that can more
effectively operate on biofuels could be a way to simultaneously help to promote
the revitalization and competitiveness of the domestic auto industry.





n196  See Id.





n197  See Wilkinson, supra note 120, at 99-100 (discussing Brazil's ethanol
policy, the author notes that the turning point occurred when FFVs were
introduced, "which in the five years since 2003 have soared from zero to over
80% of total car sales." One notable factor is that "differently from the
previous ethanol program, choice of fuel can now be made at the petrol pump and
not, more irrevocably, at the moment of purchase").





n198  McDermott et al., supra note 25.





n199  Blonz, Vejjhala, & Safirova, supra note 149.





n200  GAO-07-713, supra note 100, at 7.





n201  See McDermott et al., supra note 25.





n202  Amanda Peterka, Survey Shows Low Consumer Awareness of E15, GOVERNORS'
BIOFUELS COALITION (2013), http://www.governorsbiofuelscoalition.org/?p=6319
(citing a 2012 study by the National Association of Convenience Stores).
Pursuant to the study, "[o]nly 26 percent of surveyed fuel consumers were aware
of E15. After survey takers described E15 to consumers, 59 percent, or three out
of five consumers, said they would consider purchasing the fuel if it were the
same price as gasoline. Three out of five of those consumers, though, had
primary vehicles with model years for which it's illegal to fuel up with E15."





n203  See GAO-11-513, supra note 113, at 30 ("Because the EPA has only allowed
E15 for use in model year 2001 and new automobiles, representatives from several
industry associations stated that consumers may not be aware of the distinction
between approved and unapproved engines, or they may be confused about which
fuel to use"); see also Automobile Fuel Ratings, Certification and Posting, 75
Fed. Reg. 12,470 (Mar. 16, 2010) (to be codified at 16 C.F.R. pt. 306)
(proposing labeling for ethanol blends as a way to reduce consumer confusion).





n204  GAO-11-513, supra note 113, at 30.





n205  Id. Because only a small percentage of U.S. cars are currently powered
predominately by biofuels, this initiative will need to be developed concomitant
to other policies, such as increasing the number of FFVs or predominately
ethanol-powered vehicles on the road.





n206  Annette Hester, A Strategy Brief on U.S. Ethanol Markets and Policies,
CENTRE FOR INT'L GOVERNANCE INNOVATION 1, 2 (2007) (stating that "data from the
Renewable Fuels Association shows that the top ten producers account for almost
50% of total production. Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) alone accounts for 20% of
this capacity").





n207  See BOSSELMAN ET. AL., supra note 151, at 1093.





n208  Id.





n209  See Joseph Cooper, Agricultural Commodity Support and Biofuels Policy,
RESOURCES FOR THE FUT. (July 18, 2011),
http://www.rff.org/Publications/WPC/Pages/Agricultural-Commodity-Support-and-Bio
fuels-Policy.aspx (noting the problems associated with price shocks).





n210  See Energy Analysis: International Trade of Biofuels, NAT'L RENEWABLE
ENERGY LAB., U.S. DEP'T ENERGY (2013) (describing biofuels trade).





n211  See Isis Almeida & Tony Dreibus, Brazil to Become Net Importer of U.S.
Ethanol, Czarnikow Says, BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK, Nov. 22, 2011, available at
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-11-22/brazil-to-become-net-importer-of-u-s
-ethanol-czarnikow-says.html.





n212  Id.





n213  See Clean Cities Goals, supra note 81. The DOE has a number of successful
biofuel programs, which demonstrates that a more active role by federal agencies
can be viable and need not encroach upon the authority of producers. For
instance, DOE has created almost 100 "Clean Cities Coalitions," which help to
promote biofuels on a local level. See Coalitions, U.S. DEP'T ENERGY (Dec. 17,
2013), http://www1.eere.energy.gov/cleancities/coalitions.html Similarly,
pursuant to the "Clean Cities National Parks Initiative," DOE works with
national parks to increase use of biofuel-powered vehicles in parks. See Clean
Cities National Parks Initiative, U.S. DEP'T ENERGY (Dec. 17, 2013)
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/cleancities/national_parks.html. Although these and
similar initiatives by DOE have been largely successful, additional agencies
could devise additional biofuel programs without overlapping upon DOE's
authority.





n214  See id. Expanding upon previous efforts, agencies could work more closely
with local governments to convert public transportation and other city machinery
to operate on biofuel blends, especially in cities that lack sufficient funding
to foster this transition. Agencies could also help to promote consumer
awareness of biofuels through partnerships with local organizations and
community groups. Moreover, agencies could take a much more active role in
ensuring that biofuel pumps are installed at fueling stations by working with
station operators to help ensure that appropriate infrastructure supports, such
as storage tanks, are available.





n215  USDA Announces Support for Producers of Advanced Biofuel, U.S. DEP'T
AGRIC. (Sept. 12, 2013),
http://usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2013/09/0177.xml. There, USDA
notes that the payments are part of its efforts to "support the research,
investment and infrastructure necessary to build a strong biofuels industry that
creates job and broadens the range of feedstocks used to promote renewable
fuel." Accordingly, enabling agencies to play a more directive role in shaping
the industry will help to ensure that these aims are achieved.





n216  Biofuel Feedstock & Coproduct Market Data, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. ECON. RES.
SERV. (Dec. 17, 2013),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/bioenergy/biofuel-feedstock-coproduc
t-market-data.aspx.





n217  See e.g., Rural Development: Technical Assistance, U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
(Dec. 17, 2013), http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Subject_RD (outlining technical
assistance endeavors).
